Gary Belsky, Why Smart People Make Big Money Mistakes and How to Correct Them: Lessons from the Life-Changing Science of Behavioral Economics|As part of an effort to prod college seniors to get tetanus shots, a group of students was given a lecture meant to educate them about the dangers of tetanus and the importance of getting inoculated against it. A large majority of those students reported that they were convinced and planned to get their shots, but in the end only 3 percent got them. Bu another group of students, who were presented with the same lecture, had a 28 percent inoculation rate. The difference? The second group was given a map of the campus and asked to plan their route to the health center and pick a date and time to go. Sometimes, you see, motivation isn't our problem. Rather, we need to identify life's everyday mental obstacles - regret, fatigue, overconfidence, fear, to name just four - and put ourselves into position to hurdle them.
aMessageOfLove|No matter how things appear have faith that they are always working out for you. Relax knowing that the universe is taking care of it. Your faith in a solution allows your vibration to rise, allowing your awareness to have access to ideas, help and solutions that reside at that higher frequency. Instagram: #aMessageOfLove
Christine Mason|Early violence and early abandonment damages people and family systems, and can persist for decades if not healed.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Listen you..you.."he sputtered."You what ? You've already used hellion,draft girl and missy' .i can think of several more degradation,but then again im not the one trying so hard to be intimidating.""How about you,maddending,foolish,moronic little chit ?""Much better !" she applauded.
Andrew Kaufman, Born Weird|Are you sad?" Nicola asked. Richard turned in the chair. The scissors became motionless."Yes. I am sad. I'm sad most of the time.""Does it bother you?""It never used to. But now it does. Very much.""It's because the world disappoints you," Nicola said. She set down hers scissors. "It continually fails to surprise you. It fails to be as wonderful as you long for it to be. This is where your sadness comes from.
Miguel de Cervantes|For me, there is very little difference between magic and art. To me, the ultimate act of magic is to create something from nothing: It's like when the stage magician pulls the rabbit from the hat.
Michael Bassey Johnson|OBVIOUSLY YOU STRIKE OUTAGAINST PEOPLE WITHIN RANGE.IT'S CATHARTIC TO AFFECTSOMEONE WHEN YOU'RE ANGRY.ALTERNATIVELY, CHOOSEENEMIES IMPOSSIBLY FAR AWAYSO YOU NEVER HAVE TO FIGHT.
Ray Bradbury|You must write every single day of your life... You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads... may you be in love every day for the next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.
Malala Yousafzai|I don't want revenge on the Taliban, I want education for sons and daughters of the Taliban.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.”Gramma Tenanye, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
William John Wills|And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'
Erik Pevernagie|Hope may inspire and inveigle us, but we cannot just live on hope. Certainly, love can be hope, but it is merely a contingency, since it might either mend our life or break our heart. ("Waiting for the smoke signals")
Michele Woolley, God's Favor - Breath Of Heaven|with man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible” (Matthew 19:26").
Aspen Baker, Pro-Voice: How to Keep Listening When the World Wants a Fight|That's the problem with revealing true truths. They make people uncomfortable. The truth should be grand and exotic, but mostly it isn't. Mostly it's uncomfortable.
James E. Faust|A peace deal requires agreements, and you don't make agreements with your friends, you make agreements with your enemies.
Pamela Perskin Noblitt, Ritual Abuse in the Twenty-First Century: Psychological, Forensic, Social, and Political Considerations|No amount of logic can usually move a battered woman, so persuasion requires emotional leverage, not statistics or moral arguments. . . .I have seen their fear and resistance firsthand . . . I believe it is critical for a woman to view staying as a choice, for only then can leaving be viewed as a choice and an option.
Richard C. Armitage|I can work hard and be disciplined like a soldier, but I could never reach their level of fitness.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|At the heart of science is an essential balance between two seemingly contradictory attitudes--an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new. This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense.
Black Kettle|In fact, because of this deep desire for peace, the ruling class leaders of this land, from 1945 on, stepped up the hysteria and propaganda to drive into American minds the false notion that danger threatened them from the East.
Yan Xuetong|Shroud of dust now covers the beautiful earth, wonder when we respire in the fresh air of verdure.
Donna Schoenrock|I thought that what I felt for you was right," Luce said. "I loved you until it hurt me, until our love was consumed by your pride and rage. The thing you called love made me disappear. So I had to stop loving." She Paused. "Our adoration never diminished the Throne, but your love diminished me. I never meant to hurt you. I only meant to stop you from hurting me.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Highs and lows make you feel that things matter, but they're nothing.
Neil Gaiman|I had forgotten what fiction was to me as a boy, forgotten what it was like in the library: fiction was an escape from the intolerable, a doorway into impossibly hospitable worlds where things had rules and could be understood; stories had been a way of learning about life without experiencing it, or perhaps of experiencing it as an eighteenth-century poisoner dealt with poisons, taking them in tiny doses, such that the poisoner could cope with ingesting things that would kill someone who was not inured to them. Sometimes fiction is a way of coping with the poison of the world in a way that lets us survive it.
Anthony Liccione|They say money is the rude of all evil, however I know poor people that can quite fit the bill.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|She pushed my chest like she wanted me off of her, but her fingers had my shirt clutched in them and I knew she was full of shit. She wanted me.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|People said there had to be a Supreme Being because otherwise how could the universe exist, eh?And of course there clearly had to be, said Koomi, a Supreme Being. But since the universe was a bit of a mess, it was obvious that the Supreme Being hadn't in fact made it. If he had made it he would, being Supreme, have made a better job of it, with far better thought given, taking an example at random, to things like the design of the common nostril. Or, to put it another way, the existence of a badly put-together watch proved the existence of a blind watchmaker. You only had to look around to see that there was room for improvement practically everywhere. This suggested that the Universe had probably been put together in a bit of a rush by an underling while the Supreme Being wasn't looking, in the same way that Boy Scouts' Association minutes are done on office photocopiers all over the country.So, reasoned Koomi, it was not a good idea to address any prayers to a Supreme Being. It would only attract his attention and might cause trouble.
B.A. Gabrielle|If you keep looking back, you'll never be able to move forward. You're the only one who can stop yourself from your own success.
Ken Hutcherson|If you remove Al Sharpton’s blackness, he disappears. He’s transparent. There’s nothing there because he bases his whole life on his blackness. Me, I’m a black man; but my blackness has submission to my Christianity.
Nicholas Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn|As women of the western world, we see our sisters in other lands being raped, maimed and even executed simply for trying to exercise the most basic freedoms, such as taking a bus alone or wearing a bright red sweater. And when we look at our own world, we see that it too still lacks equality for the sexes. It's a terrible thing to go through one's entire lifetime not getting to do all the things we dream of doing just because others say we're not permitted to do them, and to know that they will hurt us if we try. But far, far worse than that is when there's not a thing or a person outside that's stopping us from living exactly as we wish, but we stop ourselves; internally we do not give ourselves permission, simply because we're too scared of what will happen if we dare.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Creativity is more about taking the facts, fictions, and feelings we store away and finding new ways to connect them. What we're talking about here is metaphor. Metaphor is the lifeblood of all art, if it is not art itself. Metaphor is our vocabulary for connecting what we are experiencing now with what we have experienced before. It's not only how we express what we remember , it's how we interpret it - for ourselves and others.
Gaurav Parab, Rustom and the Last Storyteller of Almora|When you play with a gentleman, you play like a gentleman. But when you play with bastards, make sure you play like a bigger bastard. Otherwise, you will lose.
Fanny Burney, Evelina|Reading is the sole means by which we slip, involuntarily, often helplessly, into another’s skin, another’s voice, another’s soul.” —
Scott Stabile|If you can’t forget about all the great pains you’ve endured, as many of us can’t, at least take some time to celebrate the fact that you’ve somehow kept going, in spite of it all. And you’ve certainly kept growing, because of it all.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|[A] woman should have every honorable motive to exertion which is enjoyed by man, to the full extent of her capacities and endowments. The case is too plain for argument. Nature has given woman the same powers, and subjected her to the same earth, breathes the same air, subsists on the same food, physical, moral, mental and spiritual. She has, therefore, an equal right with man, in all efforts to obtain and maintain a perfect existence.
Mary Roach|I am always suspicious of those who impose 'rules' on child rearing. Every child is different in terms of temperament and learning, and every parent responds to a particular child, not some generalized infant or youngster.
Erin Hunter, Crookedstar's Promise|Mapleshade: "Your punishment is complete now, Crookedstar. You have lost everything." Crookedstar: "No, Mapleshade. You're wrong. I still have a clan that I love and am proud to lead. And now... ...now everything precious to me is here, in StarClan. My family is waiting here for me, when my ninth life has passed. It's you who have lost. You have no power over me anymore." Mapleshade: "I have destroyed you!" Crookedstar: "No, Mapleshade. I still have the cats that I loved. You have nothing and no one.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Sunglasses are best invention of this worldThey hide eyes,which speak more then words
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|In the West many Christians have an abundance of material possessions, yet they live in a backslidden state.
Eugene Linden, The Ragged Edge of the World: Encounters at the Frontier Where Modernity, Wildlands, and Indigenous Peoples Me et|Seen from that future time, when every commodity the human mind could imagine would flow from the industrial horn of plenty in dizzy abundance, this would seem a scanty, shoddy, cramped moment indeed, choked with shadows, redeemed only by what it caused to be created.Seen from plenty, now would be hard to imagine. It would seem not quite real, an absurd time when, for no apparent reason, human beings went without things easily within the power of humanity to supply and lives did not flower as it was obvious they could.
Frank Gehry|I don't see that any buildings should be excluded from the term architecture, as long as they are done properly.
Daisaku Ikeda, Discussions on Youth|Buddha is our inherent nature—our buddha nature—and what that means is that if you’re going to grow up fully, the way that it happens is that you begin to connect with the intelligence that you already have. It’s not like some intelligence that’s going to be transplanted into you. If you’re going to be fully mature, you will no longer be imprisoned in the childhood feeling that you always need to protect yourself or shield yourself because things are too harsh. If you’re going to be a grown-up—which I would define as being completely at home in your world no matter how difficult the situation—it’s because you will allow something that’s already in you to be nurtured. You allow it to grow, you allow it to come out, instead of all the time shielding it and protecting it and keeping it buried. Someone once told me, “When you feel afraid, that’s ‘fearful buddha.’” That could be applied to whatever you feel. Maybe anger is your thing. You just go out of control and you see red, and the next thing you know you’re yelling or throwing something or hitting someone. At that time, begin to accept the fact that that’s “enraged buddha.” If you feel jealous, that’s “jealous buddha.” If you have indigestion, that’s “buddha with heartburn.” If you’re happy, “happy buddha”; if bored, “bored buddha.” In other words, anything that you can experience or think is worthy of compassion; anything you could think or feel is worthy of appreciation.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your body will heal itself, through gentle and peaceful cooperation with the inherent wisdom and intelligence within.
Helen Picca, The Last Frontier of the Fading West|There's something romantic about it, of course, in the way only other people's lives can be.
Anonymous, The Holy Bible: New American Standard Version, NASB|Enjoy life with the woman whom you love all the days of your fleeting life which He has given to you under the sun; for this is your reward"...Ecclesiastes 9:9 (NASB)
Esther Grace Earl|Never say anything about someone which, if called to testify, you are unable to repeat to the person's hearing or the hearing of the person's close friend. This will save you a lot of trouble in life.
James St. James, Party Monster: A Fabulous But True Tale of Murder in Clubland|Over the years, Skye sampled every drug she could find, and like many addicts, had a working knowledge of pharmacology. She snorted coke and swallowed pills. She took downers—orange and red Seconal, red and ivory Dalmane, Miltown, Librium, Luminal, Nembutal, and Quaaludes. Blue devils, red birds, purple hearts. Enough of them sank her in a kind of coma, where she watched her own limbs suspended in front of her in syrup. For a party, there was Benzedrine, rushing in her veins and making her talk for an hour in one long sentence. Day to day, she carried yellow tablets loose in her pockets, Dilaudid and Percodan, and chewed them in the back of classrooms. But her favorite was the greatest pain reliever of them all, named for the German word for hero.
Douglas Beaumont, The Message Behind the Movie: How to Engage With a Film Without Disengaging Your Faith|Lila:Humprey,Im feeling so cross right now!Hump:why?Lila:cauze I was disappointed with the movie,the book is much better,now they destroyed my expectation to the bookHump:A good advice,some books are meant to be watch,some are not He smiled
Sunday Adelaja|If you would devote your time to an activity even if you didn’t receive payment, you have found a key to your destiny
Sugata Mitra|For a while, I was saying 'no' way too often. I turned down 'An Officer and A Gentleman,' 'Splash' and 'Midnight Express.' I could name you tons more. I would go off and experience life instead of working - I was learning to fly jets, went on an African safari, sailed the Caribbean - which wasn't necessarily bad.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Ego-generated emotions are derived from the mind's identification with external factors which are, of course, all unstable and liable to change at any moment.
Gustave Flaubert|As humanity perfects itself, man becomes degraded. When everything is reduced to the mere counter-balancing of economic interests, what room will there be for virtue? When Nature has been so subjugated that she has lost all her original forms, where will that leave the plastic arts? And so on. In the mean time, things are going to get very murky.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|We’ve been so busy with these things we let ourselves think actually mattered, but they don’t. There’s no such thing as the right career, or morality, or destiny, or fate. There’s only life. And whether you honor it or ignore it. It’s ironic, but in trying to find God we’ve been ignoring life.
Alfred Thayer Mahan, The Influence Of Sea Power Upon History, 1660 - 1783|If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them.
Joshua Prince-Ramus|I'm involved in everything from highly progressive lighting systems to airline interiors. In the field of transportation I can go from the micro to the macro: architecture, transportation, industrial product design, right across the board. It's Russian dollism, because they all interrelate: one goes into the other.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Relatively speaking, science can provide reliable standards to verify truth in a physical, material sense, but values are not its strength. What one generation takes to be true is debunked and made obsolete by new discoveries.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|Instead of practicing philoxenos, which means loving the stranger, we find many times that the church is xenophobic. We forget that Jesus, whom we claim to follow, was the ultimate lover of otherness in people. Even differences in religion didn't freak Jesus out when it came to loving people.
Tom Kavanagh, Re:Help|Adam mused, “Incorruptus. I never thought anyone would use that word to describe Lynch.” Ronan looked as pleased as a pit viper ever could.
Chinua Achebe|I like the struggles that people have, people who are feeling like they don't fit into society, because I still sort of feel that way.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|What's wisdom if not the will to learn the lessons, which Nature puts in one's way at every step?
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|Real self-worth comes from mastery, from getting good at something. It doesn't matter what. Then you don't have to worry about empty compliments. You don't worry about what other people think. You have self-respect.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Though love may be blind, it sees much;though it may be deaf, it hears much;though it may be mute, it says much;and though it may be lame, it does much.
Mike Nichols|Growing up, I looked up to major league baseball players, and now these young women have amazing, incredible women all across the board, from swimming to gymnastics to softball to basketball. It is incredible how far women have come and women in sports have come.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The day history will die and lose its essence with time, memories will not only die, but they shall also surely be forgotten with time!
Ricky Skaggs|With the coming of spring, I am calm again.
Bob Marley|Wedding song (reprise)But you and I, through burning plains, through darkness of the earth, affirm the world, its people, the heavens that gave them birth, the breath that passes between us, this new home where we stand, and all those things made larger by the vows between woman and man.
Evelyn Waugh, Scoop|At a banquet given in his honour Sir Jocelyn Hitchcock once modestly attributed his success in life to the habit of "getting up earlier than the other fellow." But this was partly metaphorical, partly false and in case wholly relative for journalists are as a rule late risers.
Sunday Adelaja|A man going straight towards his goals overcomes difficulties and obstacles in his paths, and turns them into benefits
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|Reflecting on this, Albert LaChance recognized an opportunity—what if the work he and so many others found so fruitful in the 12-Step recovery programs could be expanded to an ecological, a global, or even a cosmic level?
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, keep asking curious questions about yourself. If you lose, ask “why?”; if you win, ask “why not?
Francois Hollande|With any of the movies I've had a chance to do, or any of the TV shows I've had a chance to contribute to, people approach me and say, 'Hey, would you like to do this?' I laugh out loud and say, 'Yes, that'd be funny.' Or, I'm very moved by what I read and say, 'Yes. How can I help you?'
Debasish Mridha|It is very easy to fall in the ocean of love and feel great,but it's difficult to get out of the river of love and forget.
Janette Rallison, How to Take the Ex Out of Ex-Boyfriend|Blackmailers never explain their thinking. They're like pirates that way. Dark-hearted, dangerous--- and cool like Johnny Depp.
Jerry Doyle|The quicker we get rid of the lobby system the better for all of us. I don't think in this day and age it is tenable to have these nods and winks, and on-the-record and off-the-record briefings.
Hillary Clinton|Where thou art, that is home.
Robert Half|I'm really very self-confident when it comes to my work. When I take on a project, I believe in it 100%. I really put my soul into it. I'd die for it. That's how I am.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|For the machine meant the conquest of horizontal space. It also meant a sense of that space which few people had experienced before – the succession and superimposition of views, the unfolding of landscape in flickering surfaces as one was carried swiftly past it, and an exaggerated feeling of relative motion (the poplars nearby seeming to move faster than the church spire across the field) due to parallax. The view from the train was not the view from the horse. It compressed more motifs into the same time. Conversely, it left less time in which to dwell on any one thing.
Sunday Adelaja|If you will conduct a poll with most people in our world today and ask them to tell you what is the ideal life they dream about. Most people will tell you that they are dreaming of having a house on an island, but really they are spending away and whining away their lives.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|Prayer doesn’t begin with our needs, but with his bounty.
Henry Cavill|A lesson learned, both in the SEAL teams and as an entrepreneur, is that failure is sometimes a critical component of success.
Roger Stone|I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|The Adventure called and I followed with my thumb like a character being written by an intractable author. Which, of course, I was.
Jillian Michaels|Ironically, when I was in Dubai with the BBC 'Good Food Show,' even though it's an urban area, when you see the vast panorama from the top of the Burj Khalifa, it feels remote, as if it's just sprung up out of the desert. I like Dubai. I didn't think I would, but the food and the people were great.
Kristin Hannah, Summer Island|Vietnam...war...it did something to us. Or maybe not. Maybe the bad seeds were always in me, and war gave them a dark place in which to grow.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The word church as applied to the Christian society was first used by Jesus Himself when He told Peter, “Upon this rock I will build my church” [Matthew 16:18]. He is the foundation of all Christian experience.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|A king of a kingdom no one fucking knows about! I'm the tree in the forest that silently falls--when no one is around to be crushed! [Lothaire, Enemy of Old]
Maya Angelou|My whole life is out here-the whole of my life...I'd come here naked, as a boy-straight from that river out there-throw my clothes on the floor and climb into that loft and lie there dreaming in the hay...All those summer days-scouring the banks of the Avon for smooth, round stones-scaring up ducks and foxes-kingfishers-swallows...somebody's dog...Oh, God-I want it back. Throwing stones that never reached the other shore. And the games-the games-the games, and all my friends...
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|I wondered if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped up in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long adult books, the kind with no pictures or conversations.
Julian Assange|Courage is not the absence of fear. Only fools have no fear. Rather, courage is the intellectual mastery of fear by understanding the true risks and opportunities of the situation and keeping those things in balance
Reinhold Messner|I made sure to pay attention to everything I was doing. To be fully in the moment. Because that's all life is, really, a string of moments that you knot together and carry with you. Hopefully most of those moments are wonderful, but of course they won't all be. The trick is to recognize an important one when it happens. Even if you share the moment with someone else, it is still yours. Your string is different from anyone else's. It is something no one can ever take away from you. It will protect you and guide you, because it IS you. What you hold here, in your hand, in this box, this is my s
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Happiness has to do with your mindset, not with outside circumstance.
Buffy Andrews|I'm in love with writing, but sometimes I swear it hates me.
Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane|Tell her thisAnd more,—That the king of the seasWeeps too, old, helpless man.The bustling fatesHeap his hands with corpsesUntil he stands like a childWith surplus of toys.
Anthony Liccione|He asked me for a light to light his cigarette, and by reason of unaware, it is he that really gave light to me, made me realize how much alike we all are, breathing the same air, beating the same red blood, separated through some fortune and shame in the way of humanity.
Don Piper, 90 Minutes in Heaven: A True Story of Death and Life|Satan is a liar. He wants to steal our joy and replace it with hopelessness. When we're up against a struggle and we think we can't keep going, we can change that by praising God. Our chains will fall from us.Meese encouraged me by reminding me of the real reason we have for fully living this life. It's to give everything we have to God--even the heartbreaks and pain. God is our reason to live.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|UselessnessLet mine not be the saddest fate of all,  To live beyond my greater self; to see  My faculties decaying, as the tree Stands stark and helpless while its green leaves fall Let me hear rather the imperious call,  Which all men dread, in my glad morning time,  And follow death ere I have reached my prime, Or drunk the strengthening cordial of life's gall. The lightning's stroke or the fierce tempest blast  Which fells the green tree to the earth to-day Is kinder than the calm that lets it last,  Unhappy witness of its own decay.  May no man ever look on me and say, 'She lives, but all her usefulness is past.
Makoto Shinkai|By just living one’s life, sadness accumulates here and there, be it in the blankets hung out in the sun to dry, the toothbrushes in the bathroom, and the phone history logs.
Geraldine Page|Chicken and horse meat are the best foods for weightlifters, and good food is important.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|I can't - Kestrel, you must understand that I would never claim you. Calling you a prize - my prize - it was only words. But it worked. Cheat won't harm you, I swear that he won't, but you must...hide yourself a little. Help a little. Just tell us how much time we have before the battle. Give him a reason to decide you're not better off dead. Swallow your pride.""Maybe it's not as easy for me as it is for you."He wheeled on her. "It's not easy for me," "You know that it's not. What do you think I have had to swallow these past ten years? What do you think I have had to do to survive?""Truly," she said, "I haven't the faintest interest. You may tell your sad story to someone else."He flinched as if slapped. His voice came low: "You can make people feel so small.
Walter Benjamin, The Work of Art in the Age of Its Technological Reproducibility, and Other Writings on Media|Her first really great role, the one that cemented the “Jean Arthur character,” was as the wisecracking big-city reporter who eventually melts for country rube Gary Cooper in Frank Capra’s Mr. Deeds Goes to Town (1936). It was the first of three terrific films for Capra: Jean played the down-to-earth daughter of an annoyingly wacky family in Capra’s rendition of Kaufman and Hart’s You Can’t Take It With You (1938), and she was another hard-boiled city gal won over by a starry-eyed yokel in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939). “Jean Arthur is my favorite actress,” said Capra, who had successfully worked with Stanwyck, Colbert and Hepburn. “. . . push that neurotic girl . . . in front of the camera . . . and that whining mop would magically blossom into a warm, lovely, poised and confident actress.” Capra obviously recognized that Jean was often frustrated in her career choice.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|If pain doesn't lead to humility, you have wasted your suffering.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|I don’t have a philosophy: I have senses...If I talk about Nature, it’s not because I know what it is,But because I love it, and that’s why I love it,Because when you love you never know what you love,Or why you love, or what love is.Loving is eternal innocence,And the only innocence is not thinking.
Tima Maria Lacoba, BloodGifted|Eternity," I repeated, the words burning into my brain, so much so it felt we'd made some form of sacred and unbreakable bond.
Dada Bhagwan|In all animals, egoism is in a seed-form. It bears effect as a tree in the human life form! If the egoism is destroyed, ‘one’ becomes the ‘Absolute Supreme Self’[parmatma]!
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|In a world full of cynics, critics, and competitors, we get to choose instead to be cheerleaders for others.
Jill Alexander Essbaum|Is that not always the case? Given any two people in a relationship, one will always love more, the other less. Right?
Roy T. Bennett|When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.
Joey W. Hill, Hostile Takeover|The poet cannot invent new words every time, of course. He uses the words of the tribe. But the handling of the word, the accent, a new articulation, renew them.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|We've been shattered and reconstructed, told to make an effort every single day to pretend we still function the way we're supposed to. But it's a lie, it's all a lie; every person, place, thing and idea is a lie. I do not function properly. I am nothing more than the consequence of catastrophe.
Patrick Ness, Monsters of Men|The most important journey you will take in your life will usually be the one of self transformation. Often, this is the scariest because it requires the greatest changes, in your life.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Intelligence, goodness, humanity, excitement, serenity. Over time, these are the things that change the musculature of your face, as do laughter, and animation, and especially whatever peace you can broker with the person inside.It's furrow, pinch, and judgement that make us look older - our mothers were right. They said that if you made certain faces, they would stick, and they do. But our mothers forgot that faces of kindness and integrity stick as well.
Sloan Parker, Take Me Home|I'm not equipped to handle what she has, both good and bad and what she has is always a package deal of both. In other words, I've been assigned a load I can handle.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you are on a great mission, look simple;think and act complexly
Levon Peter Poe|Our identities are forged in the fires of trial. What we become after those fires always burn’s forever into the future we create. Our lives are meant to merge into a destiny of the consciousness of the world. Move forward with a purpose and sight on your destiny, your goal. If you fall down a few times, GET YOUR ASS BACK UP! The future is frightening but must be faced head on and best to do so with a little courage and hope than with cringing fear and utter hopelessness. Manifest your own destiny. CREATE YOUR FUTURE! CREATE YOU!
Erin Passons, The Nasty Women Project: Voices from the Resistance|Just after midnight, I text my parents who live in Florida: Please tell me you didn’t help elect him.No reply.The next morning, New York City wakes up with a wet, gray yawn. The air is thick with mist. The city moves at a slower, muffled pace. New Yorkers rarely make eye contact; today isn’t much different, except when eyes meet, they lock for a moment in shared grief. Everyone’s shoulders bend forward, the world weighing heavier on them than it did yesterday.The sidewalks and the coffee shops are quiet. Even the subway paces through its underground veins in somber silence. My husband tells me: “The city hasn’t been this quiet since 9/11.”—Melissa Lirtsman
Henry Ward Beecher|The God we serve does not seek out the perfect, but instead uses our imperfections and our shortcomings for his greater good. I am humbled by my own limitations. But where I am weak, He is strong.
John Fowles|I hate what G.P. calls the New People, the new class people with their cars and their money and their tellies and their stupid vulgarities and their stupid crawling imitations of the bourgeoisie.(...)The New People are still the poor people, it is the new form of poverty. The others hadn't any money and these haven't any soul.
Susan Vreeland|re: cutting glass..."You have to be in command of the glass, telling it where to release its hold on itself. Just like life. Otherwise it will splinter.
Eric Maisel Ph.D.|You must be prepared to sacrifice your self-love to the cause, you must be ready to treat the cause as if it is life itself.
Bruce Lansky|My Teacher Sees Right Through MeI didn’t do my homework.My teacher asked me, “Why?”I answered him, “It’s much too hard.”He said, “You didn’t try.” I told him, “My dog ate it.”He said, “You have no dog.”I said, “I went out running.”He said, “You never jog.” I told him, “I had chores to do.”He said, “You watched TV.”I said, “I saw the doctor.”He said, “You were with me.” My teacher sees right through my fibs,which makes me very sad.It’s hard to fool the teacherwhen the teacher is your dad.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Catching up with the end result is never final, until it is, upon death.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|True Love is when you are able to see yourself in another, when you recognize that there is no separation between you and any other Being in the Universe.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Too much of anything is bad, but too much Champagne is just right.
Dave Gorman|There were no mail-order catalogues in 1492. Marco Polo's journal was the wish book of Renaissance Europe. Then, Columbus sailed the ocean blue and landed in Sears' basement. Despite all the Indians on the escalator, Columbus' visit came to be known as a "discovery.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Love is the greatest nourishment of the soul. To be loved creates a strong back bone, joy, peace and soundness.
Karen Salmansohn|Do not worry, my sweet one. You have it within you to get yourself where you need to be.
Brooke Burgess, The Cat's Maw|When things are good, it is because we remember a time when they were not. When there was pain. But now the pain is gone, so things are ‘good’. When we hurt, it is because we recall a time when we did not. When there was no pain. But now we suffer, so things are ‘bad’. The tiger sipped from the cup, peering at the boy over the rim. Stars swirled in its eyes. “Good. Bad. The cup holds both.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen|I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough.
Stephen Covey|Too many are trying to conquer higher weaknesses such as procrastination, impatience or pride while still being slaves to their appetites. If we can’t control the body and its appetites, how can we control our tongues, or overcome the emotions or anger, envy, jealousy, or hatred?
Evelyn Waugh, Labels|Every Englishman abroad, until it is proved to the contrary, likes to consider himself a traveller and not a tourist.
Karan Bajaj, Keep off the Grass|Salvation is not a reward for the righteous, it is a gift for the guilty.
Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky|There's such a big difference between being dead and alive, I told myself, the greatest gift that anyone can give anyone else is life. And the greatest sin a person can do to another is to take away that life. Next to that, all the rules and religions in the world are secondary; mere words and beliefs that people choose to believe and kill and hate by. My life won't be lived that way, and neither, I hope, will my children's.
Simone Weil, The Need for Roots: Prelude to a Declaration of Duties Towards Mankind|There must be thousands of ways to judge a person but only reason not, to know him better.
G.K. Chesterton|If I can put one touch of rosy sunset into the life of any man or woman, I shall feel that I have worked with God.
Mariska Hargitay|I am living for every day and trying to have less fear, less worry. But I have always worried about everything; it's in my nature. It's the thing that makes me suffer the most.
Richard M. Nixon|Anytime we step out boldly to make changes, we take a chance that we might fail. But the only way to get better is to try.
Dada Bhagwan|This whole world is running solely on the foundation of ‘wrong belief’. Why is there suffering in the world? It is because one has acquired the ‘wrong belief’. With the ‘right belief’, there is no suffering at all.
Derdriu in Viking Warrior by Judson Roberts|The past is like a great stone that lies on the bed of a river, hidden from view but shaping the currents of the water as it flows by. You cannot read the currents in the river of your own life, and navigate them safely, if you do not understand what causes them. You must know your past, for it will shape your future.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Leo,” Hazel gasped, “I can’t—my arms—”“Hazel,” he said. “Do you trust me?”“No!”“Me neither,” Leo admitted.
Marie Osmond|You can give your Social Security check to any organization, public or private, or to individuals. You can donate it to your favorite political party. You can give the funds to a student scholarship - for your grandchildren, for example - or to somebody who has a medical need. Or you can invest your government check in free enterprise.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Technology makes people equal, it gives them a fair advantage.
G.K. Dutta|I appreciate the apology, but understand that you've done something very bad, you used me for a long and broken me and my trust very badly that I cannot so easily forgive. Maybe this will sort itself out in the future, but at the moment, I'd prefer it if you give me some reason to forgive you.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Don't be one of those who don't want others to be empowered. Share information. Try to make the next person, smarter.
Janis Joplin|We young Filipinos are trying to make over a nation and must not halt in our march, but from time to time turn our gaze upon our elders. We shall wish to read in their countenances approval of our actions.
Sidney Sheldon|In an age when stagecraft, gauzy themes, and sound-bites have too often been substituted for leadership, Bill Clinton as a candidate made it essential to campaigning to take the specifics of governance seriously. Practical solutions were 'in;' ideology was 'out.'
Jay Kristoff, Nevernight|Your mind will serve you better than any trinket under the suns...It is a weapon...and like any weapon, you need practice to be any good at wielding it.
Jean M. Grant, A Hundred Kisses|She clambered to the shoreline. Numb and shaken, she began to dress. It wasn’t easy as she fumbled with slick fingers to put dry clothes over wet skin. She instantly regretted her naked swim. She pulled on her long-sleeved white chemise first.	She faced the forest, away from her rescuer. He quietly splashed to shore. His lifeblood burned into her back. He wasn’t far behind, but he stopped. She refused to look at him until she was fully clothed, not out of embarrassment of her nudity, but for what had just happened. He released a groan and mumbled under his breath about wet boots. His voice was not one of her father’s soldiers.	When she put the last garment on, her brown wool work kirtle, she squeezed out her sopping hair and swept her hands through the knotty mess. She fastened her belt and tied the lacings up the front of the kirtle. Blood returned to her fingertips, and she regained her composure. Belated awareness struck her, and she leaned down and searched through her bag for her dagger. She spun around.	She gasped as she saw the man sitting on the stone-covered shoreline, his wet boots off. Confusion and the hint of a scowl filled his strong-featured face. She staggered back, caught her heel on a stone, and fell, dropping the dagger. Dirt and pebbles stuck to her wet hands and feet, and she instinctively scrambled away from him.	His glower, iridescent dark blue eyes, and disheveled black hair were not unfamiliar. Staring at her was the man she had seen in her dream – it was the man from the wood.
George Graham Vest, A Tribute to the Best Friend of Man: Eulogy on the Dog|Slowly, deliberately, the dog turned from the black wolf and walked toward the man. He was a dog, and dogs chose men.
Sunday Adelaja|Unfortunately, our society is a victim of such a world system which does not encourage people to live consciously and become who they were called to be
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Prove I am wrong, I will leave this earth.
Joyce Meyer|Prayer is such a basic foundation of a Christian's relationship with God. It's how we communicate and fellowship with Him. But a surprising number of people, young and old, new and even long-time Christians, say they're not satisfied with their prayer life.
Ross Paterson, The Antioch Factor: The Hidden Message of the Book of Acts|Greatness is obedience to what Jesus said, to the commission to go to the ends of the earth. It means setting out to make some difference somewhere to someone, in the Name of Jesus Christ.
Auliq a|Everybody granted that if "Tom" were white and free it would be unquestionably right to punish him--it would be no loss to anybody; but to shut up a valuable slave for life--that was quite another matter. As soon as the Governor understood the case, he pardoned Tom at once, and the creditors sold him down the river.
Elias Canetti, The Human Province|A tormenting thought: as of a certain point, history was no longer real. Without noticing it, all mankind suddenly left reality; everything happening since then was supposedly not true; but we supposedly didn't notice. Our task would now be to find that point, and as long as we didn't have it, we would be forced to abide in our present destruction.
Kourtney Kardashian|People in north Michigan are not different at all from people in southern Alabama. Trust me, someone who's spent a lot of time in both places. They're all hardworking, simple people.
Allie Burke, Violet Midnight|He will give his life, for anything he feels has more of a right to live than he. Make no mistake, Elias. He's a Reed. It's what he does.
Leslie Starr O'Hara, The Doublespeak Dictionary: Your Guide to the Euphemisms, Dysphemisms, and Other Linguistic Contrivances of the State|He has a very nice face and style, really," said Mrs. Kenwigs."He certainly has," added Miss Petowker. "There's something in his appearance quite--dear, dear, what's the word again?""What word?" inquired Mr. Lillyvick."Why--dear me, how stupid I am!" replied Miss Petowker, hesitating. "What do you call it when lords break off doorknockers, and beat policemen, and play at coaches with other people's money, and all that sort of thing?""Aristocratic?" suggested the collector."Ah! Aristocratic," replied Miss Petowker; "something very aristocratic about him, isn't there?"The gentlemen held their peace, and smiled at each other, as who should say, "Well! there's no accounting for tastes;" but the ladies resolved unanimously that Nicholas had an aristocratic air, and nobody caring to dispute the position, it was established triumphantly.
Charles Bukowski, Play the Piano Drunk Like a Percussion Instrument Until the Fingers Begin to Bleed a Bit|I care for you, darling, I love you,the only reason I fucked L. is because you fuckedZ. and then I fucked R. and you fucked N.and because you fucked N. I had to fuckY. But I think of you constantly, I feel youhere in my belly like a baby, love I'd call it,no matter what happens I'd call it love, and soyou fucked C. and then before I could moveyou fucked W., so I had to fuck D. ButI want you to know that I love you, I think of youconstantly, I don't think I've ever loved anybodylike I love you.
Josephine Tey, The Singing Sands|It would do her good to have some demons to fight, to be swung out in space and held over some bottomless pit now and then.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|Learning by doing, peer-to-peer teaching, and computer simulation are all part of the same equation.
Jonathan Carroll, White Apples|One does not have to be Witted to know the companionship of a beast, and to know that the friendship of an animal is every bit as rich and complicated as that of a man or woman.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|Sometimes Spiro missed the times when a troublesome worker was thrown out of a high window and that was the end of him. These days, if you threw someone out of a window, they'd phone their lawyer on the way down.
Gail Carriger|I always knew that food and wine were vital, with my mother being Italian and a good cook.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|Its the journey that counts, not the arrival.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|I warn you all, hatred is finding fertile soil within me. And in your compassion, in your every good intention, you nurture it.
Kip Keino|Education is a weapon that doesn't create destruction, that creates peace
Devon Sampson|If god meant for people to talk into cellphones, he would've put our mouths on the side of our heads.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication, because life is sweet and they are growing.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|These are NOT times for dramatization and talking, but meditation and praying.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Wieża Jaskółki|They are not demons, not devils...Worse than that.They are people.
Matt Tomerlin, The Devil's Fire|Right,” Thatcher said, “let’s have a look at her.”Katherine hesitated. The kitten was fast asleep in her arms and she was afraid to wake her. “Something amiss?” Thatcher asked.Katherine giggled at her capricious emotions and shoved the kitten into the surgeon’s arms. The animal woke up as Thatcher examined it. He set the kitten on the deck and watched as she wobbled around on clumsy paws. “Yes,” Thatcher nodded conclusively. “This is indeed a cat.
Bernard Schaffer, Whitechapel: The Final Stand Of Sherlock Holmes|Listen, Stephen King used to write in the washroom of his trailer after his kids went to sleep. Harlan Ellison wrote in the stall of a bathroom of his barracks during boot camp. Elmore Leonard got up at 5 AM every morning to write before work.Every time my alarm goes off at 5 AM and I don’t want to get up, or I would rather sit down after work and play a videogame, I think about those guys. Take care of your family. They need you and love you. Make time for them. Then stop screwing around and finish your damn book.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|There are often beams in our eye that we know not of. Let us therefore ask that our eye may become single, for then we ourselves shall become wholly single.
Andrea Tornielli, El nombre de Dios es Misericordia|God awaits us with open arms; we need only to take a step toward him like the Prodigal Son. But if, weak as we are, we don't have the strength to take that step, just the desire to take it is enough.
Henry Hallett Dale|Patience is my virtue, but only in Math, Daddy,” - Ashley
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Never apologize for the good in your life. People who try to make you feel badly because you have been blessed are consumed by self-loathing. Wear your accomplishments proudly, be it your career, your relationship, your children, your success. True friends will bask in the glow of your shine, not pray for darkness to fall.
Sarah Vowell|Without the library, you have no civilization.
Haruki Murakami|Soup’s here,” Judd finally said after we watched each other for a few minutes. As I sipped the broth, Judd pretended to ignore me. I knew he wasn’t really watching television. His face was too perfectly stoic like he was working hard to make himself seem cold. “Do you want the rest?” I asked. Judd frowned at me. “If I wanted soup, I’d have ordered myself some. I’m not a dog begging for scraps.” Scowling at his ridiculous anger, I shrugged. “I don’t want to waste the rest. Can we put it in the mini fridge and I’ll eat it in the morning?” Judd’s frown eased. “Fuck it. I’ll eat it.” “No, it’s mine,” I said, standing up. “I offered and you got grumpy. Now, you can’t have it.” “I’ll just eat it after you go to sleep.” “I respect your honesty,” I said, setting the bowl into the little fridge next to the expensive treats. “It’s a rare quality in a thief.” Judd grinned.
Jancee Dunn| ... family men, Claude.""Then why aren't they home with their families?""You haven't been listening to me, Claude. It takes lots of honey to raise a family these days..." No, it isn't even that, these teddy bears don't like honey as much as they think they do. They think they're supposed to like it, the way they're supposed to like women and children. They think they're supposed to act like real grizzlies, but they don't feel it. You can't blame them, they just don't have it inside them. What they have, what they love most, is their memories: how the Coach used to shout niceworkpal whenever they caught the big ball or somehow hit the little one, how Dad used to wink when they caught one of his jokes, how when they repeated them he almost died laughing, so they told them and told them - if they told one really well he might do it. They memorized all the conversations verbatim, that about the pussies and the coons, the homers and the balls, the cams and the bearings. They're still memorizing. You can see them almost anytime you're out driving, there in the slow car just ahead, the young man at the wheel, the old man talking, the young man leaning a little to the right in order to hear better, the old man pointing out the properties, the young man looking and listening earnestly, straining to catch the old man's last word, the last joke verbatim, the last bit of know-how about the deals and the properties and the honey. When he thinks he's learned all he can from the old man, he'll shove him out of the car. You watch, next time you're out driving. "...these are the cream, Claude." These are the all-American fairies.
Debasish Mridha|A poet is an artist that paints pictures by mixing thought, imagination, and emotion with words.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|Men are brittle, I reckon. They don't bend into new shapes. They get broken into them. Crushed into them.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|Butterflies are nature’s tragic heroes. They live most of their lives being completely ordinary. And then, one day, the unexpected happens. They burst from their cocoons in a blaze of colors and become utterly extraordinary. It is the shortest phase of their lives, but it holds the greatest importance. It shows us how empowering change can be.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|And yet," said Poirot, "suppose an accident-""Ah, no, my friend-""From your point of view it would be regrettable, I agree. But nevertheless let us just for one moment suppose it. Then, perhaps, all these here are linked together - by death.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|The visitor enters and says, "What a lot of books! Have you read them all?" ...The best answer is the one always used by Roberto Leydi: "And more, dear sir, many more," which freezes the adversary and plunges him into a state of awed admiration. But I find it merciless and angst-generating. Now I have fallen back on the riposte: "No, these are the ones I have to read by the end of the month. I keep the others in my office.
Lakshmi Mittal|The best situation is being a single parent. The best part about is that you get time off, too, because the kids are with their mom, so it's the best of both worlds. There's a lot to be said for it.
Nat Turner|Time is a circus, always packing up and moving away.
Ann Aguirre, Blue Diablo|Facebook has more than 1 billion members, which by population makes it the third largest country in the world—somewhere between India and the United States. Who’s sending missionaries to that country? Who’s planting churches there?
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Chester's playing filled the station. Like ripples around a stone dropped into still water, the circles of silence spread out from the newsstand. And as people listened, a change came over their faces. Eyes that looked worried grew soft and peaceful; tongues left off chattering; and ears full of the city's rustling were rested by the cricket's melody.
Debi Mazar|I feel like I'm really blessed and lucky that I have a very good social life outside of the gym, and I have a really amazing family. My parents are so supportive. I have a younger brother and two younger sisters, and they're really awesome. So I feel like I get the best of both worlds.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|One lesson I learned from all of this, and that was a hard one, for all of the good I did people, it was never remembered. I was the one doing jail, not them. Apart from a small circle of close loyal friends, I was and am on my own.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Not a single man on earth knows from his own experience the how and where of his birth, only from tradition, which is often very uncertain.
George Orwell|What now strikes as remarkable about the new moneyed class of the nineteenth century is their complete irresponsibility;they see everything in terms of individual success, with hardly any consciousness that the community exists.
Willa Cather|Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Steve Jobs|If we pollute the air, water and soil that keep us alive and well, and destroy the biodiversity that allows natural systems to function, no amount of money will save us.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are| Where is the wise man? Where is the scribe? Where is the debater of this system of things? Has not God made the wisdom of the world foolish?  For since, in the wisdom of God, the world did not get to know God through its wisdom, God was pleased through the foolishness of what is preached to save those believing. ~ 1Corinthians 1:20,21
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred: Tamir|HAPPINESS is a choice. We all seem to be chasing it. It starts with us! True happiness is a gift that we give to ourselves, but it is also a gift that we pass to others. True happiness radiates from us and affects those around us…so the gift just keeps on giving! Every moment of the day there's a chance to create it. How? By the little and simplest ways. Doing things that we love, for our self and for others - nurtures and fulfills our soul. There will always be times of sadness in our life, we can't escape that, however, being optimistic with our thoughts at times like these we will bounce back from adversity. Most of all, be generous with your time, your compassion and your heart.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Creativity should be integral to everything that we do. Creativity should also be intrinsic to our personality, if excellence is what we seek.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|I was afraid and did not know what I feared, which is the worst kind of fear.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Killing life in whatever way, will drag you along the hell's way.
Kristy Cambron, The Illusionist's Apprentice|If there was no darkness, there would be no opportunity for light to overcome it.
Andrew Barger, The Divine Dantes: Paella in Purgatory|I'm having a stress flashback." Davy bonked his head on the table. "My brother has decided to break into the house of the richest guy in the county and seduce his sexpot daughter, under his nose.""I'm not going to seduce her," Sean said crabbily. "I'd go through the front door and talk to her right in front of her mother if I could, but those people think I'm festering sewage sludge.""No. They think you're dangerous, mentally unhinged festering sewage sludge," Davy corrected.
Jessica Coupé, Life Abundant a 30 day devotional for Latter-day Saint Women|Letting go is to love yourself enough to look at the past with a different perspective. It is to accept that you can't change the past, but that you can change whether your perspective poisons or nourishes you.
Saadi|There are times I am happy. There are times I am sad. But I always try to separate emotion from the need to reach for something stronger, deeper. And then no matter the emotion, I can reach for a stability that helps me accomplish what is the goal.
Zechariah Barrett, Project Ordine|You may have started a war,” Jean growled. “All for what?”Ammon growled back. “To take back this world! To never live in fear again!
Dennis McDougal, Privileged Son: Otis Chandler and the Rise and Fall of the L.A. Times Dynasty|In an expansive attempt to establish a foothold among California's intelligentsia and create America's first truly national newspaper, The New York Times launched a slimmed-down West Coast edition in October 1962... The result in LA was a sorry stepsister of the great gray New York Times for its West Coast readers... Reprocessed news dictated from 3,000 miles away by editors who knew zip about what made Southern California tick.
Bill Ectric, Tamper|The deep secret of the brain is that not only the spinal cord but the entire central nervous system works this way: internally generated activity is modulated by sensory input. In this view, the difference between being awake and being asleep is merely that the data coming in from the eyes anchors the perception. Asleep vision (dreaming) is perception that is not tied down to anything in the real world; waking perception is something like dreaming with a little more commitment to what´s in front of you. Other examples of unanchored perception are found in prisoners in pitch-park solitary confinement, or in people in sensory deprivation chambers. Both of these situations quickly lead to hallucinations.
John Lennon, MBE (1940-1980)|Love of sports will always break your heart, but in doing so, it reminds us we have one.
Mercy Cortez, Never Ever After: Angel|I like your anger,' the Hag said mildly. 'I like your resistance. It makes you less than courteous, but altogether more interesting.
Jodi Picoult, Picture Perfect|If you want to hurt somebody and you want to know where his vulnerable spot is you have to know him, before you can put in the right dig, that's very important.
Ira Sachs|I believe that art has been a vehicle for me that's been about enlightenment and expanding my own parameters, to give me courage to exercise the freedom that I have in life.
Tania Elizabeth, The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Mirrors Shadow|To be defeated is only a fable in which one may tell of oneself. I will try and I will try again, though never shall I call it failure. I am simply one step closer to thy truth.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Is it possible that my walls are specifically erected and intentionally reinforced out of the fear that God calls me to an existence without walls? And if this is so, do I realize that I am the warden of prison that I created in which I myself am the prisoner?
Nicole Krauss|I've never, ever, ever -- in my entire life -- fought over a man. I've fought women who've hit me because of a man, but then I was fighting to bust her ass, not defend his.
Franz Liszt|Times were changing. Clothes were changing. Morals were changing. We went from romantic loves songs like I used to do to rock 'n roll. Now that has changed to rap. So, there's always a new generation with new music.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|But until a person can say deeply and honestly, "I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday," that person cannot say, "I choose otherwise.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I walked over to the hill where we used to go and sled. There were a lot of little kids there. I watched them flying. Doing jumps and having races. And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
Kate DiCamillo, The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane|Intrusive, thoughtless people!" said K. as he turned back into the room. The supervisor may have agreed with him, at least K. thought that was what he saw from the corner of his eye. But it was just as possible that he had not even been listening as he had his hand pressed firmly down on the table and seemed to be comparing the length of his fingers.
Nia Peeples|Pay mind to your own life, your own health, and wholeness. A bleeding heart is of no help to anyone if it bleeds to death.
Dallas Willard, Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God|The union Christ had with the Father was the greatest that we can conceive of in this life—if indeed we can conceive of it. Yet we have no indication that even Jesus was constantly awash with revelations as to what he should do. His union with the Father was so great that he was at all times obedient. This obedience was something that rested in his mature will and understanding of his life before God, not on always being told “Now do this” and “Now do that” with regard to every details of his life or work.
Rebecca Eanes, The Newbie's Guide to Positive Parenting|When you've had one call after another and your little one is tugging on your shirt, remember what really matters. When the milk is splattered all over the floor and those little eyes are looking at you for your reaction, remember what really matters. It takes 5 minutes to clean up spilled milk; it takes much longer to clean up a broken spirit.
Sarah Jio, Goodnight June|I am lonely here sometimes. I'm like the gate, swinging in the breeze when I long for someone to just secure the latch and stop me from flailing about
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|The lives of all people flow through time, and, regardless of how brutal one moment may be, how filled with grief or pain or fear, time flows through all lives equally.
Dada Bhagwan|If you have a complaint about someone, then you become the accuser and the other becomes the accused. Never complain about anyone. He who brings a complaint is at fault, you should understand that first, then comes next, the talk about the accused.
Agatha Christie, The Murder of Roger Ackroyd|One must always proceed with method. I made an error of judgment asking you that question. Toeach man his own knowledge. You could tell me the details of the patient's physical appearance- nothing there would escape you. If I wanted information about the papers on the desk, Mr. Raymond would have noticed anything there was to see. To find out about the fire, I must ask the man whose business is to observe such things. - Detective Hercule Poirot to Doctor Sheppard
Mae West|Today there is no symbolic compensation for old age, no recognition of a specific value: wisdom, perceptiveness, experience, vision.
Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds|You will never know just how thrilled my heart is to behold such a throng of people; especially as they have gathered to pay tribute and love's greatest honor to loved ones who, today, are basking in the sunshine of God's heaven.
George Muller|Whether in success or in failure, I'm proud of every single movie I've ever directed.
Fletcher DeLancey, Catalyst|The answer to the drug problem is not criminalisation and incarceration, but education, regulation and treatment.
Debasish Mridha|So much to love, so much to do.So much to care just for you.
Eliza Parsons, The Girl of the Mountains|Vain mistaken mortals, who, valuing themselves on names and titles, suppose that the virtues of the mind must be attached to an empty sound, when every day's experience proves that birth is disgraced, titles rendered contemptible, and riches a curse, by the vices, meanness, and dissipation of its possessors!
Sidney Buchman, Frank Capra's Mr. Smith Goes to Washington|This is why it is not true that culture can be, even temporarily, suspended in order to make way for a new culture. Man’s unbroken testimony as to his suffering and his nobility cannot be suspended; the act of breathing cannot be suspended. There is no culture without legacy, and we cannot and must not reject anything of ours, the legacy of the West. Whatever the works of the future may be, they will bear the same secret, made up of courage and freedom, nourished by the daring of thousands of artists of all times and all nations. Yes, when modern tyranny shows us that, even when confined to his calling, the artist is a public enemy, it is right. But in this way tyranny pays its respects, through the artist, to an image of man that nothing has ever been able to crush. My conclusion will be simple. It will consist of saying, in the very midst of the sound and the fury of our history: “Let us rejoice.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|All possibilities I will attemptAnd as I am here now,Knowing what I know now,I have faith in myselfThat I will succeedAnd I will succeed.And I will succeed.
Ann Brashares|He loved her for being so beautiful, and he hated her for it. He loved how she put shiny stuff on her lips for him, and he also reviled her for it. He wanted her to walk home alone, and he wanted to run after her and grab her up before she could take another step.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Without the persistent rising up of individuals that seek the Lord and place themselves under His direct leadership, churches will inevitably...slip into human hierarchy, institutionalizing a system of doctrines and practices.
Steven Wright|I stopped smoking. But my personality I still have. I get up in the morning, and not everybody loves me, so if you want to call that a bad habit, there's that.
Walter Scott|Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own; he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|It had made her too helpless, because that's what love did. There was no way around it and no way to fight it. Now if she lost, she lost everything.
H.H. Laura, Larkspur|You came up this gut-wrenching road yesterday by yourself?" Cassie exclaimed. "You deserve a good cuffing just for driving this goat path on your own.""It's not so bad once you get used to dodging the ruts.""You've got some nerve calling these canyons ruts.""Cassandra Hudson, where is your sense of adventure?""I dropped it off going over that last rut-crossing when only two wheels were on the ground.""Those ones are a bit exhilarating, aren't they?" Alexandra shot Cassie a quick look and wink. "Keep your eyes on the road!""What road?""Exactly!
Charles Dickens|Papa, potatoes, poultry, prunes and prism, are all very good words for the lips.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|It's by stooping that fingers create a fist, and by standing tall that they give us open palms.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|Everyone should be able to do one card trick, tell two jokes, and recite three poems, in case they are ever trapped in an elevator.
Bram Stoker, The New Annotated Dracula|I suppose that we women are such cowards that we think a man will save us from fears, and we marry him.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Pops added,"you know, they say if you don't vote, you get the government you deserve.""And if you do, you never get the results you expected," (Katherine) replied.
Sir Laurens van der Post|[The] Japanese were a people in a profound, inverse, reverse, or if I preferred it, even perverse sense, more in love with death than living.
Richard Feynman, The Character of Physical Law|I happen to know this, and I happen to know that, and maybe I know that;and I work everything out from there. Tomorrow I may forgot that this is true, but remember that something else is true, so I can reconstruct it all again. I am never quite sure of where I am supposed to begin or where I am supposed to end. I just remember enough all the time so that as the memory fades and some of the pieces fall out I can put the thing back together again every day
Dianne Feinstein|Nutrition is an exciting, dynamic field - there are more than 10,000 articles published on human nutrition in medical journals every year.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|Homeward bound I suddenly noticed before me my own shadow as I had seen the shadow of the other war behind the actual one. During all this time it has never budged from me, that irremovable shadow, it hovers over every thought of mine by day and by night; perhaps its dark outline lies on some pages of this book, too. But, after all, shadows themselves are born of light. And only he who has experienced dawn and dusk, war and peace, ascent and decline, only he has truly lived.
Eli Broad|If you want to have a good life, you should focus on your family, on your business, on your dog, on your fun, and you'll have a good life.
Cynthia Russett, Sexual Science: The Victorian Constuction of Womanhood|The feminist challenge was sweeping: it embraced education andoccupation, together with legal, political, and social status. It evendared broach the subject of equality in personal, and especiallymatrimonial, relationships. Such assertiveness was more unsettlingthan the racial threat because it was more intimate and immediate:few white men lived with blacks, but most lived with women.
Ramakrishna|The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|More and more, the hardest part of crying is when I can't stop.
Marquis de Sade, Juliette|You are so civilized. So polite. So brave coming here alone when you know no one here would dare to touch you. So easy to be all those things, when all the power is on your side
Jonathan Banks|For my 23rd birthday, I received a nylon string guitar. I told myself that if I could play Eric Clapton's 'Tears In Heaven,' then I could play the guitar. I practised every chance I got, driving my housemates insane, until several weeks later I had a shaky version of the song down. I wrote my first song on the guitar a few weeks after that.
Courtney Summers, Fall for Anything|For though, as we have said, all children are heartless, this is not precisely true of teenagers. Teenage hearts are raw and new, fast and fierce, and they do not know their own strength. Neither do they know reason or restraint, and if you want to know the truth, a goodly number of grown-up hearts never learn it.
Ty Roth, So Shelly|Sorry for your loss' Gordan said.His extended hand was immediately rejected with an if-looks-could-kill stare from Shelly's father, who was, as of yet, oblivious to the fact that we had stolen the last of his daughter.'Right. Well,fuck you too.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|[I have] occasional depersonalization disorder, (which makes me feel utterly detached from reality, but in less of a "this LSD is awesome" kind of way and more of a "I wonder what my face is doing right now" and "it sure would be nice to feel emotions again" sort of thing).
Alice Thomas Ellis, The Inn at the Edge of the World|The Christmas tree is a symbol of love, not money. There's a kind of glory to them when they're all lit up that exceeds anything all the money in the world could buy.
Bill Copeland|I don't get offered many dramatic roles. As soon as my face pops up in a movie, everyone knows I'm the funny guy.
Dave Champion|I will gladly deal with the inconveniences that may attend living my life as I see fit, rather than be the kind of man who would forsake his own desires in order to seek or preserve the acceptance of lesser men.~ Dave Champion
John Van Hamersveld|Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|I have written some songs, but I would really call what I've done poetry at the end of the day, because I'll sit with my guitar for hours and hours on end for, like, a week and then I won't touch it for a month. I also just have no confidence. And you know what? I don't have time, because I'd rather be doing other things, like knitting.
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|I’m curious about everyone, hungry for everything, greedy for all ideas. My awareness that not everything can be seen, not everything read and not everything thought torments me like the loss of ..... But I don’t see with fixed attention, I don’t read with great care, and I don’t think with continuity. I’m an ardent and inconsequential dilettante in everything. My soul is too weak to sustain the force of its own enthusiasm. Made out of ruins of the unfinished, I’m definable as a landscape of resignations.
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|To join the company of women, to be adults, we go through a period of proudly boasting of having survived our own mother's indifference, anger, overpowering love, the burden of her pain, her tendency to drink or teetotal, her warmth or coldness, praise or criticism, sexual confusions or embarrassing clarity. It isn't enough that she sweat, labored, bore her daughters howling or under total anesthesia or both. No. She must be responsible for our psychic weaknesses the rest of her life. It is alright to feel kinship with your father, to forgive. We all know that. But your mother is held to a standard so exacting that it has no principles. She simply must be to blame.
Isaac Marion|And to those who would choose the safety of inaction over the danger of taking a stand, I have this to say:You bloody cowards. May you have the world that you deserve.
Rita Zoey Chin, Let the Tornado Come: A Memoir|Gloria was still talking, something about how shooting people was in a sense safer than making art, in terms of avoiding serious lapses in taste.
Joe Arpaio|I just hope I can get another personal best. If I can do that, I'll be satisfied.
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|Bad stuff happens, people are mean, there are no steps you can take that ensure the world leaves you alone. All you can do is try not to be one of those people who contributes to the bad.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I wonder if all mothers feel like this the moment they realize their daughters are growing up—as if it is impossible to believe that the laundry I once folded for her was doll-sized; as if I can still see her dancing in lazy pirouettes along the lip of the sandbox. Wasn't it yesterday that her hand was only as big as the sand dollar she found on the beach? That same hand, the one that's holding a boy's; wasn't it just holding mine, tugging so that I might stop and see the spiderweb, the milkweed pod, any of a thousand moments she wanted me to freeze? Time is an optical illusion—never quite as solid or strong as we think it is.
Sunday Adelaja|Face it, nobody owes you anything. What you achieve, or fail to achieve is directly related to what you do or fail to do.
Thomas Pynchon, The Crying of Lot 49|That’s what money will buy you, in America,” Brown had said, firmly. “People say Americans are materialistic. But do you know why?” “Why?” asked Milgrim, more concerned with this uncharacteristically expansive mode of expression on Brown’s part. “Because they have better stuff,” Brown had replied. “No other reason.
Abraham Lincoln|Don't interfere with anything in the Constitution. That must be maintained, for it is the only safeguard of our liberties.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Even under false accusation those who are in the right can afford to be calm and considerate. God is acquainted with all that is misunderstood and misinterpreted by men, and we can safely leave our case in His hands. He will as surely vindicate the cause of those who put their trust in Him as He searched out the guilt of Achan. Those who are actuated by the spirit of Christ will possess that charity which suffers long and is kind.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Listen, God love everything you love - and a mess of stuff you don't. But more than anything else, God love admiration.You saying God vain? I ast.Naw, she say. Not vain, just wanting to share a good thing. I think it pisses God off if you walk by the color purple in a field somewhere and don't notice it.What it do when it pissed off? I ast.Oh, it make something else. People think pleasing God is all God care about. But any fool living in the world can see it always trying to please us back.
Jostein Gaarder, The Solitaire Mystery|As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience.
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|The secret weapon is cucumber.'Solange sat all the way up. 'Jasmine, cover your ears.'MaryAnn, Juliette and Jasmine burst out laughing.'Sheesh, Solange. Get your mind out of the gutter.''MY mind is just fine, thank you. It's MaryAnn's I'm concerned about.''You put them on your eyes,' MaryAnn said, laughing even harder.
Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio, Pirates of the Caribbean|When you marooned me on that God forsaken spit of land, you forgot one very important thing mate. I'm Captain Jack Sparrow.
Genereux Philip|You can inspire millions through positivity and live in abundance, I did. Life is great.
Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch|I found myself thinking about President William McKinley, the third American president to be assassinated. He lived for several days after he was shot, and toward the end, his wife started crying and screaming, "I want to go, too! I want to go, too!" And with his last measure of strength, McKinley turned to her and spoke his last words: "We are all going.
Evan  Smith|When I run after what I think I want, my days are a furnace of stress and anxiety;if I sit in my own place of patience,what I need flows to me, and without pain. From this I understand that what I want also wants me,is looking for me and attracting me.There is a great secret here for anyone who can grasp it.
Kishore Bansal|I too often allow people to become a sterile commodity to be bartered in the service of my greed, and in doing something so absurdly reckless I foolishly barter away everything that meets my need.
Gordon B. Hinckley|One can be enlightened about proofs as well as theorems. Without enlightenment, one is merely reduced to memorizing proofs. With enlightenment about a proof, its flow becomes clear and it can become an item of astonishing beauty. In addition, the need to memorize disappears because the proof has become part of your soul.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|As the rain falls and the sun shines, they grow, grow, grow; minds so open, they go through life aware and accepting, seeing light where there's dark, seeing possibility in dead ends, tasting victory as others spit out failure, questioning where others accept. Just a little less jaded, a little less cynical.
Erin O'Connor|If we as a nation are to break the cycle of poverty, crime and the growing underclass of young people ill equipped to be productive citizens, we need to not only implement effective programs to prevent teen pregnancy, but we must also help those who have already given birth so that they become effective, nurturing, bonding parents.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|Just as much as you cannot stop growing feelings for a certain man, there’s no switch to turn off your heart.
Idries Shah|I am the Real, for I have not ceased to be real – through the Real.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|In relationships, everyone makes mistakes. If you are forgiven for yours, don't take it for granted.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|(Meanwhile, other people seem to be getting along with God just fine, very well indeed. Why not me?)
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|But you won’t abdicate."Of course not. It’s my duty to go on, to maintain the line. I can’t possibly fail in that. It’s as if you and I were throwing a ball back and forth to establish a record, and had been doing so for a millennium. You cannot drop a ball that has remained airborne through good effort for most of a thousand years. You cannot stop an unlikely heart that has been beating for so long. I would rather die than betray continuity, for its own sake if for nothing else. And Britain needs a king, just as it needs motormen and cooks and a prime minister. Just as it needs soldiers who will die for it if they must. It’s my job, or it will be, but you should know that I’ve never wanted it. I was only born to it, as if with a deformity, to which I hope I can respond with grace."Fredericka had been running her finger over the carpet, tracing a pattern in the way children do when they have learnt something overwhelming and are moved, but cannot say so. Freddy expected her to look up, with tears, and that in this moment she might have begun the long and arduous process of becoming a queen. She was so beautiful. To embrace her now, with high emotion flowing from her physical majesty, was all he wanted in the world. Her finger stopped moving, and she turned her eyes to him.Freddy?"Yes?" he answered.What’s raw egg? I read a recipe in She that called for a cup of raw egg. What is that?"After a long silence, Freddy asked, "Which part of the formulation escapes you? Egg? Raw? The link between the two?"The two what?"Fredericka?"Yes, Freddy?"Would you like to go dancing?"Oh, yes Freddy!"Come then. We will.
Stephen Richards|If you like who you are then losing yourself isn’t a choice! But if you don’t like yourself, get lost.
Giacomo Casanova|People who believe they have the power to exercise some measure of control over their lives are healthier, more effective and more successful than those who lack faith in their ability to effect changes in their lives.
Corey Hawkins|We don't get the greatest tools to deal with anger. It's like, 'Hey, count to 10.' When someone really upsets me, how do I respond? I don't usually start counting to 10 and breathing deeply.
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|The declining of responsibility for the self can also be hidden behind a pseudo-objectivity. A patient may make astute observations about himself and give a fairly accurate report of what he dislikes in himself. On the surface it seems as though he is perceptive and honest about himself. But "he" may be merely the intelligent observer of a fellow who is inhibited, fearful, or arrogantly demanding. Hence, since he is not responsible for the fellow he observes, the hurt to his pride is cushioned—all the moreso because the flashlight of his pride is focused on his faculty for keen observations.
Jack Kerouac, Desolation Angels|So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless and don't be sorry
V.C. Andrews, Seeds of Yesterday|The sun was hot and bright. A day for fishing, for swimming, for playing tennis and having fun, and they put my Christopher in the ground.
Natalie Goldberg|As writers we live life twice, like a cow that eats its food once and then regurgitates it to chew and digest it again. We have a second chance at biting into our experience and examining it. ...This is our life and it's not going to last forever. There isn't time to talk about someday writing that short story or poem or novel. Slow down now, touch what is around you, and out of care and compassion for each moment and detail, put pen to paper and begin to write.
Tiffany Reisz, The Night Mark|The ocean is a rolling field of the bluest crop I've ever seen, filling our view two days after escaping the guards. The sea touches the horizon, swaying and moving like a living, breathing being beneath a lid of white clouds and sunshine. It's possibly the most beautiful thing in the world.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Ashley watched her go and saw her square her small shoulders as she went. And that gesture went to his heart, more than any words she had spoken.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Compassion is not complete in itself, but must be accompanied by inflexible justice and wrath against sin and a desire for holiness.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians|An authors publication date never matters, a book not read yet will always be New"...
Art Buchwald|You fight, you try your best, but if you lose, you don't have to break five racquets and smash up the locker room. You can do those things, but when you've finished, nothing's changed. You've still lost. If something positive came from that, I probably would do it. But I see only negativity.
Hubert Martin|Anyone who claims good or evil isn't one or either, they're just a liar... the worst kind of liar... the liar that doesn't even know they're lying. We're human. We're good during the day and evil at night, half the time those roles are reversed, that's what it's all about.
Charles W. Chesnutt|As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust.
Hannah Anderson, Humble Roots: How Humility Grounds and Nourishes Your Soul|I absolutely know that you can, under your own steam, dissolve the shell that separates you from a higher experience of Self and a much better life. You don't need gurus or to be catapulted into super-natural experiences by dramatic events — you are becoming such a high-frequency being right here in your physical body, that what used to be meta-physical, trans-personal, and para-normal is now almost ordinary." —from Frequency: The Power of Personal Vibration
Anthony Rubino Jr., Life Lessons from Melrose Place|If you're in the middle of a monumental and devastating life crisis, hang in there. It'll be over in about an hour. Two hours, tops.
Bradley B. Dalina|Simplicity make no mans great, but makes life easier and not complicated.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not only believe, affirm and act the sacred words of God.
Trevor Noah|It may be true that the only reason the comic book industry now exists is for this purpose, to create characters for movies, board games and other types of merchandise.
David Petraeus|I hope to submit to the little pamphlet magazines here 'freelance' and perhaps shall join the Labour Club, as I really want to become informed on politics, and it seems to have an excellent program. I am definitely not a Conservative, and the Liberals are too vague and close to the latter.
Sonia Sanchez|Come windless invaderI am a carnival ofStars, a poem of blood.
Fredric Jameson|The right of petition, I have said, was not conferred on the People by the Constitution, but was a pre-existing right, reserved by the People out of the grants of power made to Congress.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|You can't give her that!' she screamed. 'It's not safe!'IT'S A SWORD, said the Hogfather. THEY'RE NOT MEANT TO BE SAFE.'She's a child!' shouted Crumley.IT'S EDUCATIONAL.'What if she cuts herself?'THAT WILL BE AN IMPORTANT LESSON.
Shaun Hick, The Ghost And Its Shadow|Yes, please leave us, the mere presence of beings like yourselves is intensely painful to us.
Patti   Davis, Two Cats and the Woman They Own: or Lessons I Learned from My Cats|Life Lesson 3: You can't rush grief. It has its own timetable. All you can do is make sure there are lots of soft places around -- beds, pillows, arms, laps.
Arthur Miller|Happy the man  and happy he alone He can call today his own. He who  secure within can say  "Tomorrow  do thy worst  for I have lived today."
Mike McRae, Tribal Science: Brains, Beliefs, and Bad Ideas|Sadly, because of our tribal brains, science carries a hefty cost. Treasured ideas that are loved by the community may be left behind, unable to compete with conflicting observations. Admired heroes may be found to have been mistaken. Years of hard work can amount to nothing thanks to a single observation, making a lifetime of effort seem like a waste of time. For our tribal brain, the philosopher’s toolbox is full of double-edged knives, capable of cutting away our hopes with the myths.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Waking up is the dangerous act of worship. It's dangerous because worship is meant to produce lives fully attentive to reality as God sees it, and that's more than most of us want to deal with.
Benjamin Franklin|Before the throne of the Almighty, man will be judged not by his acts but by his intentions. For God alone reads our hearts.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|That nice feeling when you look in the mirror, and your hair's right for the first time in your life? I don;t think we should base so much on weight, muscles, and a good hair day, but when it happens, it's nice. It really is.
Paul Valéry|What one wrote playfully, another reads with tension and passion; what one wrote with tension and passion, another reads playfully.
Sarah Reijonen, Country Girl: Letting Love & Wanderlust Take the Reins|I ease into the idea of letting go of control and simply let life take the reins. And when I don't hold it so tightly, it doesn't thrash against me so wildly. It calms to a trot and allows me to take in the scenery, experience love, and learn what is important in this world: people, places, memories—not things or perceptions.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Arrived at an age when others had already long been married and had children and held important positions, and were obliged to produce the best that was in them with all their energy, I still regarded myself as youthful, a beginner who faced immeasurable time, and I was hesitant about final decisions of any kind.
Julia Quinn, An Offer From a Gentleman|It suddenly made sense. Only twice in his life had he felt this inexplicable, almost mystical attraction to a woman. He’d thought it remarkable, to have found two, when in his heart he’d always believed there was only one perfect woman out there for him. His heart had been right. There was only one.
Stephen Colbert|Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|When you stay in your comfort zone, you are not learning.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|Michelle had great admiration for criminals and crime, though only from a distance.
Amanda Lindhout, A House in the Sky|I, too, was carrying around my own fate. All the things I couldn't know sat somewhere inside, embroidered into me-maybe not quite fixed to the point of inevitability but waiting, in any event, for a chance to unspool.
Alfred de Musset, Lorenzaccio|The blood of my motherland waters a magic plant that cures all ills. That plant is art, and sometimes art needs corruption as a kind of fertilizer
Frank Butcher, Atheist Responses to Religious Arguments|The sword is a handle onto the Way of the world that is offering itself to you. If you are willful it will weigh a ton and wear you out. If you lose focus it will cut open your hand. Mindfulness keeps your mind on the blade; and if you are mindful you will not think about the future or past, there will be no blocks to the flow of Tao, and the Way of the world will flow through the sword and through you. You will become the sword of the world.
James Dashner, The Death Cure|Throughout his life, whenever he became convinced that a course of action was right, the desire to follow it had come automatically.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|Besides, I'm not jealous. I'm just so in love with you that there isn't anything else.
Pete Hamill|It was a very profound experience, getting in touch with that part of us, in all of us human beings, that is committed beyond yourself to the point of giving everything you have, including your life, for other people, for your fellow man.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Tell me your thinking, and I’ll tell you what your life looks like.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|We do not have to spend money and go hungry and struggle and study to become sensual; we always were. We need not believe we must somehow earn good erotic care; we always deserved it. Femaleness and its sexuality are beautiful. Women have long secretly suspected as much. In that sexuality, women are physically beautiful already; superb; breathtaking.Many, many men see this way too. A man who wants to define himself as a real lover of women admires what shows of her past on a woman's face, before she ever saw him, and the adventures and stresses that her body has undergone, the scars of trauma, the changes of childbirth, her distinguishing characteristics, the light is her expression. The number of men who already see in this way is far greater than the arbiters of mass culture would lead us to believe, since the story they need to tell ends with the opposite moral.
Kip Pardue|There are many amazing female directors that made work in more skewed times, so we should be thankful for the boundaries they pushed through.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|At the end of the day, it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished. It's about what you've done with those accomplishments. Its about who you've lifted up, who you've made better. It about what you've given back" (23).
Elvis Mitchell|The first footfalls on Mars will mark a historic milestone, an enterprise that requires human tenacity matched with technology to anchor ourselves on another world.
Leena Ahmad Almashat, Harmony Letters|A Rule: Life without Islam is a naked tree,Birds without trees can never feel free.
Benjamin Franklin|The income tax is a twentieth-century socialist experiment that has failed. Before the income tax was imposed on us just 80 years ago, government had no claim to our income. Only sales, excise, and tariff taxes were allowed.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Song for the Puberty Rite of a Girl Named Cowaka:A poor man takes the songs in his hand And drops them near the place where the sun sets. See, Cowaka, run to them and take them in your hand, And place them under the sunset.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Dream, live it and make it happen! As impossible as it may look and sound, this kind of thinking and attitude are what will keep us going.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|Jakie, is it my birthday or am I dying?" (Seeing all her children assembled at her bedside in her last illness.)
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|I suppose we must work on being gracious and grateful until we can do for ourselves. Someday the wheel of fate will put us in a position to be of use to them, and we will remember how much easier it is to give help than it is to accept it.
Saurabh Sharma|I have read a lot about God and soul, but I have no experience of it; my name is Mind.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Everything is a tool - a boot, a sled, a dog - and a hand, an arm, even a man! If it breaks down you throw it away and you march on! It's brutal, yes! And it's ugly. But anything else is sentiment and it will kill you.
Emily Perkins, Novel About My Wife|She has to live, Eliott. I owe her a lifetime of apologies.”“Sometimes I think that’s all we owe our parents.
Louise Penny|They'd crossed over to that continent where grieving parents lived. It looked the same as the rest of the world, but wasn't. Colors bled pale. Music was just notes. Books no longer transported or comforted, not fully. Never again. Food was nutrition, little more. Breaths were sighs. And they knew something the rest didn't. They knew how lucky the rest of the world was.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Catherine had never wanted comfort more, and [Henry] looked as if he was aware of it.
Marcus Brotherton, We Who Are Alive and Remain: Untold Stories from the Band of Brothers|In our human imagination, we so often perceive our Heroes to be something larger than life. We exalt them in ways that do them a disservice....we convince ourselves that they are or were something essentially different than the rest of us.
Toni Morrison|The Nobel Prize is the best thing that can happen to a writer in terms of how it affects your contracts, the publishers, and the seriousness with which your work is taken. On the other hand, it does interfere with your private life, or it can if you let it, and it has zero effect on the writing.It doesn't help you write better and if you let it, it will intimidate you about future projects.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|It was a strange feeling, like touching a void.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
Danila Botha, Too Much on the Inside|There’s something about her, I remember thinking, a little mysterious. I tried to absorb the feeling for as long as I could before I went back to work. I tried not to think about it. Feelings throw everything off.
Tucker Carlson|The parents of teenagers would love to have a car that won't go very far or go very fast. They could just cruise around the neighborhood, drive it to school, see their friends, plug it in overnight.
Jay Woodman|You can Transform into a Super-Soul! If you align your physical and mental (logical/emotional) self with your core self (or soul being), then you will know your personal path, and find ways to follow it to fulfillment. You can learn how to best nurture your body, plus train your mind as an empowering tool to enhance your overall balance, strength, and unique skills, so that you achieve your goals, as well as optimise your well-being.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Each day is a new opportunity to make ourselves better. Don't wait for things to change, become the change.
Thomas Merton|To allow oneself to be carried awayBy a multitude of conflicting concerns,To surrender to too many demands,...To commit oneself to too many projects,To want to help everyone with everythingIs to succumb to violence.
Karen DeCrow|The evolution of the plaza always came from the idea of just a really good place to ride a skateboard that you could ride at anytime, and that's what the foundation always stands for - being a place that's free, open and legal... for those that are technical, to do really hard stuff, and for those who are learning, to just have fun.
Bikash  Chaurasiya|They make me...they make me think of being stuck somewhere? I don't know, like weighted down, but then these patches...
Charles Kingsley|The bitterest creature under heaven is the wife who discovers that her husband's bravery is only bravado, that his strength is only a uniform, that his power is but a gun in the hands of a fool.
Abby Lass|They told me adventures were over, so I got off the internet and got on a plane. They told me kindness was a thing of the past, so I spent a year helping others in need. They told me love was dead, so I fell into it. Head over heels.
Paul Theroux|A travel book is about someone who goes somewhere, travels on the ground, sees something and spends quite a lot of time doing it, and has a hard time, and then comes back and writes about it. It's not about inventing.
Danilo Vukovljak|My father told me once "Son, there are only two kinds people that can do whatever they want in life. Kings and fools.". So I decided to be a King.
Richard Simmons|Religion can emerge in all forms of feeling: here wild anger, there the sweetest pain; here consuming hatred, there the childlike smile of serene humility.
Vince Flynn, Extreme Measures|I have nothing but contempt for the kind of governor who is afraid, for whatever reason, to follow the course that he knows is best for the State.
Jennifer Mardoll, The Sarrington Estate|Who was more conscious than the soldier of capricious fortune, of the random roll of the dice?
Angelica Hopes|True understanding involves sincere honesty and holistic, deep listening without the political corruption of evil power players. ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my book K.H. trilogy
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|Until then I had always thought of loneliness as something negative—an absence of company, and, of course, something temporary... That day I had learned that it was much more. It was something which could press and oppress, could distort the ordinary and play tricks with the mind. Something which lurked inimically all around, stretching the nerves and twanging them with alarms, never letting one forget that there was no one to help, no one to care. It showed one as an atom adrift in vastness, and it waited all the time its chance to frighten and frighten horribly—that was what loneliness was really trying to do; and that was what one must never let it do...
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|Questions, inside the larger mystery of sorrow, which contains us and our daily transit, and is large enough indeed to contain the whole shifting tidal theater where I make small constructions, my metaphors, my defenses. Against which I play out theories, doubts, certainties bright as high tide in sunlight, which shift just as that brightness does, in fog or rain.
H. Rider Haggard, Hunter Quatermain's Story: The Uncollected Adventures of Allan Quatermain|I am glad to see that you have enough imagination not to be altogether a fool... Yes, it is want of imagination that makes people fools; they won't believe what they can't understand.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Some people have difficulty releasing control. It comes down to trust. When they trust themselves, as well as their partner, enough to relinquish their will, it can be emancipating.
Lisa Scottoline, Look Again|Writing had always helped her, before. It always clarified her feelings and her thoughts, and she never felt like she could understand something fully until the very minute that she'd written about it, as if each story was one she told herself and her readers, at the same time.
Richard Paul Evans, Grace|It's been said that parents should give their children roots and wings. That was a perfect description of my parents. Even in a wheelchair, my father was a dreamer with his head in the clouds and my mother was the roots with both feet planted firmly on terra quaking firma.
Abraham H. Maslow|When last did u sit back and took an opportunity to lookup and thank the Heavens above for blessing you with what you have and continuing to open doors for you every time you knock "and sometimes letting you in through the window" because not all doors are as beautiful on the inside as they are on the inside
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Remarkable, really, the lengths to which humans will go to fit things into their version of reality.
Kavita Kané, Karna's Wife: The Outcast's Queen|Karna gave a mirthless smile and replied evenly,'What is the use of a competition if one cannot be compared with others? Talk is the weapon of the weak; release your arrows instead of hollow words.
Paul Majkut, Stench of the Word|Fear mankind most when he fights with a consuming passion for what he perceives to be true." ~ Demo Cratia.
Masashi Kishimoto|When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
Charles Spurgeon|No lover, if he be of good faith, and sincere, will deny he would prefer to see his mistress dead than unfaithful.
Shah Rukh Khan|Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone
Henry Ward Beecher|A fly sat on the chariot wheel And said "What a dust I raise."
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 3|All good children's stories are the same: young creature breaks rules, has incredible adventure, then returns home with the knowledge that aforementioned rules are there for a reason.Of course, the actual message to the careful reader is: break rules as often as you can, because who the hell doesn't want to have an adventure?
Malcolm Turnbull|When I decided to be a singer, my mother warned me I'd be alone a lot. Basically we all are.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Inventors make something out of anything, but God makes something out of nothing. Elohim needs no raw materials.
B.R. Ambedkar, The Annihilation of Caste|The Hindus criticise the Mahomedans for having spread their religion by the use of the sword. They also ridicule Christianity on the score of the Inquisition. But really speaking, who is better and more worthy of our respect—the Mahomedans and Christians who attempted to thrust down the throats of unwilling persons what they regarded as necessary for their salvation, or the Hindu who would not spread the light, who would endeavour to keep others in darkness, who would not consent to share his intellectual and social inheritance with those who are ready and willing to make it a part of their own make-up? I have no hesitation in saying that if the Mahomedan has been cruel, the Hindu has been mean; and meanness is worse than cruelty.
Rodney  Page, The Resistance Revolution|Don't get hooked on taking identity in illness and diagnosis, there is only a body in balance or a body out of balance. Get your body balanced.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Every journey begins with the first step of articulating the intention, and then becoming the intention.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I find that I spend a tremendous amount of time chasing the praises of men rather than sitting with the praises of God. The former is something I attempt to catch, the latter catches me.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Well, heaven forgive him! and forgive us all! Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall: Some run from brakes of ice, and answer none: And some condemned for a fault alone.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He spoke as if the answer were a matter of indifference to him. But it was not so. For all his pain, he longed to see the author of it. Although he hated Margaret at times, when he thought of that gentle familiar attitude and all the attendant circumstances, he had a restless desire to renew her picture in his mind--a longing for the very atmosphere she breathed. He was in the Charybdis of passion, and must perforce circle and circle ever nearer round the fatal centre.
R.D. Laing|You don't love me.. Believe me! You don't love anyone. How could you? And no one loves you. How could they? Except me, it's only because I love you that I'm telling you all this. I Love you.. R. D. Laing.
Erin Kellison, Scrape|King shrugged and looked back at Harlen. "Please tell me you have a plan. Because my baby girl really likes to color with me.
Ray Bradbury|Love what you do and do what you love. Don't listen to anyone else who tells you not to do it. You do what you want, what you love. Imagination should be the center of your life.
Nikki Rae, Sunshine|Monsters are very real. But they're not just creatures. Monsters are everywhere. They're people. They're nightmares...They are the things that we harbor within ourselves. If you remember one thing, even above remembering me, remember that there is not a monster dreamt that hasn't walked once within the soul of a man.
Arash Pakravesh, Love Story|Let us think, let us loveJust for a day, just for a nightLet us find peace and happinessDeep in our heart with spiritual light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you count your blessings, you will know, they outnumber your troubles.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|I do, and the now-familiar warmth of his lips steadies me. He tastes of salt and the wine we shared with the others at our small farewell party.Aladdin pulls away first and lifts one of my hands to his lips, kissing the delicate henna patterns on my skin, then turning my arm over to kiss the inside of my wrist. The ship’s crew makes themselves busy on the other side of the ship, giving us privacy.“You’re the most beautiful girl in the world,” Aladdin murmurs. “Have I ever told you that?”“Enough to make me wonder if your father was a parrot.
Newpostcard|Just write it,Because it is the next best thing of the world.
Gerard Manley Hopkins|O the mind, mind has mountains; cliffs of fallFrightful, sheer, no-man-fathomed.
Abhishek Singh Sikarwar|Will you wear my ring so all the world knows yer mine?"Beck wasn't asking for her hand in marriage, but it was so close he might as well be. Riley was deeply touched and she struggled to find the right words."Yes," she began. "I'd be proud to.
Marjane Satrapi|I think I've always been somebody, since the deaths of my father and brother, who was afraid to hope. So, I was more prepared for failure and for rejection than for success.
Lisa Berne, The Laird Takes a Bride|But still he remembered wondering, at the age of ten, is it better to be safe or to be free?
Hannah Harding|You'll never know the kind of person you could be until you take that first step, all alone, into the great unknown. Very few take the step.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|God and religion before every thing!' Dante cried. 'God and religion before the world.' Mr Casey raised his clenched fist and brought it down on the table with a crash.'Very well then,' he shouted hoarsely, 'if it comes to that, no God for Ireland!''John! John!' cried Mr Dedalus, seizing his guest by the coat sleeve. Dante stared across the table, her cheeks shaking. Mr Casey struggled up from his chair and bent across the table towards her, scraping the air from before his eyes with one hand as though he were tearing aside a cobweb. 'No God for Ireland!' he cried, 'We have had too much God in Ireland. Away with God!
Spencer Gordon, Cosmo|An entire life spent reading would have fulfilled my every desire; I already knew that at the age of seven. The texture of the world is painful, inadequate; unalterable, or so it seems to me. Really, I believe that an entire life spent reading would have suited me best.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is abundant, but wisdom is rare.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|My whole theory of writing I can sum up in one sentence. An author ought to write for the youth of his own generation, the critics of the next, and the schoolmasters of ever afterward.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|It is therefore of supreme importance that we consent to live not for ourselves but for others. When we do this we will be able first of all to face and accept our own limitations. As long as we secretly adore ourselves, our own deficiencies will remain to torture us with an apparent defilement. But if we live for others, we will gradually discover that no expects us to be 'as gods'. We will see that we are human, like everyone else, that we all have weaknesses and deficiencies, and that these limitations of ours play a most important part in all our lives. It is because of them that we need others and others need us. We are not all weak in the same spots, and so we supplement and complete one another, each one making up in himself for the lack in another.
Paulo Coelho|Ghosts... they are the completions of the deads intended gestures, there unfinished plans still hanging in the air - something like when you forgot one thing and so you pantomime the motion.
Thomas Sowell|There is an increasingly pervasive sense not only of failure, but of futility. The legislative process has become a cruel shell game and the service system has become a bureaucratic maze, inefficient, incomprehensible, and inaccessible.
Steve Maraboli|Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
Chris Hadfield|In giving us children, God places us in a position of both leadership and service. He calls us to give up our lives for someone else's sake - to abandon our own desires and put our child's interests first. Yet, according to His perfect design, it is through this selflessness that we can become truly fulfilled.
Sunday Adelaja|The knowledge that God lives in us will destroy all the limitations in the mind of those who have the name of Christ, but yet are weak
Louis Theroux|Turing was a quite brilliant mathematician, most famous for his work on breaking the German Enigma codes. It is no exaggeration to say that, without his outstanding contribution, the history of the Second World War could have been very different.
Chad Lindberg|I have this complex. I don't like too much exposure. I don't know why it is. Maybe it's bred in me, because my dad always told me to be humble and don't think you're too good.
Anna Akana|Ultimately, we'll help the people we discriminate against if we try to understand more about them; genetics will lead to a world where there is a sympathy for the underdog.
Robertson Davies|I still love to eat, and my diet isn't perfect.
Linden Morningstar, Gloria Rising|Jean shifted his commentary from his guard to me. “Drusilla, a grievance must be made against these ruffians and thieves. They have stolen my clothing and given me only this…this….” He ran out of words.“Ugly-ass orange jumpsuit?” I offered, always ready to help Jean with his command of modern English. “Oui, exactement. I demand that you obtain my release, tout de suite. And you must know, a woman who allows her husband to remain in such conditions for an entire evening must face reprimand.”I leaned back in the chair and crossed my arms. “And you must know that, in this day and age, should a man reprimand his wife too much, said wife might leave her husband to enjoy a longer time in his prison cell wearing his ugly-ass orange jumpsuit.
Thomas Wolfe, You Can't Go Home Again|A strong and well-constituted man digests his experiences (deeds and misdeeds all included) just as he digests his meats, even when he has some tough morsels to swallow. 
Tess Gerritsen, The Surgeon|I’m a dinosaur, he thought, lumbering through a world where truthtellersare despised.
Martin Henderson|So my father was a person who never lied to me. If I had a question, he answered it. I knew a lot of things at a young age because I was intrigued.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Einmal ist keinmal, says Tomas to himself. What happens but once, says the German adage, might as well not have happened at all. If we have only one life to live, we might as well not have lived at all.
Jane Goodall|The only thing is, people have to develop courage. It is most important of all the virtues. Because without courage, you can't practice any other virtues consistently.
George R.R. Martin|Dr. King's policy was that nonviolence would achieve the gains for black people in the United States. His major assumption was that if you are nonviolent, if you suffer, your opponent will see your suffering and will be moved to change his heart. That's very good. He only made one fallacious assumption: In order for nonviolence to work, your opponent must have a conscience. The United States has none.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The poor are always prophetic. As true prophets always point out, they reveal God's design. That is why we should take time to listen to them. And that means staying near them, because they speak quietly and infrequently; they are afraid to speak out, they lack confidence in themselves because they have been broken and oppressed. But if we listen to them, they will bring us back to the essential.
David M. Ewalt, Of Dice and Men: The Story of Dungeons & Dragons and the People Who Play It|Grammar, which knows how to control even kings.
Michelle Obama|We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains.
Lana Del Rey|Find someone who has a life that you want and figure out how they got it. Read books, pick your role models wisely. Find out what they did and do it.
Monica Johnson|Courts have long recognized the federal government's robust power to inspect people and goods entering the country. After all, the very foundation of national sovereignty is a nation's ability to protect its borders.
Pittacus Lore|Even when the world throws it worst and then turns in its back, there is still always hope
Philip Kerr|Don't get me wrong: I can and do waste time on the Internet with the best of them, but in some respects, I am an embarrassingly analog guy. I am not on Facebook. I write whole books on yellow legal pads. I do not own a cell phone.
P.G. Wodehouse, Summer Moonshine|Like so many substantial citizens of America, he had married young and kept on marrying, springing from blonde to blonde like the chamois of the Alps leaping from crag to crag.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|Great nations, and even medium-sized ones, can always seek revision of frontiers by normal diplomatic means - if the political climate is favourable. No propaganda or previous jockeying for position is necessary, for if the right moment is chosen and there are good reasons for a change, then there is nothing to stop anyone from putting forward proposals for territorial adjustments...It is always possible to keep alive certain issues with propaganda abroad, but the acquisition of territory needs quiet patient work. No doubt it can be a help if the world gets to know about the existence of such a problem, but it is not until the world is convinced of injustice that redress can follow.
Noorilhuda, Catharsis|Aurora, you're a child, live like one, don't act like one. Enjoy the innocence, dump the immaturity.
Amitav Chowdhury|For convenience sake, we deny the truth and look past it. Instant pleasure transforms quietly into immense pain.
F. Sionil José, Gagamba: The Spider Man|Only with steadfast memories can we now be strong so as to undo the mistakes of the past, to begin anew and build from the rubble of their betrayal...
Eliza Cook|How cruelly sweet are the echoes that start, when memory plays an old tune on the heart!
Osho, Fear: Understanding and Accepting the Insecurities of Life|Fear is always around some desire. You want to become a famous man, the most famous man in the world- then there is fear. What if you cannot make it? Fear comes. You want to become the richest man in the world. What if you don't succeed? You start trembling; fear comes. You want to possess a woman and you are afraid that tomorrow you may not be able to hold on to her, she may go to somebody else.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Life is sacred and given to us by God; for that reason we must never condone the deliberate, unnatural taking of life.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Czas pogardy|Then the prophetess said to the witcher: "I shall give you this advice: wear boots made of iron, takein hand a staff of steel. Then walk until the end of the world. Help yourself with your staff to break the land before you and wet it with your tears. Go through fire and water, do not stop along the way,do not look behind you. And when the boots are worn, when your staff is blunt, once the wind and the heat has dried your eyes so that your tears no longer flow, then at the end of the world you mayfind what you are looking for and what you love...The witcher went through fire and water, he did not look back. He did not take iron boots or a staffof steel. He took only his sword. He did not listen to the words of prophets. And he did well because she was a bad prophet.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina| I’ve never seen exquisite fallen beings, and I never shall see them, but such creatures as that painted Frenchwoman at the counter with the ringlets are vermin to my mind, and all fallen women are the same.’	  ‘But the Magdalen?’	  ‘Ah, drop that! Christ would never have said those words if He had known how they would be abused. Of all the Gospel those words are the only ones remembered. 
Jon Stewart|By the way, when you finish the bottle of Crown Royal, you can still use the pouch to hold your broken dreams.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|One person with a divine purpose, passion and power is better than 99 people who are merely interested. Passion is stronger than interest.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|Honestly, I don't even like my type of girl that much, let alone other types. Not that I'm asexual or something - I just find Romance Drama unbearable.
Carol Ryrie Brink, Caddie Woodlawn's Family|In case you’re not bright enough to figure it out, there’s a real upside to having a sinner like me answer your phone. I lie, and your conscience stays clear.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|If you take things the wrong way, be aware of which end is up
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|It is often only when we have the occasion to taste, once again, that which we have lost, that the floodgates open and we are undefendably, confronted with the full experience of the loss."From The Island of Serenity, Book 1, Survival, new edition
Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound|For somehow this is tyranny's disease, to trust no friends.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|The black thing in her brain and the dark water on the page were the same thing, a form of knowledge. This is how myths work. They are things, creatures, stories, inhabiting the mind. They cannot be explained and do not explain; they are neither creeds nor allegories. The black was now in the thin child’s head and was part of the way she took in every new thing she encountered.
Deyth Banger|What will happen if you can travel in somebody's memories??To see did he done this crime, who kill this woman, or this man, what he has done, what he is planning what happen then if we know this??
David Levithan, Every You, Every Me|You don't know me. You know one me, just like I know one you. And you can't know every me, and I can't know every you.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Being anonymous on help, it's feel's awesome.
Sunday Adelaja|To be successful, you must leave the church walls behind and go out
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|If you are not afraid of the voices inside you, you will not fear the critics outside you.
Mustafa Saifuddin|You couldn’t control how your story started, but you can write a few good pages in there
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He was troubled; this brain, so limpid in its blindness, had lost its transparency; there was a cloud in this crystal.
Emily Tilton, Tamed by the Highlander|You have no idea what you have just unleashed, boy.
Laini Taylor|There is nothing quite so beautiful as the written word -worn as a jewel, adorning the segmented lines of papyrus".
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|The longing for peace has essentially come from troubled minds, minds that are torturing themselves. For them, peace is a big commodity that they have to seek. If you are not using your mind for self-torture, why would you think of peace? Would you seek the exuberance of life or would you seek peace? Only if you have become an expert in self-torture, peace seems to be the greatest thing.
Tracy K. Smith, Life on Mars|A child said, What is the grass? fetching it to me will full hands; How could I answer the child?......I do not know what it is any more than he. I guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green stuff woven. There was the hope Dr. Holden had talked about-the grass was a metaphor for his hope. But that"s not all. He continues, Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord, A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropped, Like grass is a metaphor for God's greatness or something.... And then soon after is itself a child.... And then soon after that, Or, I guess it is a uniform hieroglyphic, And it means, Sprouting alike in broadzones and narrow zones. Growing among black folk as among white.
Herbert Read|The war on terror, I believe, will be waged by effective intelligence and police work and cruise missiles.
Joanna Southcott|I had a job when I was 15 working at a supermarket, and I knocked over a stack of plastic coffee cups. In my anger, I threw one at a concrete wall, and it rebounded back into my head and cut my head open. Stupidest way to get a scar, but it's one that I have.
Salman Rushdie, Step Across This Line: Collected Nonfiction 1992-2002|The fundamentalist seeks to bring down a great deal more than buildings. Such people are against, to offer just a brief list, freedom of speech, a multi-party political system, universal adult suffrage, accountable government, Jews, homosexuals, women's rights, pluralism, secularism, short skirts, dancing, beardlessness, evolution theory, sex. There are tyrants, not Muslims.United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has said that we should now define ourselves not only by what we are for but by what we are against. I would reverse that proposition, because in the present instance what we are against is a no brainer. Suicidist assassins ram wide-bodied aircraft into the World Trade Center and Pentagon and kill thousands of people: um, I'm against that. But what are we for? What will we risk our lives to defend? Can we unanimously concur that all the items in the preceding list -- yes, even the short skirts and the dancing -- are worth dying for?The fundamentalist believes that we believe in nothing. In his world-view, he has his absolute certainties, while we are sunk in sybaritic indulgences. To prove him wrong, we must first know that he is wrong. We must agree on what matters: kissing in public places, bacon sandwiches, disagreement, cutting-edge fashion, literature, generosity, water, a more equitable distribution of the world's resources, movies, music, freedom of thought, beauty, love. These will be our weapons. Not by making war but by the unafraid way we choose to live shall we defeat them.How to defeat terrorism? Don't be terrorized. Don't let fear rule your life. Even if you are scared.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|Those who love much, do much and accomplish much, and whatever is done with love is done well.... Love is the best and noblest thing in the human heart, especially when it is tested by life as gold is tested by fire. Happy is he who has loved much, and although he may have wavered and doubted, he has kept that divine spark alive and returned to what was in the beginning and ever shall be. If only one keeps loving faithfully what is truly worth loving and does not squander one's love on trivial and insignificant and meaningless things then one will gradually obtain more light and grow stronger.
Donna Grant, Dark Craving|There are things about me I can no' tell you, Cassie, no matter how much I want to. Can you accept that?""Are you married?"He shook his head."Are you some kind of criminal?"This time he gave a slight smile as he shook his head..."Then I can accept it," she whispered.
Julian Barnes, Talking It Over|But I don't remember. I won't remember. Memory is an act of will, and so is forgetting.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|I walked alone through the twilit street. The wind was whirling, driving, carrying me like a slip of paper. Fragments of cast-iron sky flew and flew-they had another day, two days to hurtle through infinity… The unifs of passersby brushed against me, but I walked alone. I saw it clearly: everyone was saved, but there was no salvation for me. I did not want salvation …"(c)
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|I was once a man, not a great man, not a saintly man, but a good man, and a man nonetheless.
Summer Sanders|Each minute is a little thing, and yet, with respect to our personal productivity, to manage the minute is the secret of success.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|From the cradle to the grave, all I want is you.
Catherine Helen Spence|Any intelligent woman who reads the marriage contract, and then goes into it, deserves all the consequences.
Laurel A. Rockefeller, The Ghosts of the Past|Love for the beauty of the soul. I shall love you always. When the flower of life has gone, ever I shall find you. When all is lost and winter comes, I shall be your spring time. And memory fades and wilts then, I shall always find you.... I shall always find you....
Brett Butler|When asked what he would do if he found a million dollars: "I would try to find the person that lost it  and if he was poor - I'd give it back."
Muhammad Zaki|The art is not, to tell. The art is, not to tell.
Richard House, The Kills|Chief Wimbe also loved his cat, which was black and white but had no name. In Malawi, only dogs are given names, I don't know why.
Toni Blake, One Reckless Summer|So, for her, I'll try. I'll trust. I'll ... open myself. I'll ... be this guy I've never been before and don't even known how to be—this goofy "in love" guy, this guy who takes care of his woman, this guy who gives more than he takes.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What work a person does to earn a viable income shapes their thinking patterns, buttresses their sense of self-worth, and affects how they adapt to predictable and unpredictable obstacles.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|So, I poisoned his coffee this morning and watched him drink it.
Bear Grylls|The world is being re-shaped by the convergence of social, mobile, cloud, big data, community and other powerful forces. The combination of these technologies unlocks an incredible opportunity to connect everything together in a new way and is dramatically transforming the way we live and work.
Adam Rex, Fat Vampire: A Never Coming of Age Story|Can I see some ID?" "WE DON'T HAVE ID," said Jay, loudly. "'CAUSE WE'RE CANADIAN. WE DON'T USE ID...THERE. AND THAT'S WHY WE LOOK SO YOUNG. 'CAUSE WE'RE CANADIAN." Doug stiffened. Jay sounded crazy. Doug tried looking extra sane to even things out.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In the thoughtlessness of my incessant hurry, I have made God an ‘addendum in’ my life verses the ‘agenda of’ my life. And what I need to hurry up and realize is that with these priorities positioned as such, what I am hurrying to is my own demise.
Genevieve Gerard|She handed back the cigar and dug the silver watch out of her vest pocket. It was warm and smooth, and she didn't know why she liked it so much, but she did. Maybe because it was a choice. Taking it had been a choice. Keeping it had been one, too. And maybe the choice started as a random one, but there was something to it.
Ringo Starr|Stop exporting American jobs. Stop exporting American factories, and stop exporting American sovereignty and independence to global institutions like the World Trade Organization.
Magdalena Neuner|Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
Billy Graham|Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday.
Slipknot, Slipknot: All Hope Is Gone|So if you love me, let me go.And run away before I know.My heart is just too dark to care.I can't destroy what isn't there.Deliver me into my fate -If I'm alone I cannot hateI don't deserve to have you...My smile was taken long agoIf I can change I hope I never know
Jovita Obadolagbonyi, Codes of a Succesful Life: motivational handbook for everyone|Goals and timing of realization defers, yours might require much time to achieve than someone else's. fine! Do not stumble, become afraid and relentless but strive hard until you accomplish your goal
Victoria Beckham|I saw Farrah Fawcett originally when she and her boyfriend, Lee Majors, came over to my house for a birthday party that I was having for my ex-wife, Leigh Taylor-Young.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Being big enough to know when you are small, makes you gigantic. Lack of humility is not necessarily the down fall of great relationships, it is the slippery slide ego and pride take you down that block communication, cause mis-communication and dissolution of trust, that kill a bond.--TAMMY WOOSTER 1/15
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Depending on their psychic make up, for some people, closing the eyes or being quiet produces anxiety and increases mental agitation. In such situations it is better to undertake the practice of yoga–whether physical yoga or meditation–with other people with whom one is comfortable and at ease. Gradually, as we see more and more clearly their roots, the fears and the imaginings will diminish. Mental distractions are harder to overcome when practicing alone. (109)
Edwin A. Abbott, Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions|I have actually known a case where a Woman has exterminated her whole household, and half an hour afterwards, when her rage was over and the fragments swept away, has asked what has become of her husband and her children.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|For it is in the millions of small melodies that the truth of history is always found, for history only matters because of the effects we see or imagine in the lives of the ordinary people who are caught up in, or give shape to, the great events.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|As your training moves from base training to more intense work, to tapering, your nutrition needs to change.
Lionel Suggs|And this lesson about mortal peace of mind I never forgot. Even if a ghost is ripping a house to pieces, throwing in pans all over, pouring water of pillows, making clocks chime at all hours, mortal will accept almost any "natural explanation" offered, no matter how absurd, rather than the obvious supernatural one, for what is going on.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Following the death of his wife, Sam Johnson wrote to the Reverend Mr. Thomas Warton, "I have ever since seemed to myself broken off from mankind; a kind of solitary wanderer in the wilds of life, without any certain direction, or fixed point of view: a gloomy gazer on a world to which I have little relation." But my wife wasn't dead, merely absent.
Mario Vargas Llosa, The Temptation of the Impossible: Victor Hugo and "Les Miserables"|It is the case that, albeit to a lesser extent, all fictions make their readers live "the impossible", taking them out of themselves, breaking down barriers, and making them share, by identifying with the characters of the illusion, a life that is richer, more intense, or more abject and violent, or simply different from the one that they are confined to by the high-security prison that is real life. Fictions exist because of this fact. Because we have only one life, and our desires and fantasies demand a thousand lives. Because the abyss between what we are and what we would like to be has to be bridged somehow. That was why fictions were born: so that, through living this vicarious, transient, precarious, but also passionate and fascinating life that fiction transports us to, we can incorporate the impossible into the possible and our existence can be both reality and unreality, history and fable, concrete life and marvellous adventure.
Julia Quinn, The Lady Most Willing...|Oakley won't," the duke said.She turned and blinked. "I beg your pardon.""Lord Oakley. He won't forget to find us rooms. I've known him for years. The only thing that is making this bearable is that he must be dying inside over all this.""You don't like him?""On the contrary. I've long considered him a friend. It's why I enjoy his misery so much.
Douglas Wilson Douglas Jones|Light - both physical and moral - was a central concern to the men and women living in the medieval age. They attempted to explore its properties in the colors of a stained glass canopy, in the tenor of a brisk saltarello, in the lilt of a Jongleur's ballad, in the sweet savor of a banqueting table, in the rhapsody of a well planned garden, indeed, in every arena and discipline of life.
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|Every word, every image used for God is a distortion more than a description.
Jeanette Winterson, The World and Other Places: Stories|I have sometimes sacrificed freedom in order to belong, but more often I have given up all hope of belonging.
Alin Sav|Leadership, a daily development.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In the faculty of failure, mediocrity is never an optional course!
Kerry Drewery, Day 7|If this is freedom, do I want it?
T.S. Eliot|Poetry, if it is not to be a lifeless repetition of forms, must be constantly exploring "the frontiers of the spirit." But these frontiers are not like the surveys of geographical explorers, conquered once for all and settled. The frontiers of the spirit are more like the jungle which, unless continuously kept under control, is always ready to encroach and eventually obliterate the cultivated area.
M.C. Humphreys|I don’t want the finer things in life, like preserves of jam and thick soft quilts, until I get what I need: the machinery to make that stuff for me.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|If fame came near to you to get you, you must run away from it very fast! Because this is a matter of freedom and captivity!
Toni Sorenson|The more we have, the more we realize can be taken from us, and that’s when our lives border on insanity. We live in fear of losing what we think we possess. Once we let go and let God, then we gain a peace that surpasses understanding.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Thinking is generally thought of as doing nothing in a production-oriented society, and doing nothing is hard to do. It's best done by disguising it as doing something, and the something closest to doing nothing is walking.
Kirk Cameron|If the anti-Christian agenda will say, 'Here's your identity, you're an evolved amoeba who ought to just go do whatever you want and don't let anybody tell you different,' then they can get you to throw your faith, your character, your courage, and your liberty right out the window.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|I know what it is to be hungry, and it is very hard when one cannot even pretend it away. -Sara
Akio Morita|I have always believed that atrademark is the life of an enterpriseand that it must be protected boldly. Atrademark and a company name arenot just clever gimmicks-they carryresponsibility and guarantee thequality of the product. If someone triesto get a free ride on the reputation andthe ability of another who has workedto build up public trust, it is nothingshort of thievery. We were not flatteredby this theft of our name.
Irwin Winkler|I can write all the way through the morning, when my mind is clear, and there are no distractions.
Mark Sherman Smeester|To ask the meaning of life is silly, with rhetorical rhetoric. Life is the meaning.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|But the huge bowl of the sky remains untracked: no zeppelins, no bombers, no superhuman paratroopers, just the last songbirds returning from their winter homes, and the quicksilver winds of spring transmuting into the heavier, greener breezes of summer.
Gianni Sarcone|- I see the real world, Nancy. But it doesn't seem real to me.- How does it seem?- It seems like an illusion that nobody notices.
Seanan McGuire, Magic for Nothing|I didn't look back. Sometimes, not looking back is the only mercy the world has left to show.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|If you can't open it, it's not your door. So, don't force it.
A.E. Samaan|There are those that want "freedom" from individual responsibility. Then there are those that want individual "liberty." I choose the latter. I am a Libertarian
Rob Gronkowski|The sports page records people's accomplishments, the front page usually records nothing, but man's failures.
Don Marquis|Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives filled
Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus|Fool! The Ideal is in thyself, the impediment too is in thyself: thy Condition is but the stuff thou art to shape that same Ideal out of: what matters whether such stuff be of this sort or that, so the Form thou give it be heroic, be poetic? O thou that pinest in the imprisonment of the Actual, and criest bitterly to the gods for a kingdom wherein to rule and create, know this of a truth: the thing thou seekest is already with thee, ‘here or nowhere,’ couldst thou only see!
Louis D. Brandeis|An institution or reform movement that is not selfish, must originate in the recognition of some evil that is adding to the sum of human suffering, or diminishing the sum of happiness.
Hermann Maier|By making a comeback, I'm changing the attitude of people toward me. If I'd known that people would react so enthusiastically, I'd have done it years ago.
Eloisa James, The Duke Is Mine|Maybe the witch thought she was protecting Rapunzel, not punishing her. Maybe she thought that if Rapunzel was locked away, no one could ever hurt her. Maybe the witch kept Rapunzel because she loved her, because she was scared that if other people could get to Rapunzel, they would hurt her. And maybe Rapunzel didn't understand the witch; maybe she was angry at her - but maybe she loved her too.
Katie Mattie, M.A.J.I.C. and the Oracle at Delphi|The test of real and vigorous thinking, the thinking which ascertains truths instead of dreaming dreams, is successful application to practice.
Guy Fieri|That's the thing about Aquaman that's cool is he's not an alien, right? He's from our planet, and he's from a society that we're not privy to in the context of the story.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|I wanted to listen to him, but I did not want to answer now. That strange responsibility we feel towards others when they speak, to offer them the solace of any answer. Poor humans! And anyway he had not asked a question. He was merely floating there in the room, insubstantial, a living man in the midst of life, dying imperceptibly on his feet, like all of us.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|I realized that I sat in an empty bar in filthy, wet clothes with a drippy nose, probably red-rimmed eyes, and the most I could say I’d accomplished was that I was now congested. Oh, and one of the handsomest, nicest men I’d ever met cradled my face in warm, caressing hands with soft, sympathy in his brown eyes.
Deyth Banger|I would be a genius now,” Quilty has said three times already, “if only I’d memorized Shakespeare instead of Lulu.” “If only,” says Mack. Mack himself would be a genius now if only he had been born a completely different person. But what could you do? He’d read in a magazine once that geniuses were born only to women over thirty; his own mother had been twenty-nine. Damn! So fucking close!
Kaylin McFarren|After 40 years of marriage, isn’t it amazing when you can look at your partner sound asleep next to you and still believe they have potential.
Anonymous|I was tired. Tired of men, tired of moving, tired of being scared, tired of being confused. But who was I kissing? I'm not one to sit quietly, anywhere.
Robert Goolrick, A Reliable Wife|Learning became her. She loved the smell of the book from the shelves, the type on the pages, the sense that the world was an infinite but knowable place. Every fact she learned seemed to open another question, and for every question there was another book.
G.K. Chesterton|A Christian will find it most beneficial to practice secret worship, corporate worship, and family worship. They are all important for our life in Christ. They each bear a necessary weight, and they all inform one another. When my secret worship is lacking or even non-existent, then my worship in the corporate community and family will be affected. When my attendance at corporate worship is sparse, then my secret worship and family worship will suffer as well. These three spheres of worship are related, informed, and encouraged by one another, because in each I am meeting with the Lord and benefiting from His grace. As I grow in my enjoyment of the Lord in my closet, so my enjoyment of Him in corporate worship will increase. As I hear the preached Word of God in corporate worship, this informs and stimulates my heart and mind in leading my own family in worship. As I worship God with my family, my affection and love for the Lord increases, which encourages my secret and corporate worship. They all inform one another. If I am starving in one area, then as I function in the other spheres I will find that I am malnourished there as well. p. 27
Debasish Mridha|When you feel the deepest love for the universe, your spirit dances with joy.
Sylvia Iparraguirre, Tierra del Fuego|For whom, I asked myself innocently, were the riches and dominions that the English conquered and held on to at any price in the most remote corners of the planet? The neighborhoods which succeeded one another interminably down the narrow cobbled streets were not inhabited by the beneficiaries of those enterprises.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|Some carry beautifully crafted swords all their lives, and never realise, until they are daubed in blood, that the pleasure comes not from owning a sword, no matter how perfect, but from letting it cut.
Lorraine Hansberry, To Be Young, Gifted, and Black: An Informal Autobiography|Writing every book, the writer must solve two problems: Can it be done? and, Can I do it? Every book has an intrinsic impossibility, which its writer discovers as soon as his first excitement dwindles.
Raj Vanjara|Clarity of your thoughts makes your actions precise :-) Whenever you feel your actions are not appropriate, watch out your thoughts... :-)
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|A gentleman of ambition is aware of the people he wishes to be associated with both socially and commercially. He knows that moving through different levels of society is akin to stepping through different rooms in an enormous house, each door leading to a grander environment than the last. He may, of course, settle for the comfort of any room he reaches. Alternatively, he may continue through successive doors to surround himself with even greater fineries and riches.
Sarah Rees Brennan|Real life is sometimes boring, rarely conclusive and boy, does the dialogue need work.
John Angell James, The Family Monitor, Or, a Help to Domestic Happiness|When young people are insecure, they find ways to manufacture love tests – personal metrics to reassure themselves.
Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses|Oh, many a shaft at random sentFinds mark the archer little meant!And many a word at random spokenMay soothe, or wound, a heart that's broken!
Jess Row, The Empties|I never understood why people from the 1980s thought there would be flying cars. It just seemed really dangerous and impractical to me, but they all talked about it, so it must have been a thing. Meanwhile, my dream for the future was that it wouldn't involve mass extinction and large-scale water shortages and cannibalism.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|If our family was poor, of what did our poverty consist? If our clothes were torn the torn places only let in the sun and wind. In the winter we had no overcoats, but that only meant that we ran rather than loitered. Those who are to follow the arts should have a training in what is called poverty.
Bertrand Russell|I have a son, but I've never had a daughter. I have a sister, and my sister had a fairly tempestuous relationship with my dad when she was young, and that was gripping and sometimes upsetting.
Anna Godbersen|Darling, don't be silly, your whole future is ahead of you. All you have to do is go out there and ask for a part- something small and reasonable just to start with. From there, no one can stop you. Don't feel bad about anything you've done, and for God's sake, have fun.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you face any difficulty, do not panic but pray.
B.J. Neblett|Sex mirrored our drinking; both defined our relationship: selfish, detached, indulgent and satisfying.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|[B]y reinterpreting Freudianism in terms of language, a pre-eminently social activity, Lacan permits us to explore the relations between the unconscious and human society. One way of describing his work is to say that he makes us recognize that the unconscious is not some kind of seething, tumultuous, private region ‘inside’ us, but an effect of our relations with one another. The unconscious is, so to speak, ‘outside’ rather than ‘within’ us — or rather it exists ‘between’ us, as our relationships do.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Dragon|Suffering builds character and impels you to penetrate life’s secrets. It’s the path of great artists, great religious leaders, great social reformers. The problem is not suffering per se, but rather our identification with our own ego: our divided, dualistic, cramped view of things. “We are too ego-centered,” Suzuki tells Cage. “The ego-shell in which we live is the hardest thing to outgrow. We seem to carry it all the time from childhood up to the time we finally pass away.”Adolescent love gives us the first chance to break the shell. Sexual love makes the ego lose itself in the object it loves. “When the ego-shell is broken and the ‘other’ is taken into its own body, we can say that the ego has denied itself or that the ego has taken its first steps towards the infinite.…The religious consciousness is now fully awakened, and all the possible ways of escaping from the struggle or bringing it to an end are most earnestly sought in every direction. Books are read, lectures are attended, sermons are greedily taken in, and various religious exercises or disciplines are tried.”Suzuki says that sexual love is a vehicle of liberation? A crack in the ego shell? A path to the infinite?At this point, if I were Cage, I would buy the book and take it home.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|Language is a piss poor attempt at telepathy is what it is. We try to put our thoughts into each other's heads through language...But half the intended meaning gets lost in the transmission, and the other half is filtered through existing assumptions. Everything is a half truth!That's the whole problem! You can't understand me through the smog of your presumptions and prejudices. Multiply that six billion times and you'll begin to understand the desperation of our global situation
Dean Koontz, Innocence|Each book is a mind alive, a life revealed, a world awaiting exploration, but living people are all those things, as well—and more, because their stories haven’t yet been completely told.
Harrison Ford|If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
Dan Flavin|No, I think most astronauts recognize that the space shuttle program is very high-risk, and are prepared for accidents.
Orson Scott Card, Earth Unaware|If you can't bear it, dare it.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|In retrospect, I would have to recommend against epiphanies. They are difficult on an emotional level, and they also sometimes move you to foolish and inopportune acts, which was what happened in my case.
Molly O'Keefe, The Truth About Him|Hey," Natalie said. "You're here early."	"It's almost seven. Why are you covered in chocolate? Your clothes and your...your face. Both your faces."	Luke looked at Natalie, really looked at her. Yep, she was smeared with chocolate like it was camo paint, transferred from his mouth to hers and back again too many times to count.	"We were..." Natalie began. "We were just ---"	"Sampling," Luke cut in. If Natalie had wanted Ivy to know, she would've come straight out with it.	Ivy crossed her arms. "Sampling?"	"Yeah, I'm interested in her...product. So she let me, uh, try some." Wow, he couldn't have sounded kinkier if he'd tried.	"But it's all over the floor on that side of the lab. Like, all over the place. It's even on the wall. How did it get on the ceiling? You must be one sloppy eater.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Don't waste your love on somebody, who doesn't value it.
Jojo Moyes, Paris for One|Adele and Vladimir danced along the banks of the River Seine, the loveliness of spring a backdrop all around them.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am creative, blissful, and blessed!
Bertrand Russell, In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays|The saddest thing about these imagined deathbed conversions is that, even if they were real, they could hardly be seen as victories for Christ. They are stories in which the final pain of a fatal disease, or the fear of imminent death and eternal punishment, is identified as the factor necessary for otherwise rational people to believe in the supernatural.If mental torture is required to effect a conversion, what does that say about the reliability of the fundamental premises of Christianity to begin with? Evangelicals would be better advised to concentrate on converting the living. Converting the deceased suggests only that they can't convince those who can argue back. They should let the dead rest in peace.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Friends don't menace friends with giant terrifying swords, okay?
Nancy Gibbs|There are two worlds: the world we can measure with line and rule, and the world that we feel with our hearts and imagination.
Emmeline Pankhurst|I was one of those children forced into fighting at the age of 13, in my country Sierra Leone, a war that claimed the lives of my mother, father and two brothers. I know too well the emotional, psychological and physical burden that comes with being exposed to violence as a child or at any age for that matter.
Helen Keller, Optimism|Once I knew the depth where no hope was, and darkness lay on the face of all things. Then love came and set my soul free.
Jane Devin, Elephant Girl: A Human Story|Worry is momentary atheism crying out for correction by trust in a good, sovereign God. Suffering breaks self-reliance.
Edna Hatlestad Hong, The Downward Ascent|...a guilty suffering spirit is more open to grace than an apathetic or smug soul. Therefore, an age without a sense of sin, in which people are not even sorry for not being sorry for their sins, is in a serious predicament. Likewise an age with a Christianity so eager to forgive that it denies the need for forgiveness. For such an age, therefore, Lent can scarcely be too long!
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|I could feel my insides sink. My knees too. So I sat on the ground, against the wall, letting it support me. I thought I knew what heartbreak felt like. I thought heartbreak was me, standing alone at the prom. That was nothing. This, this was heartbreak. The pain in your chest, the ache behind your eyes. The knowing that things will never be the same again. It’s all relative, I suppose. You think you know love, you think you know real pain, but you don’t. You don’t know anything.
Carlos Fuentes|Who said Hong Kong too small? In size perhaps but not in it`s soul and personality. Every corner in this city giving you full of surprises, if not every hour but at least every day….
Gail Carson Levine, Ever|When I was girl by Nilus stream I watched the deserts stars arise; My lover, he who dreamed the Sphinx, Learned all his dreaming from eyes. I bore in Greece a burning name, And I have been in Italy Madonna to a painter-lad, And mistress to a Medici. And have you heard (and I have heard) Of puzzled men with decorous mien, Who judged - the wench knew far too much - And burnt her on the Salem green?
David Chiles|The Web is no longer just about the present-that crazy driver or this delicious meal. As we share messages, photos and updates, we're building a data trail about our lives and histories online.We can now tell stories not just about what is happening today, but where we've been, what we've shared, and what might happen in the future.
Gene Robinson|When I go home, its an easy way to be grounded. You learn to realize what truly matters.
R.H. Sin|if he wants to be a whore then let him. if he chooses to degrade and demean himself, just walk away. you can’t make a man respect you, the relationship or himself.
Thomas Sowell, Applied Economics: Thinking Beyond Stage One|You can't fool Mother Nature, and you can't fool market forces (at least not for long)
Lysa TerKeurst, Becoming More Than a Good Bible Study Girl|Who am I?" "What is the purpose of my life?" These questions arise spontaneously throughout our lives, either unbidden or through conscious intent. Anyone who wishes to live an authentic life must answer these questions, regardless of whether they believe in the existence of the soul or practice a religion. If these queries remain unanswered, life will more than likely remain superficial and empty, in spite of any material abundance. If you wish to make the soul's journey, then I suggest you ask yourself these questions relentlessly and ruthlessly, and listen carefully.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Principle of Oneness: A Practical Guide to Experiencing the Profound Unity of Everything|Based upon quantum mechanics, our physical reality should not be solid. Most likely our physical reality is an elaborate illusion within our own consciousness and the collective consciousness of the Universe/God.
Jessica Hawkins, Come Alive|Ah, what sights and sounds and pain lie beneath that mist. And we had thought that our hard climb out of that cruel valley led to some cool, green and peaceful, sunlit place---but it's all jungle here, a wild and savage wilderness that's overrun with ruins. But put on your crown, my Queen, and we will build a New City on these ruins.
William Lyon Phelps|Rousseau pounced. Men who dislike cats were tyrannical: "They do not like cats because the cat is free and will never consent to become a slave.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|it’s a terrible feeling when you first fall in love. your mind gets completely taken over, you can’t function properly anymore. the world turns into a dream place, nothing seems real. you forget your keys, no one seems to be talking English and even if they are you don’t care as you can’t hear what they’re saying anyway, and it doesn’t matter since your not really there. things you cared about before don’t seem to matter anymore and things you didn’t think you cared about suddenly do. I must become a brilliant cook, I don’t want to waste time seeing my friends when I could be with him, I feel no sympathy for all those people in India killed by an earthquake last night; what is the matter with me? It’s a kind of hell, but you feel like your in heaven.even your body goes out of control, you can’t eat, you don’t sleep properly, your legs turn to jelly as your not sure where the floor is anymore. you have butterflies permanently, not only in your tummy but all over your body - your hands, your shoulders, your chest, your eyes everything’s just a jangling mess of nerve endings tingling with fire. it makes you feel so alive. and yet its like being suffocated, you don’t seem to be able to see or hear anything real anymore, its like people are speaking to you through treacle, and so you stay in your cosy place with him, the place that only you two understand. occasionally your forced to come up for air by your biggest enemy, Real Life, so you do the minimum then head back down under your love blanket for more, knowing it’s uncomfortable but compulsory.and then, once you think you’ve got him, the panic sets in. what if he goes off me? what if I blow it, say the wrong thing? what if he meets someone better than me? Prettier, thinner, funnier, more like him? who doesn’t bite there nails? perhaps he doesn’t feel the same, maybe this is all in my head and this is just a quick fling for him. why did I tell him that stupid story about not owning up that I knew who spilt the ink on the teachers bag and so everyone was punished for it? does he think I'm a liar? what if I'm not very good at that blow job thing and he’s just being patient with me? he says he loves me; yes, well, we can all say words, can’t we? perhaps he’s just being polite.of course you do your best to keep all this to yourself, you don’t want him to think you're a neurotic nutcase, but now when he’s away doing Real Life it’s agony, your mind won’t leave you alone, it tortures you and examines your every moment spent together, pointing out how stupid you’ve been to allow yourself to get this carried away, how insane you are to imagine someone would feel like that about you. dad did his best to reassure me, but nothing he said made a difference - it was like I wanted to see Simon, but didn’t want him to see me.
Airicka Phoenix, Finding Kia|Adam stared down at me, his expression thunderous. “It was you. I know it was you.” My head was rocking side to side before I could stop it. “No.” I wrenched my hand free of his. “You’re wrong.”“I’m not!” Anger blazed hot behind his eyes as they burned into me. “Look at me, Kia! Look me in the eye and tell me you’re not her.
Gabrielle Union|Just like I find men who talk sports who don't really know sports annoying, I think men might find women who don't really have a true passion and knowledge of sports maybe not so attractive.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To achieve a great success, you must first have yourself behind yourself as your greatest supporter!
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.
George Mikes, How to Be an Alien: A Handbook for Beginners and Advanced Pupils|Religious teachings say that animals don't have souls, but I don't believe that. Our pets cherish our every move, and wait patiently for us to return home from a day's work. Our pets would give their lives for us in a heartbeat and not ask for anything in return. How can man live without companionship when we were meant to live in a family unit, just like our canine friends? So, I ask you: How could a dog not have a soul?
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Chessmen of Mars|What--has O-Tar seen an ulsio and fainted?" demanded I-Gos with broad sarcasm."Men have died for less than that, ancient one," E-Thas reminded him."I am safe," retorted I-Gos, "for I am not a brave and popular son of the jeddak of Manator.
Nynke Visser|By constantly moving the flashlight of your attention to the perimeter of your understanding, you enlarge your sense of the world.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Although the pure truth has never been stated, nevertheless it has never been lost. Its existence does not depend upon human statement but upon human sensitivity. In this it is unlike all other knowledge.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 46Never Appear Too PerfectAppearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more human and approachable. Only gods and the dead can seem perfect with impunity.
J. Neven-Pugh, press release|My biggest hope for this work is that it will help others to remember the sacrifices made for our freedom, and even more so to remember that the men, women, and children all involved in and affected by this era were not just statistics: they were people just like we are, with the same hopes, dreams, and very imminent fears.
Misha Glouberman, The Chairs Are Where the People Go: How to Live, Work, and Play in the City|If your love is real, it will one day reunite you with your estranged lover despite any circumstances.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If I expect nothing of you, it will be far easier to forgive your offenses than if I place my whole world in your hands.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|We tell the dead to rest in peace, when we should worry about the living to live in peace.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The wolf eats the lamb; the strong eats the weak. This is not God’s Order, because it lacks justice, ethics and goodness. This chaotic structure belongs to the evolution! Evolution is primitive and it lacks high intelligence; it moves ahead by crawling and it is faulty! He who calls this system as God’s Order openly insults God! We must know that God is not in this universe; He is somewhere else, somewhere where there is no evolution, where there is justice, ethics and goodness!
Donna Leon, Suffer the Little Children|In Morocco," said Osman, "word spreads like a fire tearing through the depths of Hell.
Penn Jillette|I believe that people are holy because they’re made in the image of God, and a place can be holy when God is present—but no place is so holy that it’s worth shedding the blood of those who bear the image of God.
Ben Horowitz|I try to write lyrics so that they won't age, which sort of leaves you with the big subjects like death and love and sex and violence.
David Sedaris, Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk: A Modest Bestiary|Did you bite someone?' Jack enquired.'I laughed at people, which is much worse. My laughter has sharper teeth than any dog. It tears people apart who wish to be taken seriously, but I could not help myself. There were many complaints and finally a man in a brown suit came and looked at me. He was very important and not used to being laughed at, but I could see he had dandruff on his collar, and there was a spot of his breakfast egg on his lapel. You should have seen him - so puffed up and proud of himself. I couldn't help but laugh and that made people see him as I did, and so they laughed too. All of a sudden everyone realised that for all his status in official matters, he was a man who lived alone and was loveless.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|If thou rememberest that thou art going to heaven, thou wilt not sleep on the road. If thou thinkest that hell is behind thee, and the devil pursuing thee, thou wilt not loiter.
Radhe Maa|If you won't improve yourself, who will?
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|It seemed that balance was necessary. The old and the new needed to be combined, the traditions adapted. That was the way forward. Without balance change could not occur.
Injap Sia, Life Principles|Whatever achievements and successes I've had didn't happen overnight. It is all a product of guidance, hard work, careful planning, and intense, passionate execution over many years. (p. 69)
Ursula K. Le Guin|There seemed to be three choices: to give up trying to love anyone, to stop being selfish, or to learn to love a person while continuing to be selfish.
Judi Fennell, I Dream of Genies|Those static images have the uncanny ability to jar the memory and bring places and people back to life. They bridge the present with the past and validate as real what the passage of time has turned into hazy recollections. Were it not for them, my experiences would have remained as just imperfect memories of perfect moments.
Santosh Kalwar|Man kills, the things he love the most, sometimes by the virtue of hatred, crime, anger and war and sometimes by dramatizing his activities. But he is not aware that his killings are his own self-image.
George Packer, The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq|The slow, mismanaged arrival of armored vehicles and bulletproof plates for flak vests was only the most conspicuous demonstration of how the Iraq War, like every war -- just or unjust, won or lost -- became a conspiracy of the old and powerful against the young and dutiful.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|Religious Jews believe that all things come from God, as God owns everything. The Tanakh says, “The Lord makes some poor and others rich; he brings some down and lifts others up” (NLT, 1 Samuel 2:7). “The blessing of the LORD brings wealth, and he adds no trouble to it” (NIV, Proverbs 10:22).
Thomas Hardy, Under the Greenwood Tree|Everybody must be managed. Queens must be managed. Kings must be managed, for men want managing almost as much as women, and that's saying a good deal.
James A. Owen, Here, There Be Dragons|It would distort markets. Besides, if I bought a load of gold when I thought the price was going up, then it would drive up the price at that point. When I came to sell in the future it would depress the price. Thus, I wouldn't make the killing I thought I would, would I?""Yeah, but futures contracts.""Same thing, dear boy.""Art, then.""If I bought Constable's Hay Wain direct from the artist it wouldn't have the same cachet as it does today. The absence of that piece from the market might mean that all of his work was devalued.""Yeah, but you could bring another piece back.""Ah, then the paint and canvas wouldn't age correctly. For older objets d'art, the carbon dating would show it was younger than it should be. Sorry, Kevin. You're not going to get rich by temporal smuggling or speculation.
William James|It is better not to say "lend." There is only giving.
Erik Pevernagie|We only realize what happiness is about, after it has slammed the door to our inattention; and killing silence has deafened the tunefulness of our life. ("Happy days are back again")
Dipti Goyal|Mind with full of creative ideas and new thoughts, doesn't care what other will say or think.
Eliezer Shtaynbarg, The Jewish Book of Fables: The Selected Works of Eliezer Shtaynbarg|People ! We stab people !" says the bayonet.But now the needle starts to laugh,and it may still be laughing yet.With ha and hee and ho ho ho."When I pierce linen, one stitch, and the another, lo—I make a shirt, a sleeve, a dress, a hem.But people you can pierce forever, what will you create from them ?"The Bayonet and the Needle
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|We are united by something greater and more valuable than our beliefs alone: the freedom to have those beliefs, and believe what we want without persecution - we must protect that at all costs.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Synchronicity occurs at the intersection of your awareness, response, perspective, and action.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|The Lord works through deeply flawed people, since He made so few of the other kind.
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|I sought out the laws which govern nature, solid or ethereal, and after much pondering I perceived that the Universe had not been formed as its pretended Creator would have us believe; I knew that all that exists, exists of itself and not by the caprice of Iahveh; that the world is itself its own creator and the spirit its own God. Henceforth I despised Iahveh for his imposture, and I hated him because he showed himself to be opposed to all that I found desirable and good: liberty, curiosity, doubt.
Patrick Henry|What good does it do me, after all, if an ever-watchful authority keeps an eye out to ensure that my pleasures will be tranquil and races ahead of me to ward off all danger, sparing me the need even to think about such things, if that authority, even as it removes the smallest thorns from my path, is also absolute master of my liberty and my life; if it monopolizes vitality and existence to such a degree that when it languishes, everything around it must also languish; when it sleeps, everything must also sleep; and when it dies, everything must also perish?There are some nations in Europe whose inhabitants think of themselves in a sense as colonists, indifferent to the fate of the place they live in. The greatest changes occur in their country without their cooperation. They are not even aware of precisely what has taken place. They suspect it; they have heard of the event by chance. More than that, they are unconcerned with the fortunes of their village, the safety of their streets, the fate of their church and its vestry. They think that such things have nothing to do with them, that they belong to a powerful stranger called “the government.” They enjoy these goods as tenants, without a sense of ownership, and never give a thought to how they might be improved. They are so divorced from their own interests that even when their own security and that of their children is finally compromised, they do not seek to avert the danger themselves but cross their arms and wait for the nation as a whole to come to their aid. Yet as utterly as they sacrifice their own free will, they are no fonder of obedience than anyone else. They submit, it is true, to the whims of a clerk, but no sooner is force removed than they are glad to defy the law as a defeated enemy. Thus one finds them ever wavering between servitude and license.When a nation has reached this point, it must either change its laws and mores or perish, for the well of public virtue has run dry: in such a place one no longer finds citizens but only subjects.
Christopher Farnsworth, Blood Oath|Not my species, not my problem.
Michael Douglas|Like a lovely orchid, or anything else that's nurtured, marriage prospers and grows, but if it's ignored, it withers.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you a spirit of unity among yourselves as you follow Christ Jesus, so that with one heart and mouth you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Carolina De Robertis, Radical Hope: Letters of Love and Dissent in Dangerous Times|In that strained, still second when her eyes met Christina Tomas's before she took the forms, she shrank. She shrank like a dried leaf. She had spoken English all her life, led the debating society in secondary school, and always thought the American twang inchoate; she should not have cowered and shrunk, but she did. And in the following weeks, as autumn's coolness descended, she began to practice an American accent.
Karl A. Bacon, An Eye for Glory: The Civil War Chronicles of a Citizen Soldier|Once you're labeled as mentally ill, and that's in your medical notes, then anything you say can be discounted as an artifact of your mental illness.
Scott Thompson|After finding "God hates fags" written in Magic Marker on his locker Roan had cleaned it off and then wrote, also in Magic Marker, "I hate your God
ThomThor|He falls asleep believing he's been robbed, not knowing that the summoning of demons is almost always unwitting.
John Oliver|I think, certainly, directing is a visual medium, but it's also about communication, and a lot of times, great directors are lacking in communication skills, which is rather shocking to discover that.
Marilyn vos Savant|Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|When you focus your attention more on your dreams and goals and less on the opinions of others, you are capable of achieving success. No one knows the desires of your heart better than you.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|Everyone has a story; everyone hides his past as a means of self-preservation. Some just do it better, and more thoroughly, than others.
Anthony Bourdain|It's salt. Why don't you sprinkle some on me, honey? Aren't I just good enough to eat?
Viggo Mortensen|OK, in all seriousness, I would say I couldn't be in a relationship without equality, generosity, integrity, spirit, kindness and humor. And awesomeness.
Catherine Austen, All Good Children|...it saddens me that she has to grow up and make friends with humans. I hear the future coming for her. Stomp, stomp, stomp.
Lauryn Hill|Relationships are eternal. The 'separation' is another chapter in the relationship. Often, letting go of the old form of the relationship becomes a lesson in pure love much deeper than any would have learned had the couple stayed together.
Du Fu|There's pros and cons of a big church. Cons is I don't get to know everybody, I don't get to go to their ballgame, I don't get to marry everybody, but the pros are you get all this community, 800 ushers come in to serve, getting there at 7 in the morning on their day off and coming in on Saturday to make all those wafers.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Where are you going, Albert?”Albert said nothing. How rare, Quinn thought: Albert speechless.“Not really your concern, Quinn,” Albert said finally.“You’re running out.”Albert sighed. To his three companions he said, “Go ahead and get in the boat. The Boston Whaler. Yes, that one.” Turning back to Quinn he said, “It’s been good doing business with you. If you want, you can come with us. We have room for one more. You’re a good guy.”“And my crews?”“Limited resources, Quinn.”Quinn laughed a little. “You’re a piece of work, aren’t you, Albert?”Albert didn’t seem bothered. “I’m a businessman. It’s about making a profit and surviving. It so happens that I’ve kept everyone alive for months. So I guess I’m sorry if you don’t like me, Quinn, but what’s coming next isn’t about business. What’s coming next is craziness. We’re going back to the days of starvation. But in the dark this time. Craziness. Madness.”His eyes glinted when he said that last word. Quinn saw the fear there. Madness. Yes, that would terrify the eternally rational businessman.“All that happens if I stay,” Albert continued, “is that someone decides to kill me. I’ve already come too close to being dead once.”“Albert, you’re a leader. You’re an organizer. We’re going to need that.”Albert waved an impatient hand and glanced over to see that the Boston Whaler was ready. “Caine’s a leader. Sam’s a leader. Me?” Albert considered it for a second and shook the idea off. “No. I’m important, but I’m not a leader. Tell you what, though, Quinn: in my absence you speak for me. If that helps, good for you.”Albert climbed down into the Boston Whaler. Pug started the engine and Leslie-Ann cast off the ropes. Some of the last gasoline in Perdido Beach sent the boat chugging out of the marina.“Hey, Quinn!” Albert shouted back. “Don’t come to the island without showing a white flag. I don’t want to blow you up!
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|I'd take off your clothes, fast enough to not give you time to reconsider, but gently, while kissing your lips.
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|They were trying to orchestrate a revolution, which almost by definition generated a sense of collective trauma that defied any semblance of coherence and control. If we wish to rediscover the psychological context of the major players in Philadelphia, we need to abandon our hindsight omniscience and capture their mentality as they negotiated the unknown.
David Jeremiah, Living with Confidence in a Chaotic World Participant's Guide: Discovering What on Earth We Should Do Now|I don't care about eternity. I was not their when it began, I will not be there when it ends
V.C. Andrews|We will not open healed wounds!""My wounds are not healed!" I stated just as firmly. "They will never be healed until justice is done!
Andrew Kadziolka|why do we feel alone?" he asked quietly and defeated, "because in this world, we are told we need someone else to make us feel something, to show us good and to make us feel valuable." "why is that you think?" "because we haven't learnt to love ourselves." he looked down, tracing his fingers over a worn picture frame.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|I keep having the urge to cross my hands over my chest, to cover up my breasts, to hide. I'm suddenly aware of how pale I look in the sunshine, and how many moles I have spotting up and down my chest, and I just know he's looking at me thinking i'm wrong or deformed. But the he breathes, 'Beautiful' and when his eyes meet mine I know that he really, truly means it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the time comes for the fulfillment of the visions, all resources needed are made available by divine power.
Stacy Hawkins Adams, Dreams That Won't Let Go|If I were a character in one of my books, I'd be the optimistic one, believing the best and urging others to do the same.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|The demon at length fell to singing a gentle, flickering little song. It was not in any language Sophie knew - or she thought not, until she distinctly heard the word "saucepan" in it several times...
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|There are also other factors that make a person attractive to us, which have to do with what we sense we can experience with them, and how think they can enhance the quality of our life. We may feel that they have the capacity to bring more healing, passion, peace, exuberance, ease, fulfillment, or joy into our life.
Katee Sackhoff|I like smart movies about smart people, and enjoy it when most of the facts are on the table and we can contemplate them together.
Andrea Dworkin, Our Blood: Prophecies and Discourses on Sexual Politics|Many women, I think, resist feminism because it is an agony to be fully conscious of the brutal misogyny which permeates culture, society, and all personal relationships.
CLAMP|Even though this world is narrow, it is wide... to those who understand. This world isn't the only one.
Ishmael Beah|I juice a lot; I get as much protein as I can, because being a vegan, there isn't much protein. But that's pretty much it. I just drink lots of water, too. I'll have a protein shake as well every morning.
Angelica Hopes|The ability to lie persuasively is one of the greatest gifts a woman can possess in this life. Some critics, principally men, will argue that deception in women is inherently evil; but having spent the last fifteen years of my life in the theater, I can attest that lying not only is sometimes expedient but can save one's career.
Ish Vanity Wanderer Ish|I love you , I love you, I love you, I will say it a million more times if I have to.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|There is the title of one book In Underground One Can Meet Only Rats. And I'd re-phrase, In Cosmos One Can Meet Only Mutants, besides, rats are mutants too there, in cosmos, therefore, I'd rather walk on the ground.
Jeannette Rankin|I want to stand by my country, but I cannot vote for war
Chris Wooding, Poison|We may seem the weakest and most insignificant of all the Realms, but our strength comes in other ways. We have what no other race has: imagination. Any one of us, even the lowliest, can create worlds within ourselves; we can people them with the most extraordinary creatures, the most amazing inventions, the most incredible things. We can live in those worlds ourselves, if we choose; and in our own worlds, we can be as we want to be. Imagination is as close as we will ever be to godhead, Poison, for in imagination, we can create wonders.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|We must all be alike. Not everyone born free and equal, as the Constitution says, but everyone MADE equal. Each man man the image of every other; then all are happy, for there are no mountains to make them cower, to judge themselves against.
David Horsey|In both law and politics, I think the essential battle is the meta-battle of framing the narrative.
M.A. George, Relativity|Suddenly, I saw ocean again—then another horizon line—but this time the deep blue sky was on the wrong side of the line…the Holy crap, we’re upside down side.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read, we shall renew our minds.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|He asked her for coffee, but she wanted tea instead.
Eoin Colfer, The Lost Colony|Excuse me, Captain. Are you two going to weep salty tears of admiration over a helmet all night, or do we have matters to discuss?
Rhouveyzz|The body impress, yet the soul express". Inner beauty has no expiry date, embrace it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I belong with the trees,the wind,the earth beneath my feet.I belong in the land of enchanting things.But mostly,I belong entwined in your kiss,lost,yet wild and free,pure bliss,like poetry.
Bethany Hamilton|I don't really mind what people say about my love life or anything like that, but the one thing is that, yes, I do sing and write all my own music. That is something that I hold really dear. And yeah, I made a fool of myself in front of the world, but it was also great to pick myself back up and go on tour.
Munia Khan|Rain, Aren’t you my soul’s joyful tearsonly longing for the sky to be happy?
Elizabeth Goudge, Island Magic|Lovely phrases had lit candles in her mind, one after the other, till she felt intoxicated with the brightness.
Kim Cormack, Sweet Sleep|The sunlight blinded her. She felt purified by its rays. She had been in the dark for so long, and in so many ways.☥ Children of Ankh series
Tom Golisano|From exam grading to health education to professional training to democratic participation, paths towards self-realization and success in the world are often daunting and obscure: journeys only the privileged feel confident setting off along.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I wish nights like this weren't so fragile and slippery and impossible to nail down for study in one's leisure. But the really great nights pass through you like whispers or shadows. They shimmer, but don't adhere.
Nenia Campbell, Bound to Accept|When they figure out how to bottle up orgasms and sell them as a food additive, I'll be first in line.
Ehud Olmert|I really empathise with some of my peers who had success in the early years; then it dries up, and so there's no reason to get up in the morning.
Jupiter Cutter|Horror is about fear, about rising dread and unknown terrors, and in the face of such nightmares, the acts of good people can seem insignificant.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|You don't learn about war by sitting in libraries. Though if people spent more time in libraries, maybe there would be fewer wars.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Love begets glory,Work begets story.LOVED WORK Begets A Story of Glory!
Masashi Kishimoto|Being hurt inevitably breeds feelings of hatred towards your attacker. But when we hurt others, we have to deal with their hatred for us, and our own feelings of guilt. Knowing what it feels like to be hurt is exactly why we try to be kind to others. That’s what makes us humans.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|When he speaks into your ear so thatno one can hear, he will say he is your slave, that he’s passed to you from Deirdre. But it’s a lie, my dear,a vicious lie. He’ll make you his and drive you mad if you refuse to do his will. That is what he’s done tothem all.’ She stopped, her wrinkled brows tightening, her eyes drifting off across the dusty surface of thetable. ‘Except for those who were strong enough to rein him in and make him the slave he claimed to be,and use him for their own ends… ’ Her voice trailed off. ‘Their own endless wickedness.
M.R.C. Kasasian, The Mangle Street Murders|A quick butchers shows up Old Bill three-handed, also a particularly nasty female grass–-and if looks were acid baths the two she collects from us would reduce her to gristle quicker than Mrs. Durand-Deacon.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|Every successful mission requires a clear plan. Tonight, Mrs. Sibanda’s mission was to enjoy some gratification. She would not be denied. Her plan was as clear as oxygen. It involved an expensive perfume, a bottle of wine, and audacious underwear. Yes, for such battles, lingerie was always a critical component of the offensive strategy.
Graeme Le Saux|I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It felt as if she were bleeding - but it wasn't blood that leaked out of her, not something that could be easily transfused. Instead she was losing her dreams.
Fred Barnett|She could feel something unnatural following her every movement as she washed her bountiful Huzza and Wahzoozie" — BATS
William Ralph Inge|Muslims are not bloodthirsty people. Islam is a religion of peace that forbids the killing of the innocent. Islam also accepts the Prophets, whether those prophets are Mohammed, God's peace and blessing be upon Him, or Moses or the other prophets of the Books.
Natasha Pulley, The Watchmaker of Filigree Street|Six saw a caterpillar.''What kind?''Green, with purple and white zigzags.''I see,' Thaniel said slowly. Liking children did not keep him from being perplexed by them. He was recently too old to remember his own childhood with any clarity. 'I imagine that was exciting?'She glanced up at him warily. 'No. It was just a caterpillar.
Thomas Merton|The stars don't look bigger, but they do look brighter.
Agnes Newton Keith, Three Came Home|We are not pleasant people here, for the story of war is always the story of hate; it makes no difference with whom one fights. The hate destroys you.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Good words were the difference between Emily eating well and not. And what she had found worked best were not facts or arguments but words that tickled people’s brains for some reason, that just amused them. Puns, and exaggerations, and things that were true and not at the same time.
Shane Edward Thompson|If our goal is not to "succeed" or avoid failure or mistakes, but to learn something, we will never fail.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|The Republic is weak and broken." I narrow my eyes. "But it is still your country. Fight for it. This is your home, not theirs.
Tori Amos|I was brought up as an only child, and we were very close. But when I was 14, we got evicted. We came home to a padlock, and I looked up at my mom and she was crying, and there was nothing to do.
Robert McChesney|Let's not overlook, though, what we do know about the campaign finance scandal, and the fact the Chinese were involved in our presidential campaign and our congressional campaigns.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|Maybe it’s a whole lot less about focusing on the fact that we’re all victims and a whole lot more about the changing the fact that we’re all careless, as that is what victimized all of us in the first place.
Greg Boyle|An innovation is one of those things that society looks at and says, if we make this part of the way we live and work, it will change the way we live and work.
Sabrina Newby|He is, or has been, in many ways a great man. But for this very reason he is odd. It is only petty men who seem normal.
Dada Bhagwan|When you understand that [in reality] the bitter fruit [unfavourable result] is sweet and the sweet fruit [favourable result] is bitter, then you will go to moksha [the ultimate liberation]!
Horace Mann|Resolve to edge in a little reading every day, if it is but a single sentence. If you gain fifteen minutes a day, it will make itself felt at the end of the year.
Sarah Arthur, Walking with Bilbo|But at some point it becomes obvious that, ultimately, the adventure of faith is the most sensible thing to do, and in fact the only thing worth doing. As Sam says toward the end of The Two Towers, no one remembers the tales in which the characters give up and turn back. Great and heroic deeds remain undone if no one leaps into the dark to do them. That's true when it comes to faith, too. You can't play a meaningful role in the great story by playing it safe. Once you hit the road, there is no going back to life as it was before. When Jesus asks His disciples if they will leave him to, Peter says, "Lord to whom will we go?" (verse 68). It's either walk with Jesus, unsafe as it seems sometimes, or go home.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Everyday, God gives us the sun- and also one moment in which we have the ability to change everything that makes us unhappy. Everyday, we try to pretend that we haven't perceived that moment, that it doesn't exist - that today is the sames as tomorrow. But if people really pay attention to their everyday lives, they will discover that magic moment.
Jay Asher|I think there's always room for humor, especially when you're talking about really serious issues.
Rob Lowe, Love Life|Death, it turns out, is the mother of all conflicts.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|When it occurs to a man that nature does not regard him as important, and that she feels she would not maim the universe by disposing of him, he at first wishes to throw bricks at the temple, and he hates deeply the fact that there are no bricks and no temples.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are positive about your calling, then it does not matter how hard or complicated it is
Jake Bible, Z-Burbia|First, if you participate in Movember, fuck you. Second, if you want to raise money for prostate cancer (a noble cause), do it the old-fashioned way, by either begging for it or exerting yourself physically for donations. Sitting on your ass and letting nature take its course above your upper lip is not the same thing as running a 10K at a local high school or breaking out the set of power tools your dad gave you as a housewarming present collecting dust in your garage and using them to go out and build a habitat for humanity. Maybe I can raise money for rectal cancer by getting people to pledge a dollar every time I take a shit. And third no one wants to see that horrific seventies pornstache growing like a caterpillar with cerebral palsy zigzagging across your face; you look like you're about to go door to door informing people that you're a registered sex offender who's just moved in next door and would their kids like to come out and was your windowless van for a dollar?Fuck Movember. And November.
Steven Magee|The greatest journey of discovery that the human can take is not through the universe or to the remotest location on earth, it is the voyage through the human mind.
Ingmar Bergman, Through a Glass Darkly|Once again, I felt as I needed to flee or I’d die. That was how my life was panning out.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Well, it's true for every elder sibling, We have this supremely potent weapon "parents " on our side in such matters. In fact, such are the times when our maturity works wonders in hitching parents to our side over these younger siblings.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|You rush a miracle worker, you get lousy miracles!
Danny Meyer|Museums are like sports stadiums, hotels and hospitals: they are in the category of captive-audience dining.
Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch|What we choose to embrace, to be responsive to, is the purest reflection of who we are and what we love.
|There is a big difference between school education and self-education. School education has some limits to it, but self-education doesn't. So in order to unleash your greatest potential in life, you must effectively combine the two.
David Nicholls, Us|When something horrible happens, your brain doesn't process the memories right. It stores everything-- sounds, pain, smells, feelings-- all mixed up. It doesn't matter if you believed it or it made sense; it gets stored.
L.J. Vanier, Ether: Into the Nemesis|When you know the beginning you will know the end and when we understand that our consciousness is eternal, we see that we are in fact energy. A soul, a consciousness that is always evolving, learning and growing. With each incarnation comes new lessons, and new experiences. We grow the most through incarnation, the challenges, the long separation from source, through the exploration of the vastness of hosting planets. We come from energy and to energy we will return
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|Koch believed that what the famed economist Joseph Schumpeter called "creative destruction" was so critical to the health of the capitalist system that empathy was an obstacle to acceptance of the world that must be brought into being.
Tracey Garvis-Graves|The friendship that like live is warm; a love like friendship, steady.
Jill Shalvis, My Kind of Wonderful|She sucked in a breath. "You're..."	When she didn't finish the sentence, he turned his head and watched her gaze drop to his mouth, which was only a few inches from hers.	"Handy," she finished softly.	"And you're..."	She smiled. "Stubborn? Annoying?"	"Set to go," he said.
William H. Whyte|Touch is the most basic, the most nonconceptual form of communication that we have. In touch there are no language barriers; anything that can walk, fly, creep, crawl, or swim already speaks it.
Mary Roach|A poet could write volumes about diners, because they're so beautiful. They're brightly lit, with chrome and booths and Naugahyde and great waitresses. Now, it might not be so great in the health department, but I think diner food is really worth experiencing periodically.
Malti Bhojwani, The Mind Spa Ignite Your Inner Life Coach|Faith and doubt cannot reside together. An iota of doubt is enough to taint the entire process, it is like a drop of red ink in water.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|No matter how many thousands friends you've had, or even more likes you've got, but if you do not enjoy being yourself, then you just keep lying to yourself and unto others as well.
Albert Einstein|Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Garrett Clayton|My daughter's mother and I are no longer dating, and the people I'm most likely to date are those around me, who are athletes.
Nurudeen Ushawu|More than being human, we need peace and love.More than being strong and capable, we need compassion.More than being clever, we need kindness and gentleness.But where are all these sense of humanity?Where is the love that we have for human life and nature?Where is the peace that we once had?What about our dreams, dream of a better world?Little children are crying, am beginning to feel guilty.Where is that sense of brotherhood?Where is the compassion?What about our faith, have we lost trust in God?
Carter Heyward, Saving Jesus from Those Who Are Right|We and future generations should never forget them, Always remember them.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Laughter is the human super-highway to the heart. It bypasses, any yellow or red lights and proceeds straight to green. Go get to laughing!!!
Ed Lynskey, Quiet Anchorage|Megan stepping back let her glance switch from Alma to Isabel and return to Alma. No doubt about it, thought Megan. Created as much alike as any sisters ever had been, their resemblance started with their matching red-and-white polka dot blouses. Since she was a young girl, she had matched their eye colors to their different personalities.
James E. Faust|Holiness is the strength of the soul. It comes by faith and through obedience to God's laws and ordinances. God then purifies the heart by faith, and the heart becomes purged from that which is profane and unworthy. When holiness is achieved by conforming to God's will, one knows intuitively that which is wrong and that which is right before the Lord. Holiness speaks when there is silence, encouraging that which is good or reproving that which is wrong.
Manil Suri, The City of Devi|A man must choose his own way of life, and…it is only by following out one’s own bent that there can be the really harmonious life.” [In an interview conducted by Bram Stoker]
Vladimir Putin|I think it is something that is so important, to be very aware of the direction in which the 21st century is going with all this blind faith in democracy. And by the way, I am not against democracy - I am against the blind faith that is being put in democracy.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Roll-up those sleeves and work until you see the fruit of your labour. It takes Passion, Resolve and a Productive Work Ethic, meeting with Opportunity, for you to succeed.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood. There was poetry for quiet companionship. There was adventure when she tired of quiet hours. There would be love stories when she came into adolescence and when she wanted to feel a closeness to someone she could read a biography. On that day when she first knew she could read, she made a vow to read one book a day as long as she lived.
Thomas Malory, Morte D'Arthur|Still, it’s almost too natural to rekindle Jongin’s smile with a tiny “Hello,” and somehow the syllables are perfect on his tongue, perhaps because he’s said it a thousand times already. Perhaps because they’re meant to be.
Tim Fargo, Alphabet Success - Keeping it Simple|‎"The greatest discovery you'll ever make, is the potential of your own mind.
Meghan Masterson, The Wardrobe Mistress: A Novel of Marie Antoinette|Quincy and Fisher walked through all this in silence. Silence was the most common stock-in-trade between them, and the portfolio of their friendship was thick with it. So, without words, they stepped across the streets, their feet pressing the pavement with the same sounds, their toes turned just so; they knew what life was like at each other's side. Sometimes he would speak, or she would, small offerings on the altar of their joint survival.
Rod McKuen|A cat is only technically an animal, being divine.
Sudeep Prakash Sdk|Life is like the clouds we see everyday.The dark,white patches and its mixtures.These are what we see and experience everyday.
Frank McCourt|The more you can dream, the more you can do.
Peter FitzSimons, Nancy Wake|Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild."“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Sunday Adelaja|You should not think on a small scale, you are a gift to the entire planet earth
Jeanne Safer, The Golden Condom: And Other Essays on Love Lost and Found|Make me a willow cabin at your gateAnd call upon my soul within the house;Write loyal cantons of contemned loveAnd sing them loud even in the dead of night;Hallo your name to the reverberate hillsAnd make the babbling gossip of the airCry out "Olivia!" O, you should not restBetween the elements of air and earthBut you should pity me
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Through all the ages the mind has been regarded as evil, and every form of insult: from heretic to materialist to exploiter—every form of iniquity: from exile to disfranchisement to expropriation—every form of torture: from sneers to rack to firing squad—have been brought down upon those who assumed the responsibility of looking at the world through the eyes of a living consciousness and performing the crucial act of a rational connection. Yet only to the extent to which—in chains, in dungeons, in hidden corners, in the cells of philosophers, in the shops of traders—some men continued to think, only to that extent was humanity able to survive.
Will Forest, Co-ed Naked Philosophy|...love comes from the head and not the heart. Of the entire body, only the head matters.
Anthony T. Hincks|The American Naming Authority, a collective of women studying the effects of names on behavior, decrees that a name should only have one user. The nearly 1 million American users of the name Mary, for example, do not constitute a unified army who might slaughter all users of the name Nancy, as was earlier supposed, but rather a saturation of the Mary Potential Quotient. Simply stated: Too many women with the same name produces widespread mediocrity and fatigue.
Joshua Logan|Poetry, at its best, is the language your soul would speak if you could teach your soul to speak.
George Pataki|I tentatively believe in a god. I was brought up in a fairly religious home. I think the world is compatible with reincarnation, karma, all that stuff.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It does not mean you are not awesome, if no one ever appreciates your beauty. But I can see that, in your juicy eyes, funny smiles and innocent face. And I am telling you now; you are exceptionally beautiful and awesome.
Ryan North, Dinosaur Comics, fig. e: Everybody knows failure is just success rounded down.|Let the passions and cupidities and dreams and kinks and ideals and greed and hopes and foul corruptions of all men and women have their day and the world will still be better off, for there is more good than bad in the sum of us and our workings.
Thomas More, Utopia|A pretty face may be enough to catch a man, but it takes character and good nature to hold him.
Henry Van Dyke|Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
John Henrik Clarke|Ideologists of all kinds find a strange sort of comfort in the madness of the crowd; it confirms them in their suspicion that history, far from being made by the great mass of individuals - as Marx averred - is rather unmade by a single massive individual, a collective Other, who stands in stark contrast to you and he.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|It is never an idea, technology, market forces, or access to capital that makes a company innovative. What differentiates an innovative company from an average company is the people working inside the company.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|I don't believe in guardian angels," Regine says seriously. "Just people who are there for you and people who aren't.
Maria V. Snyder, Storm Glass|Everyone grieves in different ways. For some, it could take longer or shorter. I do know it never disappears. An ember still smolders inside me. Most days, I don’t notice it, but, out of the blue, it’ll flare to life.
Yiyun Li, Gold Boy, Emerald Girl|Tereza's death hurt me so much, it was as if I had two heads smashing into each other. One was full of mown love, the other of hate. I wanted the love to grow back. It grew like grass and straw, all mixed up together, and turned into an icy affirmation on my brow. That was my damn stupid plant.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Try to show grace, mercy and compassion, for one day you may need them.
Debasish Mridha|To find the joy, ignite the light of love.
Israelmore Ayivor, Mine Your Gold: How to Dig Up and Optimize Your Hidden Greatness|As long as you want the belt, don’t run away from the fight. Do what it takes to win the battles you face.
Orrin Woodward|risk is everywhere and we all do take risk everyday, knowingly or unknowingly.Ordinary risk produces ordinary men and extraordinary risk equals extraordinary men. The unique line of boundary between the ordinary and the extraordinary is the risk they both take. Great and extraordinary people patiently take a visionary, calculated and an avant-garde risk regardless of the susurrant and cacophonic call of the masses to retreat. They fall, they learn and they move. Without taking a thoughtful risk, we risk our lives unthoughtfully each day
Satya Nadella|When he entered the Oval Office - by fate, not by design - Citizen Ford knew that he was not perfect, just as he knew he was not perfect when he left. But what president ever was?
Mary Engelbreit|It's the not-yet in the now, the taste of the fruit that does not-yet exist, hanging the blossom on the bough.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are in ‘motion’ than you are in a normal [moving] state, and if you are ‘emotional’ than you are in an agitated state.
Thomas Sowell, Knowledge And Decisions|The number of games went up or down according to the brutal, elegant logic of the economics of fun:a certain amount of difficultyplusa certain amount of your friendsplusa certain amount of interesting strangersplusa certain amount of rewardplusa certain amount of opportunityequaledfun
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|God answers all prayers, but sometimes his answer is 'no'! And you may become upset because he said no. But open up your eyes and look around at the things he said yes to.
Charles Bukowski|we know God is dead, they’ toldus, but listening to you I wasn’ sure. maybeit was the upper case. you were one of thebest female poets and I told the publishers, editors, “ her, print her, she’ mad but she’magic. there’ no lie in her fire.” I loved youlike a man loves a woman he never touches, onlywrites to, keeps little photographs of. I would haveloved you more if I had sat in a small room rolling acigarette and listened to you piss in the bathroom,but that didn’ happen. your letters got sadder.your lovers betrayed you. kid, I wrote back, alllovers betray. it didn’ help. you saidyou had a crying bench and it was by a bridge andthe bridge was over a river and you sat on the cryingbench every night and wept for the lovers who hadhurt and forgotten you. I wrote back but neverheard again. a friend wrote me of your suicide3 or 4 months after it happened. if I had met youI would probably have been unfair to you or youto me. it was best like this.
Amy Petrie Shaw, The Tao of the Dippy Cat: A Series of Uncomfortable Incidents and Horrible Happenings|She drowned all of the catnip mice in Nike's water bowl and I had to take them away after he began drinking the resulting 'nip tea, wearing overalls, and changing all the songs in my favorites playlist to the Grateful Dead.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|There are more things, Lucilius, likely to frighten us than there are to crush us; we suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
Francis Collins|One of the greatest tragedies of our time, is this impression that has been created that science and religion have to be at war
Ruby Dee|Events that are predestined require but little management. They manage themselves. They slip into place while we sleep, and suddenly we are aware that the thing we fear to attempt, is already accomplished.
Frank Herbert|It is far better to win a battle through skilled leadership and wise decisions than violence and bloodshed. It may not seem as glorious to the uninitiated, but in the end it results in fewer wounds--of any kind.
Marilynne Robinson|Our humanity consists in the fact that we do more than survive, that a great part of what we do confers no survival benefit in terms presumably salient from the Pleistocene point of view.
Brenna Yovanoff, An Infinite Thread - A Merry Sisters of Fate Anthology|Why is it," she asked, snuggling closer, "that I so often imagine myself running away and running free?
Ron White|I begged the universe to make me a famous comedian, and it did. So I tend not to ask for any more.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|In a cruel land, you either learned to laugh at cruelty or spent your life weeping.
Robert Bork|The people who believe themselves to be on the left, and who defend the agents of Islam in the name of tolerance and culture, are being rightwing. Not just rightwing. Extreme rightwing. I don't understand how you can be so upset about the Christian right and just ignore the Islamic right. I'm talking about equality.
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|The outer garments of to-day will become the under-clothes of some destined to-morrow, and centuries hence a man found walking on the public highways dressed as you are will be arrested by the police for shocking the sense of propriety of the community, and so on. It will go on and on until you will find human beings everywhere decked out in layer after layer of clothes until he or she has lost all semblance to that beautiful thing that an all-wise Providence has designed us to be.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ask for a fish, and you only get one; ask for a net, and you can catch dozens.
Lawren Harris, The Best of the Group of Seven|No man can roan or inhabit the Canadian North without it affecting him, and the artist, because of his constant habit of awareness and his discipline in expression, is perhaps more understanding of its moods and spirit than others are. He is thus better equipped to interpret it to others, and then, when her has become one with its spirit, to create living works in their own right, by using forms, colors, rhythms and moods, to make a harmonious home for the imaginative and spiritual meaning it has evoked in him. 
Nicole Waller, Contradictory Violence: Revolution and Subversion in the Caribbean|In 2006, there is no army of recovered memory therapists, and Dr McNally’s assumptions about patients with PTSD and those working in this field are troubling. Owing to past debates, those working in the PTSD field are perhaps more knowledgeable than others about malingered, factitious, and iatrogenic variants.Why, then, does Dr McNally attack PTSD as a valid diagnosis, demean those working in the field, and suggest that sufferers are mostly malingered or iatrogenic, while giving little or no consideration is given to such variants of other psychiatric conditions? Perhaps the trauma field has been “so often embroiled in serious controversy” (4, p 816) for the same reason Dr McNally and others have trouble imagining the traumatization of a Vietnam War cook or clerk. One theory suggests that there is a conscious decision on the part of some individuals to deny trauma and its impact. Another suggests that some individuals may use dissociation or repression to block from consciousness what is quite obvious to those who listen to real-life patients."Cameron, C., & Heber, A. (2006). Re: Troubles in Traumatology, and Debunking Myths about Trauma and Memory/Reply: Troubles in Traumatology and Debunking Myths about Trauma and Memory. Canadian journal of psychiatry, 51(6), 402.
Israelmore Ayivor|The length of your shoe may change, the size of your pant may also change; but your life will never change until your mind changes!© more talks
Annie Dillard, The Abundance: Narrative Essays Old and New|Rejection sucks. It sucks every time, whether it's a big suck or a little suck. But it's part of the process. It's part of being a writer. It's a badge that says 'I'm serious about this, and I'm sending out my work.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The day you were bornHeaven wept at its great loss,Earth joyed at its gain.
Claire Cook, Summer Blowout|I heard a choking sound behind me. When I looked back, Cannoli was hanging from the backpack harness with her hind legs circling frantically in the air. She looked like she was riding a bike just above ground level. "Cannoli," I yelled. I unhooked her and made sure she was breathing on her own. When I tried to get her back in the backpack, she whimpered. I talked to her soothingly yet firmly, then tried again. This time she started howling like I was hurting her.  People turned and stared as they walked by. "What are you looking at?" I said to one couple. I suddenly felt true remorse for every time I'd stared at a parent with a toddler throwing a tantrum. I made a vow to be a better aunt to Tulia's kids if I ever made it out of this parking garage. I pleaded with Cannoli one more time.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Hermes gazed up at the stars. "My dear young cousin, if there's one thing I've learned over the eons, it's that you can't give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it. It doesn't matter if they hate you, or embarrass you, or simply don't appreciate your genius for inventing the Internet-""You invented the Inte
Alan Furst, Dark Star|Then the glow grew brighter: a holographic golden sickle with a few sheaves of wheat, rotating just above Meg McCaffrey.A boy in the crowd gasped. "She's a communist!
Lisa Dekis, Frankie's Angel: A Child's Tale of Loss and Recovery|You were always an annoyingly holy child, Frankie. What the hell was wrong with you?
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Sexual union is only truly fulfilling when both parties are at the same level and definition of love. The same exchange of energy. It’s like music. Alone you have your own tune, but when it’s combined with another it can a magical, divine experience. Each part has to know when it leads, like the melody, and when it complements, like the harmony.
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|Men still have everything to say about their sexuality, and everything to write. For what they have said so far, for the most part, stems from the opposition activity/passivity, from the power relation between a fantasized obligatory virility meantto invade, to colonize, and the consequential phantasm of woman as a “darkcontinent” to penetrate and to “pacify.” (We know what “pacify” means in terms ofscotomizing the other and misrecognizing the self.) Conquering her, they’ve madehaste to depart from her borders, to get out of sight, out of body. The way man hasof getting out of himself and into her whom he takes not for the other but for hisown, deprives him, he knows, of his own bodily territory. One can understandhow man, confusing himself with his penis and rushing in for the attack, mightfeel resentment and fear of being “taken” by the woman, of being lost in her,absorbed, or alone.
Sunday Adelaja|Until you fight the battle against time, you won’t know how best to manage your time
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you see your country going through economic problems, the best thing to do is to come up with a strategy, plan and vision of how to affect the economy of the nation, rather than simply fixing your own individual economic problem.
Jonathan Carroll, White Apples|Animals are on earth to protect mankind. When you gather a bunch of them together like this, you create a safe haven. Nothing can touch you here.
Rhys Bowen, Naughty in Nice|I feel like I'm supposed to make some comment to underscore the ridiculousness of it all, but honestly? It's sort of nice not to have to be cynical for a change. I guess it feels like I'm a part of something.
Jose Marti|I don't feel that the conductor has real power. The orchestra has the power, and every member of it knows instantaneously if you're just beating time.
Harrish Sairaman|What seems to be a chaotic life is just a systematic, engineered Life driven for a purpose!!! The day you find peace in chaos, the game changes!
Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life|No matter how you define success, you will need to be resilient, empowered, authentic, and limber to get there.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, Lead and Succeed 7 Wealth Principles of Today's New Leaders|What most new entrepreneurs don’t realize is that before you can lead a business, or a family, or a ministry, or even just another person, you have to be the leader of yourself, first.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|I've never been jealous of another teammate. Sure, some guys are faster than I am, stronger than I am, but none of them have ever tried to steal the girl I love away from me.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|Even if not a single fossil has ever been found, the evidence from surviving animals would still overwhelmingly force the conclusion that Darwin was right.
Tom Ford|True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
John Bruna|Doing the next "right thing" will always bring more genuine happiness than simply doing the next fun thing.
Gonçalves Dias|If you can, judge less and observe more.
Karan Johar|In their heyday, the Pet Shop Boys were the Interpol of the Eighties, dressing up to sing really weird pop songs about lust and loneliness in the big city. They're low-pro now, not retro-worshipped in the manner of Depeche Mode, New Order, or The Cure, but you can hear the reason why - these guys are too sad.
Andrea Lovestrand Hanna|Out in the cold I stand,Looking on at the world sitting tight,With its people in their nice little worlds,And the friends who don’t even know me.It really makes no difference to their world where I am.If I'm there, it keeps going.If I’m not, it goes on.While I walk around, wandering, wondering,My mind a mass of mixed-up machinery,Clashing with conflicts and unanswered questions.I don’t ask the world if it is real-It sits up there on its foundations,Secure, concrete, hard, stone and real.But maybe I’m not realOr if I am, maybe I shouldn’t be.They answer, ‘Smile, God loves you’,But I can’t smile.I’m numbed by cold inside and out.Even the heat in the square brick buildingsWould only warm my body, nothing else.I’m alone in a world full of people,Apart, shut up inside myself,Cold, unfeeling, in a cold unfeeling world.
Debasish Mridha|When you get lost in love, you become oblivious to oblivion.
Susan Catalano, The Timeless Ones|Silly. Dark isn’t scary. Dark is safe.”“Why?” “I live in the dark all the time. But when it’s dark outside everyone has to be there, too. And if you can’t see someone, they can’t see you, either.” She sniffles a few times. “So, it’s like I’m hiding in the dark?”“Yes. You’re the secret when it’s dark. Dark is safe.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|Then I wondered, what if?What if he kissed me? What if he told me I was beautiful? What if he told me he loved me?What would I say in return?
Patrick Modiano, So You Don't Get Lost in the Neighborhood|Many years afterwards, we attempt to solve puzzles that were not mysteries at the time and we try to decipher half-obliterated letters from a language that is too old and whose alphabet we don't even know.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|You always need to work hard. You always need to be willing to work hard. Not everything will be hard, but you should, at the very least, be willing to work hard.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Sometimes it’s like that in life too. We look into a past that no longer exists, looking as if it’s real. We hold onto things in our life that there’s no reason to hold onto anymore because, unlike the stars, they don’t bring us beauty, they bring us pain.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|Our life is our masterpiece, it's up to us on how we paint our story. It's up to us how we see the substances we have. At the end of the day, all our accumulated stuff will be presented as our greatest piece of work.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|I shall never forget how I was roused one night by the groans of a fellow prisoner, who threw himself about in his sleep, obviously having a horrible nightmare. Since I had always been especially sorry for people who suffered from fearful dreams or deliria, I wanted to wake the poor man. Suddenly I drew back the hand which was ready to shake him, frightened at the thing I was about to do. At that moment I became intensely conscious of the fact that no dream, no matter how horrible, could be as bad as the reality of the camp which surrounded us, and to which I was about to recall him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|How do we counter the trend of worldliness? We must saturate our minds, hearts, and souls with God’s Word. The Bible says, “Train yourself to be godly” (1 Timothy 4:7).
Ashim Shanker, Sinew of the Social Species|Authority in science exists to be questioned, since heresy is the spring from which new ideas flow.
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|My grandma loved to be on stage entertaining people.  She loves to make people smile and laugh.  She loves to brighten other people's day.  She often calls perfect strangers her angel, as a way of witnessing, but also to encourage and build their self-esteem.
Robertson Davies|Happiness is always a by-product. It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular. But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness.
Zeno of Citium|if being is many, it must be both like and unlike, and this is impossible, for neither can the like be unlike, nor the unlike like
Michael J. Sullivan|When you are so ashamed of your actions, thoughts, or intentions, you lie rather than accepting yourself for who you really are—or, in this case, pretend something happened when it didn’t. The idea of how others see you becomes more important than the reality of you.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|I kind of hate Nick right now, too, but there's someone else higher on my list, someone I hate more than Saddam Hussein and any asshole named Bush combined, hate more than that fuckhead who canceled 'My So-Called Life' and left me with a too-small boxed DVD set that does not answer the questions whether Angela and Jordan Catalano did it, or if Patty and Graham got a divorce, or if there really was something to all that lesbian subtext between Rayanne and Sharon.
Trent Zelazny|Snobbery might sometimes look cool, like smoking, but the end result is usually a repelling one.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|If female liberation is to happen, if the reservoir of real female love is to be tapped, this sterile self-deception must be counteracted. The only literary form which could outsell romantic trash on the female market is hard-core pornography.
Robert Plant|Gay men are guardians of the masculine impulse. To have anonymous sex in a dark alleyway is to pay homage to the dream of male freedom. The unknown stranger is a wandering pagan god. The altar, as in pre-history, is anywhere you kneel.
Max Lucado|God is fond of you. If He had a wallet, your photo would be in it. If He had a refrigerator, your picture would be on it. He sends you flowers every spring and a sunrise every morning. Face it, friend, He's crazy about you.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Investing in your personal development requires time, energy, and money, but the investment provides a great return.
D.L. Given|We’re going to make a tunnel for that ship. We’re going to make sure that little lady has every chance in the world to survive. If I get any trouble out of any of ya…” he paused. “I’ll handle it myself, do you understand?” Johan… “Vital Perception
Eva Hart|Phoebe realized how very wrong she’d been about this house, this family. It was far darker, more dangerous than the places she’d grown up in. In the dingy little apartments her mother rented, everything was out in the open. Their lives were dirty and squalid, but they didn’t pretend to be anything else. Here, things seemed so normal, so perfect, but it was all a deception.
Steve Carell|If bigots oppose gay marriage so vehemently, it must be because marriage is a defining institution for them; gays will never be fully accepted until they can marry and adopt, like anyone else.
Gerald N. Lund|I remember everything about you, Miss Macy. Every moment between us—the good and the bad.” He chuckled dryly. “Though I prefer to linger on more recent pleasant moments.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|It's very contradictory for a man to teach about the murder in corporate capitalism, to isolate and expose the murderers behind it, to instruct that these madmen are completely without stops, are licentious, totally depraved — and then not make adequate preparations to defend himself from the madman's attack. Either they don't really believe their own spiel or they harbor some sort of subconscious death wish.
Gene Wolfe, The Wizard|There are two godheads: the world and my independent I. I am either happy or unhappy, that is all. It can be said: good or evil do not exist. A man who is happy must have no fear. Not even in the face of death. Only a man who lives not in time but in the present is happy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance.
Sayantan Sen, Oneness - A collection of poetry|All the world's religions speak the same language, they simply use different words.
Gene Tunney|If I go on a diet and work out, I'm always in a bad mood. I'd rather be a little heavier but nice.
Stephen King|Say not, 'I have found the truth,' but rather, 'I have found a truth.'
Waylon H. Lewis|Want to enjoy an restful day? Wake up, turn your phone on, meditate, look at the sky—then toss your phone into the bushes.
Teal Ceagh, Kiss Across Time|Was I altering the 'space-time continuum' or whatever they called it in time travel movies, just by existing right now? Perhaps I'd accidentally kill a mosquito that might have given some famous person a disease that killed them?
Patricia McConnell|Having another creature absolutely committed to me is a big boost to my ego, makes me feel like the king of my castle. But its no way for a dog to live.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|To live fully we would need to let go of our fear of dying. That fear can only be addressed by the love of living. We have a long history in this nation of believing that to be too celebratory is dangerous, that being optimistic is foolhardy, hence our difficulty in celebrating life, in teaching our children and ourselves how to love life.
Bill Bryson|In order to be rated as good as a good man in the field of her earnings, she must show herself better than he. She must be more steady, or more trustworthy, or more skilled, or more cheap in order to have the same chance of employment.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, be diligent and never let the charms of procrastination and excuses seduce you to fall for mediocrity.
Ellery Queen, The Player on the Other Side|The girl was kind in a special way; when you spoke to her, she seemed to stop thinking of whatever she been thinking and listened to you altogether.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|During discussions in his office, Bradlee frequently picked up an undersize sponge-rubber basketball from the table and tossed it toward a hoop attached by suction cups to the picture window. The gesture was indicative both of the editor's short attention span and of a studied informality. There was an alluring combination of aristocrat and commoner about Bradlee: Boston Brahmin, Harvard, the World War II Navy, press attaché at the U.S. Embassy in Paris, police-beat reporter, news-magazine political reporter and Washington bureau chief of Newsweek.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Maya Lin|The history of the Jews has been written overwhelmingly by scholars of texts - understandably given the formative nature of the Bible and the Talmud. Seeing Jewish history through artifacts, architecture and images is still a young but spectacularly flourishing discipline that's changing the whole story.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|To me you were home, to you I was just a vacation.
Hal Holbrook|Society mends its wounds. And that's invariably true in all the tragedies, in the comedies as well. And certainly in the histories.
Reinhold Niebuhr|I don't think of myself as a poor deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, and I had to make good.
Caroline Winberg|People aren't defined by their relationship. The whole point is being true to yourself and not losing yourself in relationships, whether romances or friendships.
Debasish Mridha|By creating problems for others you will never able solve your own problem. When you will try to solve your enemy’s problem, your problem will disappear.
Annie Ali|When my heart yearn for silence in a crowd full of cheerful people, thats not the lonliness i seek but want to feel the rustling of my abandoned desires pouring upon the broken hearts. All the noise i want to here now is the symphony of love and of healing.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|The universe is a symphony of strings. And the "Mind of God," which Einstein wrote eloquently about, is cosmic music resonating throughout hyperspace.
Eugene Field|But I, when I undress meEach night, upon my kneesWill ask the Lord to bless meWith apple-pie and cheese.
Gore Vidal|The important thing is not the object of love, but the emotion itself.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Sarra looked at her daughter and said reproachfully, "Speaking of war, I never raised you to be always fighting and killing. That's not woman's work.""It's needful, Ma. You taught me a woman has to know how to defend herself.""I never!" gasped Sarra, indignant."You taught me when you were murdered in your own house," Daine said quietly.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|And I'd noticed her eyes, the lightest blue, and alive, moving here and there and then staring straight on. And now there's darkness under her eyes like she hasn't slept well for too many days, almost like someone punched her just hard enough to leave a little black, a quarter-moon smudge under each eye.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|There's an opportunity for the pharmacist to play a much greater role in health care, especially with what we have going on in this country with the shortage of primary-care physicians.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|Don't lose heart if it's very difficult at times, everything will come out all right and nobody can in the beginning do as he wishes.
Francois Hollande|I think the fact is that anybody who goes into politics feels like 'I can make a difference'. But it's not one person, you need so many others.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If your situation is too tough, don´t go back, go forward. You die quicker when you go backward. Die later when you go forward.
John W. Gardner|Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|... if you keep an open mind, life will show you a way out of your problems.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Behind you, leave your enemies. Beside you, keep your family. Around you, maintain your friends. Within you, treasure God.
Lemony Snicket, The End|It is a curious thing, but as one travels the world getting older and older, it appears that happiness is easier to get used to than despair. The second time you have a root beer float, for instance, your happiness at sipping the delicious concoction may not be quite as enormous as when you first had a root beer float, and the twelfth time your happiness may be still less enormous, until root beer floats begin to offer you very little happiness at all, because you have become used to the taste of vanilla ice cream and root beer mixed together. However, the second time you find a thumbtack in your root beer float, your despair is much greater than the first time, when you dismissed the thumbtack as a freak accident rather than part of the scheme of a soda jerk, a phrase which here means "ice cream shop employee who is trying to injure your tongue," and by the twelfth time you find a thumbtack, your despair is even greater still, until you can hardly utter the phrase "root beer float" without bursting into tears. It is almost as if happiness is an acquired taste, like coconut cordial or ceviche, to which you can eventually become accustomed, but despair is something surprising each time you encounter it.
Three Days Grace|I try to live without you,everytime I do I feel dead.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|For those who believe in the resurrection, death is inconsequential. In the resurrection, those that were dead live, and those who live believe they shall never die.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The sweeper of the street is a leader in his own respect provided he does his job well with all love, diligence and attention than anyone would do when given the same broom sticks.
Lily Tomlin|I said "Somebody should do something about that." Then I realized I am somebody.
Billy Campbell|I would like to end world hunger and create world peace, stop corruption, stop drugs getting to kids.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Loving humanity means as much, and as little, as loving raindrops, or loving the Milky Way. You say that you love humanity? Are you sure you aren’t treating yourself to easy self-congratulation, seeking approval, making certain you’re on the right side?
Annabel Giles, Birthday Girls|Falling in love doesn't always lead to heartbreak, honey. With the right man, it can be a one-way ticket to paradise.
Bob Seger|I work more now because at this time of my life I am not disturbed from my aim by outside pressures such as family, passionate relationships, dealing with 'who am I?' - those complications when one is searching for one's self.
Ava Gray|There was no mistaking her sincerity--it breathed in every tone of her voice. Both Marilla and Mrs. Lynde recognized its unmistakable ring. But the former understood in dismay that Anne was actually enjoying her valley of humiliation--was reveling in the thoroughness of her abasement. Where was the wholesome punishment upon which she, Marilla, had plumed herself? Anne had turned it into a species of positive pleasure.
Robert C. Solomon|You can never rightly judge another person's life because as a person, you only know the truth, with certainty, of your own experiences.
Merton Miller|What counts is what you do with your money, not where it came from.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.
Sophie Scholl|Dear God, you created us in your likeness, our hearts are uneasy until they find you - From the film Sophie Scholl
Stephen King, The Mist|Sanity exists only in books, while Insanity rules our lives!
Tsihugwa Kikuyu|in America we have people from all kinds of backgrounds, all in a cluster, together, and consequently law has become very important in this country. Lawyers and law are what hold us together. There is no ethos.
Andie MacDowell|Artists working for other artists is all about knowing, learning, unlearning, initiating long-term artistic dialogues, making connections, creating covens, and getting temporary shelter from the storm.
R. Lawson Gamble|There is a place where the mountains tumble one upon the other off into the far distance, peak after treeless peak. Steep ridges connect them and deep canyons slash them apart. The grassy summits are wreathed with black sage. No roads intrude upon this jumble of oak-filled canyons and steep-sided hills, only the ambling trails made by deer, coyotes, and bears. The local Indians believe the spirits of the ancients still travel these roads.
Alexis de Tocqueville|Future generations are not going to ask us what political party were you in. They are going to ask what did you do about it, when you knew the glaciers were melting.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Have you chosen to accept what life has given you, or are you choosing to create your life? There is a powerful difference.
Rachel Higginson, Every Wrong Reason|Every time he left, I shattered apart.
David Foster Wallace|Um um um um um. This business of—this business about marketing yourself, there’s nothing wrong with that. Unless we’re allowed to think that that’s—that that’s it. That that’s the point, that that’s the goal, you know? And that’s the reason we’re here—because that’s so empty. And you as a writer know that it’s—if you as a writer think that your job is to get as many people to like your stuff and think well of you as possible … And I could, we could both, name writers that it’s pretty obvious that’s their motivation? It kills the work. Each time. That that’s maybe 50 percent of it, but it misses all the magic. And it misses, it doesn’t let you be afraid. Or it doesn’t, like, let you like make yourself be, be vulnerable. Or … nah, see, I’m not … Anyway, anyway.
Arthur Wellesley|All the papers contained nothing but fantastic stories about the war. However, for several months we had been accustomed to war talk. We had so often packed our service trunks that the whole thing had become tedious.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|Love is like stocks, if you don't want to suffer loss quickly, you better diversify!
Elizabeth Peyton|Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|Despite the fact that he loves books and owns a bookstore, A.J. does not particularly care for writers. He finds them to be unkempt, narcissistic, silly, and generally unpleasant people. He tries to avoid the ones who've written books he loves for fear that they will ruin their books for him.
Jewel|I think when kids just see well-crafted poetry, it's just obtuse to them. It's hard to relate to.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I was promising myself strength.I had to write it, say it, make the effort and fake it before I actually believed I could do it.
Travis Culliton|If someone takes it upon themself to compliment you, don’t explain to them why the compliment is misplaced or undeserving, say “thank you” and smile; that was the purpose.
Herman Koch, The Dinner|Games where someone wants to touch your body where your swimsuit covers or they ask you to touch their body where their swimsuit covers. Those body parts are private. No one is allowed to touch you there, or ask you to touch them there.
Natalie Pace, The Gratitude Game: 21 Days to a Healthier, Wealthier, More Beautiful You|Saying that 'I am a grateful alcoholic' will then reflect the truth about who we have become in our person, having understood deeply and intimately that God in his grace can turn any evil, any pain we have suffered or inflicted, to good purpose. – p. 57
Rebecca MacKinnon|In modern politics, even the leader of the free world needs help from the sultan of Facebookistan.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|The prison inspector and the warders, though they had never understood or gone into the meaning of these dogmas and of all that went on in church, believed that they must believe, because the higher authorities and the Tsar himself believed in it. Besides, though faintly (and themselves unable to explain why), they felt that this faith defended their cruel occupations. If this faith did not exist it would have been more difficult, perhaps impossible, for them to use all their powers to torment people, as they were now doing, with a quiet conscience. The inspector was such a kind-hearted man that he could not have lived as he was now living unsupported by his faith.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|Noriega wound up like a baseball pitcher on top of the bed and hurled the small gun, but was low and outside for a ball. His tight-fitting house dress was bunched up high on his chubby thighs, exposing olive drab underwear.I see London, I see France, I see a crazy dictator’s underpants!Chase’s thoughts raced.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|They could tell the whole hateful story of it, set forth in the inner soul of a city in which honor and justice, women's bodies and men's souls, were for sale in the market-place, and human beings writhed and fought and fell upon each other like wolves in a pit; in which lusts were raging fires, and men were fuel, and humanity was festering and stewing and wallowing in its own corruption. Into this wild-beast tangle these men had been born without their consent, they had taken part in it because they could not help it; that they were in jail was no disgrace to them, for the game had never been fair, the dice were loaded. They were the swindlers and thieves of pennies and dimes, and they were being trapped and put out of the way by the swindlers and thieves of millions of dollars.
C.K. Kelly Martin, I Know It's Over|You spend months barely acknowledging someone's existence and then BOOM, you're emotionally addicted to her. Science would probably blame it on chemicals, genetics or something equally logical, but it didn't feel like anything logical
Cathy Wild, Wild Ideas: Creativity from the Inside Out|Whenever new knowledge causes you to question your previous assumptions, the stage is set for creative transformation.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|There comes a time for us not to just be survivors, but to be warriors. Yara, you have your life, and the chance to make the most of it. Don't run or hide from that challenge or let your guilt keep you from living your life. This gift is such a beautiful opportunity. Embrace it. Seize every opportunity from here on out. Live.
Norma McCorvey|People just don't like me, and it's unfortunate, because I'm trying to get people to come down and visit New Zealand. I'm an ambassador for New Zealand... it's kind of sad.
Meredith Marple, The Year Mrs. Cooper Got Out More: A Great Wharf Novel|He didn’t fold his arms around her, and he didn’t hold her close. Instead, he gave her a kiss that suggested a future.
Preston Sprinkle|God hijacks and bends evil to work peace and healing. If God were only a God of justice, He could punish evil but do no more. Only a God of grace can use our evil to work His good. God’s grace is so much bigger than our sin . Sometimes He’ll let us pursue our idolatry until it kills us. Then He will resurrect us and turn our evil into testimonies of God’s grace.Charis: God's Scandalous Grace for Us (p. 86).
Robert Wright, The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology|Once you the forces that govern behavior,it's harder to blame the behaver
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Their willingness to help others is arguably the single most important trait that defines them as Newfoundlanders. Today, it is an identity they cling to, in part, because it is something that cannot be taken away from them.
T. Colin Campbell, Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition|As for diet, there is no biblical diet that is required for God’s people today as there was in the Old Testament.
Rick Moody, Hotels of North America|There should be a sex-related metric with which you could measure sex in hotels, especially the illicit variety, but of what would that metric consist? How about increments of remorse?
Christina Daley, Radiant|As long as you're not 'gross full,'" Raj said. "That's when you're so full that it's hard to breathe because your stomach is pushing up into your lung region.
Scott Hastie|The searing light of morningAsks unwelcome questions,Fragile hopes soon blistered by daylight.
Gayla Drummond, Something to Curse About|The raven settled back. “Dog is Cordi.” “Said that.” Percy took flight from Kate’s shoulder and landed next to the raven. “First.” Copernicus swatted the parrot with a wing. Percy ducked his head, feathers fluffing, and twisted, bumping the other bird with his rear. David intervened before a bird brawl broke out in earnest. “Enough, you two.
Lauren Willig|Old books exert a strange fascination for me -- their smell, their feel, their history; wondering who might have owned them, how they lived, what they felt.
Manoj Kumar Duppala, With You|The truth was that if the man came with a harsh past and an emptiness in his soul, she was metal to his magnet.
Jonathan Sacks|A land is precious, but ours is to be revered.
Michio Kaku|We have sought for firm ground and found none. The deeper we penetrate, the more restless becomes the universe; all is rushing about and vibrating in a wild dance.
John C. Calhoun|You know, the sad thing of post-9/11, which was of course horrific, was that the city in which I felt completely at home for two decades, suddenly people like us - brown people - were looked at as the 'Others.'
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|You do not believe in the magic and power of this book only because you cannot comprehend that it is possible. The lack of faith of your part does not make the power less capable or less real...You only have to open up your mind to the possibilities. There is a sea of power out there, all around us. It doesn't wait until someone believes in order for it to exist. It just does."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Michel Foucault|Calling sex by its name thereafter [the 17th c.] became more difficult and more costly. As if in order to gain mastery of it in reality, it had first been necessary to subjugate it at the level of language, control its free circulation in speech, expunge it from the things that were said, and extinguish the words that rendered it too visibly present. 
Russell Wilson|The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability.
Samuel Rutherford, The Trial and Triumph of Faith|It was as if she had thought him into existence again, as if her mind were a flask into which had been poured a measure of longing, a measure of discontent, a measure of fatigue, a dash of bitterness, and pouf, there he stood.
Amit Kalantri|The problem with a man is, he is no more a child.
Darren White, Memes of Loss and Devotion|Not only a few times, but every time he did not give in to his urge to go look for her, he resented the moment that came in its place. Even if the moment was beautiful and was something he valued, and made him who he was. He could not help but also long for that other life in which he lived with Della, even if she abused him.
Tonya Kappes, A Ghostly Demise|I'll be glad when this election is over!" Mary Anna yelled out the window of her car. She pulled the silver convertible classic Mercedes into the driveway of Eternal Slumber. "I was mobbed by O'Dell's sister and my momma this morning before I even had my boobs tucked in.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|Heresy is the eternal dawn, the morning star, the glittering herald of the day. Heresy is the last and best thought. It is the perpetual New World, the unknown sea, toward which the brave all sail. It is the eternal horizon of progress.Heresy extends the hospitalities of the brain to a new thought.Heresy is a cradle; orthodoxy, a coffin.
Dan Burrus|To thrive in this new age of hyper-change and growing uncertainty, it is now an imperative to learn a new competency — how to accurately anticipate the future.
Colin Woodard, American Nations: A History of the Eleven Rival Regional Cultures of North America|It's not a crime to offend others; in fact, it's pretty much a natural consequence of having diverse cultures. We live in a world full of people with different backgrounds, interests, and values, and we must learn to accept that there will be clashes. As long as the differences do no harm, we should back off and accept them
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|My heart leaps with euphoria (gladness), whilst my mind send sweet memories and imaginations of you, through the deep secret winding passages of my being, bursting into my soul with profound whispers of "I Love You".
Sunday Adelaja|lack of sound mind and judgment – the ability to make considered decisions or come to sensible conclusions, is a matter of frustration and disillusionment to God
Junaid Raza|We always need a reason to live, and we pretend to have it.
Sal Martinez|Set forth no limits, keep in mind that your potential is boundless.
Meg Mullins, The Rug Merchant|Are you aware that humanity is just a blip? Not even a blip. Just a fraction of a fraction of what the universe has been and will become? Talk about perspective. I figure I can't feel so entirely stupid about saying what I said because, first of all, it's true. And second of all, there will be no remnant of me or my stupidity. No fossil or geographical shift that can document, really, even the most important historical human beings, let alone my paltry admissions.
Tyson Fury|People who choose not to have kids do so because they respect the job of parenting so much that they know not to take it on if they know it's not something that they're up for, and I don't know what to be a bigger tribute to parenting than that.
Auliq Ice|When it comes to achieving, what matters is you to know, what you really want and make up your mind to believe in your own efforts that you will achieve and you will make it with ease.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|In today's romantic climate, many people are plagued by what we will call "the upgrade problem". Singles constantly wonder whether there is a better match, an upgrade.
Samuel Butler, Unconscious Memory|If, again, the most superficial introspection teaches the physiologist that his conscious life is dependent upon the mechanical adjustments of his body, and that inversely his body is subjected with certain limitations to his will, then it only remains for him to make one assumption more, namely, that this mutual interdependence between the spiritual and the material is itself also dependent on law, and he has discovered the bond by which the science of the matter and the science of consciousness are united into a single whole.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries in Dating|We live among ruins in a World in which ‘god is dead’ as Nietzsche stated. The ideals of today are comfort, expediency, surface knowledge, disregard for one’s ancestral heritage and traditions, catering to the lowest standards of taste and intelligence, apotheosis of the pathetic, hoarding of material objects and possessions, disrespect for all that is inherently higher and better — in other wordsa complete inversion of true values and ideals, the raising of the victory flag of ignorance and the banner of degeneracy. In such a time, social decadence is so widespread that it appears as a natural component of all political institutions. The crises that dominate the daily lives of our societies are part of a secret occult war to remove the support of spiritual and traditional values in order to turn man into a passive instrument of dark powers.The common ground of both Capitalism and Socialism is a materialistic view of life and being. Materialism in its war with the Spirit has taken on many forms; some have promoted its goals with great subtlety, whilst others have done so with an alarming lack of subtlety, but all have added, in greater or lesser measure, to the growing misery of Mankind. The forms which have done the most damage in our time may be enumerated as: Freemasonry, Liberalism, Nihilism, Capitalism, Socialism, Marxism, Imperialism, Anarchism, Modernism and the New Age.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|After losing faith, even an atheist feels a yawning void in his soul that needs filling; there is nothing imaginable that he can fill with it. It was all along meant to be filled with the sacred, with the unknown and unknowable power. That's the curse or blessing of humanity
Anthony T. Hincks|Even though the darkness may come,Our love will always shine bright,Not only us,But also to show others the way.
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|Winter is nature's way of saying, "Up yours.
Pico Iyer|Travel for me is all about transformation, and I'm fascinated by those people who really do come back from a trip unrecognizable to themselves and perhaps open to the same possibilities they'd have written off not a month before.
Dominic Riccitello|They’re scared of the other kind of love. The one which lacks hurt, but pains after awhile.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|Fancifully, I had thought I would feel the exact moment if anything ever happened to Scarlett, even if she wasn't nearby. Some kind of immense magnetic disturbance as our two hemispheres divided and went their separate ways.
Morihei Ueshiba|In a world of complex threats, our security and leadership depends on all elements of our power - including strong and principled diplomacy.
M. Raymond, Now!|Deepening awareness and nonjudgmental acceptance of one’s thoughts fosters a new relationship with them, creating the space to purposefully shift mental focus away from the ruminative thought patterns that pave the road to suffering.
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son|Will my eyes adjust to this darkness? Will I find you in the dark – not in the streaks of light which remain, but in the darkness? Has anyone ever found you there? Did they love what they saw? Did they see love? And are there songs for singing when the light has gone dim? Or in the dark, is it best to wait in silence?Noon has darkened. As fast as they could say, ‘He’s dead,’ the light dimmed. And where are you in the darkness? I learned to spy you in the light. Here in this darkness, I cannot find you. If I had never looked for you, or looked but never found, I would not feel this pain of your absence. Or is not your absence in which I dwell, but your elusive troubling presence?It’s the neverness that is so painful. Never again to be here with us – never to sit with us at the table…. All the rest of our lives we must live without him. Only our death can stop the pain of his death.
Ari Berk|All storytelling is a form of travel. All of the things you know you should do when traveling this world apple in Elfland as well. The Charms will open the doors to strange and wondrous lands, so some travel tips and runic etiquette may be in order: Be polite. Don't take anything without asking. Laugh at their jokes. Remember, humor is sacred: so is hospitality. Beware of the dark woods at night. Do not trust the wolf in winter. Take notes. Sing for your supper. Pack extra sandwiches. Bring fine gifts. Always tell a story when asked. Listen as if your life depended on it. Start early. Walk the land. Keep your eyes open. Travel wisely and well. Come back safe and sound.
Kristin Cashore|Here's the thing," he said. "People see me as a bridge. I'm not as alive as I used to be, but I'm not yet dead. I'm sort of...in-between
Joe Jamail|The growing professional disciplines of medical ethics and bioethics have had a profound impact on researchers, bedside doctors, associations of physicians, and government.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To know God, know your heart (conscience). After you know your heart, you will learn to see God in all things. Truth can only be seen by those with Truth in them.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|No matter how useful we may be, sometimes it takes us a while to recognize our own value.
Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love|The world moves on so fast, and we lose all chance of being the women our mothers were; we lose all understanding of what shaped them.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Prediction in a complex world is a chancy business. Every decision that a survival machine takes is a gamble, and it is the business of genes to program brains in advance so that on average they take decisions that pay off. The currency used in the casino of evolution is survival, strictly gene survival, but for many purposes individual survival is a reasonable approximation.
John Wesley|I intend to leave after my death a large fund for the promotion of the peace idea, but I am skeptical as to its results.
Kelly Barnhill, The Witch's Boy|I've ceased to smile long ago, The bitter winds now chill my lips, Another hope was just let go, Another song was added since. Against my will, I'll cede this song To people's laughter and offense, Because love's silence for the soul Is too unbearably immense.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Positive thoughts, positive life.
John Rawls, A Theory of Justice|It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world!
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|The only thing I know for sure is that this summer, I want to be with you. Sometimes I wish I could make everything else go away and have it only be you and me in our own little world.
Carrie Ryan, The Dead-Tossed Waves|I can't tell if she's actually real, or if she's stopped caring if she's real or not. Or is not caring what makes a person real?
David Edwards|I can't say I'm happy to be talking about John Ritter and his passing. In my 21 years of Entertainment Tonight, this really was one of the most shocking and sad things to have happened.
Samuel Ullman|Earlier feminists were almost universally pro-choice and have dominated political debate until now. Having access to abortion was viewed as the only way women could have full equality with men, who, until recently, couldn't get pregnant.
Haruki Murakami|You can hide memories, suppress them, but you can’t erase the history that produced them
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|The moon does not fight. It attacks no one. It does not worry. It does not try to crush others. It keeps to its course, but by its very nature, it gently influences. What other body could pull an entire ocean from shore to shore? The moon is faithful to its nature and its power is never diminished.
Adlai E. Stevenson|The lowest form of popular culture - lack of information, misinformation, disinformation, and a contempt for the truth or the reality of most people's lives - has overrun real journalism. Today, ordinary Americans are being stuffed with garbage.
R. Alan Woods|Greed applied is prosperity realized". ~R. Alan Woods [2006]
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Path of life, path of light!
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|For a business to strengthen its position on the market, its managers should become skillful at helping their subordinates to set and achieve specific and measurable goals with realistic deadlines and clear expectations. Managers should also mentor employees through challenges, helping them grow and develop new skills.
Toni Morrison|There is no time for despair, no place for self-pity, no need for silence, no room for fear. We speak, we write, we do language. That is how civilizations heal. I know the world is bruised and bleeding, and though it is important not to ignore its pain, it is also critical to refuse to succumb to its malevolence. Like failure, chaos contains information that can lead to knowledge—even wisdom. Like art.—Toni Morrison, “No Place for Self-Pity, No Room for Fear,” The Nation, 23 Mar. 2015
Neil Gaiman|If you survive in battle, it is with Odin's grace, and if you fall, it is because he has betrayed you.
Colson Whitehead, The Noble Hustle: Poker, Beef Jerky, and Death|Sometimes, we are so focused on what we want that we are blind to the things that make us happy. It’s just incredible, and when I focus on what is right in front of me, nothing else matters. All my worries vanish.
Mark Hall, Your Own Jesus: A God Insistent on Making It Personal|He cements his existence in an echo of time, but the journey demands him to change. He cannot see; his identity is a mask. Nothing in this world stays the same. The path unveils our identity. Our identity is not created but revealed.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|That time of year thou mayst in me beholdWhen yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hangUpon those boughs which shake against the cold,Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.In me thou seest the twilight of such dayAs after sunset fadeth in the west,Which by and by black night doth take away,Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.In me thou see'st the glowing of such fireThat on the ashes of his youth doth lie,As the death-bed whereon it must expireConsumed with that which it was nourish'd by.This thou perceivest, which makes thy love more strong,To love that well which thou must leave ere long.
Charbel Tadros|There is no doubt that inner beauty is more important that outer appearance, but that doesn’t mean that your physical appearance is not important; would you pick up a chocolate bar from a toilet seat?
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|We fluff them and fold them and nudge them and enhance them and bind them and break them and embellish them beyond measure; then, as we drive them up to the college interviews that they’ve heard since birth are the gateway to the lives they were destined to lead based on nothing more than our own need for it to be true, we tell them, with a smile so tight it would crack nuts, “Just be yourself.”�
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|Grace does not work like a penny in a slot machine. Grace will move you only when you want it to move you, and only when you let it move you. The supernatural order supposes the freedom of the natural order, but it does not destroy it.
Lenny Bruce|The truth is that as a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing but does only and wholly what he must do.
Ruth St. Denis|This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read.
Linda McMahon|Leadership is simply the ability of an individual to coalesce the efforts of other individuals toward achieving common goals. It boils down to looking after your people and ensuring that, from top to bottom, everyone feels part of the team.
Tony Dovale|We now live in a world where murderers and terrorists can cause death and mayhem, and when the time is "right" for them, they convert to normal human values, and become a global icon and saint!
James Lasdun|I'm always praying for a part that would be something that I could be really proud of, in which I could use the gifts God gave me in a positive way.
Jerome Isaac Friedman|Real art is one of the most powerful forces in the rise of mankind, and he who renders it accessible to as many people as possible is a benefactor of humanity.
Jacob Nordby|There is no greater moment in life than that when we discover the unique design which has shaped our lives from the moment of birth, save one:The instant we recognize destiny, accept it and then begin to create the rest of our own lives within it using the power of free will.When this threshold has been crossed, nothing can stop our inevitable journey into the highest good for ourselves and all around us.This is healing.This is actualization.This is integration.This is joy.And it is the birthright of every incarnated soul on this planet.
Saint Augustine|While I know myself as a creation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember that everyone else and everything else are also God's creation.
Charlotte Eriksson|Why didn't anyone question "It's been a hard days night" Who talks like that anyway?
Francesca Lia Block|Maybe i would become a mermaid... i would live in the swirling blue-green currents, doing exotic underwater dances for the fish, kissed by sea anemones, caressed by seaweed shawls. I would have a doliphin friend. He would have merry eyes and thick flesh of a god. My fingernails would be tiny shells and my skin would be like jade with light shining through it I would never have to come back up
Kenichi Fukui|Japanese universities have a chair system that is a fixed hierarchy. This has its merits when trying to work as a laboratory on one theme. But if you want to do original work you must start young, and young people are limited by the chair system. Even if students cannot become assistant professors at an early age they should be encouraged to do original work....Industry is more likely to put its research effort into its daily business. It is very difficult for it to become involved in pure chemistry. There is a need to encourage long-range research, even if we don't know its goal and if its application is unknown.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|The brain acts like a muscle: The more activity you do, the larger and more complex it can become. Whether that equates to more intelligence is another issue, but one fact is indisputable; What you do in life physically changes what your brain looks like. You can wire and rewire your brain with the simple choice of which musical instrument---or professional sport---you play
Joe Thorn, Note to Self: The Discipline of Preaching to Yourself|Your calling is to be faithful to God where you are, and in doing this all work is sacred, spiritual, and worthy of your full attention and energy. When you get to work, you are not entering a secular environment as much as you are bringing the sacred into the world by following Christ wherever you are.
Sojourner Truth|You have been having our rights so long, that you think, like a slave-holder, that you own us. I know that it is hard for one who has held the reins for so long to give up; it cuts like a knife. It will feel all the better when it closes up again.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|You get use to someone—start to like them, even—and they leave. In the end, everyone leaves.
Marilyn Nelson, Pemba's Song: A Ghost Story|Pride is the chalice into which all human sins are poured: it glitters and jingles and its arabesque lures your gaze, while your lips involuntarily touch the seductive beverage.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Did you know you could destroy dragons? Dragons are not actually real, they just roar to scare you away from your goals. In fact they are afraid of determined heroes, they take flight at their approach
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|Make big commitments, keep them, and never offer reasons when you don't make things happen.
Alan Jacobs, The Narnian: The Life and Imagination of C.S. Lewis|Scout- .. Uncle Jack?"Uncle Jack- "Ma'am?"Scout- "What's a whore-lady?
T.C. Boyle|In order to create you have to believe in your ability to do so and that often means excluding whole chunks of normal life, and, of course, pumping yourself up as much as possible as a way of keeping on. Sort of cheering for yourself in the great football stadium of 
Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light|This wasn't the first time that I'd come close to death, but it was the first time I'd been involved in this part of it, this strange, terrible saying goodbye to someone you've loved.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Do not shoot. Please.If you are convinced that you are not a liar, you probably analyze every one, instead of evaluating nothing. Questions are the most effective advertisements.
Rory Stewart|I'm just not into trying to convince people like me. I always say to myself, 'It is what it is.' I walk into a situation knowing that people are either going to love me or they're not, and that's OK. I'm just going to be me. You can't be everything to everyone.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Look, let me just say it: He was hot. A nonhot boy stares at you relentlessly and it is, at best, awkward and, at worst, a form of assault. But a hot boy . . . well.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|To get it all done I have to dim my brain, turn it down by notches like the flat-turn knob on a gas lantern, leaving only a nub of flame.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Watch your back, little wolf, they say. Enemies arise from unexpected places.
Tom Cook, Vampire Chic (edition 3) Dagon Jamm P. I.|when you live outside the law, you have to be flexible
Danika Stone, All the Feels|She scanned the Starveil posts, her mood darkening. Spartan had been a part of her life since elementary school. Losing him felt like having a piece of herself torn away. No amount of fix-it fics or alternate universes could change the fact her one true character had died.
Lindsey Vonn|The world is so unpredictable. Things happen suddenly, unexpectedly. We want to feel we are in control of our own existence. In some ways we are, in some ways we're not. We are ruled by the forces of chance and coincidence.
James Nachtwey|Okay, so, sometimes in life, I can be a score-keeper - someone who keeps track of what he gives and what he gets in return. An annoying quality, to say the least, and I'm sure my wife has your sympathy, but it's made me highly attuned to when and where credit is due.
Saroo Brierley, A Long Way Home|Breakfast was the full whammy: eggs, rashers, sausages, black pudding, fried bread, fried tomatoes. This was clearly some kind of statement, but I couldn't work out whether it was See, we're doing just grand without you, or I'm still slaving my fingers to the bone for you even though you don't deserve it, or possibly We'll be even when this lot gives you a heart attack.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|Yeah, well, you believe what you want to. I live in the real world.
