Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|It is time for us to open our eyes. It is time for us to awaken to new possibilities and make them real. It is time for us to awaken our dormant spirituality-first as individuals, then as whole nations, and finally as the whole of humanity-and raise up our collective consciousness.-Healing Society: A Prescription for Global Enlightenment
Lawrence Kasdan, Silverado: The Screenplay|All mountain people are like that. No matter where you go, the mountains call you back.
John Ortberg|This day will never come again and anyone who fails to eat and drink and taste and smell it will never have it offered to him again in all eternity. The sun will never shine as it does today...But you must play your part and sing a song, one of your best. 
Mac Barnett, The Case of the Case of Mistaken Identity|This was so unfunny, Steve had to laugh.
Audre Lorde|We tend to think of the erotic as an easy, tantalizing sexual arousal. I speak of the erotic as the deepest life force, a force which moves us toward living in a fundamental way.
Richard Robert Osmer|Active critical reflection is necessary in every aspect of our teaching, not only in front of a class. We must try to reevaluate our own values and experiences as they relate to our teaching. Our assumptions and theories about teaching composition must remain open to inspection, evaluation, and revision, a condition that requires an active inquiry paralleling the inquiry in which we engage our students.
Colin Powell|The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve.Any time you tolerate mediocrity in others, it increases your mediocrity. Animportant attribute in successful people is their impatience with negativethinking and negative acting people. As you grow, your associates willchange. Some of your friends will not want you to go on. They will want youto stay where they are. Friends that don't help you climb will want you tocrawl. Your friends will stretch your vision or choke your dream. Those thatdon't increase you will eventually decrease you.Consider this:Never receive counsel from unproductive people. Never discuss your problemswith someone incapable of contributing to the solution, because those whonever succeed themselves are always first to tell you how. Not everyone hasa right to speak into your life. You are certain to get the worst of thebargain when you exchange ideas with the wrong person. Don't follow anyonewho's not going anywhere.With some people you spend an evening: with others you invest it. Be carefulwhere you stop to inquire for directions along the road of life. Wise is theperson who fortifies his life with the right friendships. If you run withwolves, you will learn how to howl. But, if you associate with eagles, youwill learn how to soar to great heights."A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by thekind of friends he chooses."The simple but true fact of life is that you become like those with whom youclosely associate - for the good and the bad.Note: Be not mistaken. This is applicable to family as well as friends.Yes...do love, appreciate and be thankful for your family, for they willalways be your family no matter what. Just know that they are human firstand though they are family to you, they may be a friend to someone else andwill fit somewhere in the criteria above."In Prosperity Our Friends Know Us. In Adversity We Know Our friends.""Never make someone a priority when you are only an option for them.""If you are going to achieve excellence in big things,you develop the habit in little matters.Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.."..
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening: New International Version|How is it more for the glory of God to save man irresistibly, than to save him as a free agent, by such grace as he may either concur or resist?
Russell Grandinetti|Speaking of libraries: A big open-stack academic or public library is no small pleasure to work in. You're, say, trying to do a piece on something in Nevada, and you go down to C Floor, deep in the earth, and out to what a miner would call a remote working face. You find 10995.497S just where the card catalog and the online computer thought it would be, but that is only the initial nick. The book you knew about has led you to others you did not know about. To the ceiling the shelves are loaded with books about Nevada. You pull them down, one at a time, and sit on the floor and look them over until you are sitting on a pile five feet high, at which point you are late home for dinner and you get up and walk away. It's an incomparable boon to research, all that; but it is also a reason why there are almost no large open-stack libraries left in the world.
Marjorie Garber, Shakespeare and Modern Culture|If any era should be aware of the temptations to rewrite history, it is our own.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Wars, wars, wars': reading up on the region I came across one moment when quintessential Englishness had in fact intersected with this darkling plain. In 1906 Winston Churchill, then the minister responsible for British colonies, had been honored by an invitation from Kaiser Wilhelm II to attend the annual maneuvers of the Imperial German Army, held at Breslau. The Kaiser was 'resplendent in the uniform of the White Silesian Cuirassiers' and his massed and regimented infantry...Strange to find Winston Churchill and Sylvia Plath both choosing the word 'roller,' in both its juggernaut and wavelike declensions, for that scene.
L.P. Hartley, The Go-Between|To my mind's eye, my buried memories of Brandham Hall are like effects of chiaroscuro, patches of light and dark: it is only with effort that I see them in terms of colour. There are things I know, though I don't know how I know them, and things that I remember. Certain things are established in my mind as facts, but no picture attaches to them; on the other hand there are pictures unverified by any fact which recur obsessively, like the landscape of a dream.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Violence leads to madness, it fills you with crazy thoughts. You sleep it, eat it and shit it. You become a time bomb. They push you a bit more – you blow up. They beat you and you survive. You get strong and you blow again. So how long can a man live this way? I’ll tell you…until he dies, if need be. It becomes a way of life, but I don’t remember it, why? Simple…it’s painful; it’s empty and alone. Your cell becomes a hole in the earth, it sucks you in. You drown in your own bitterness, it’s not right to live this way.
Barbara Kruger|Encouraging young people to believe in themselves and find their own voice whether it's through writing, drama or art is so important in giving young people a sense of self-worth.
Peter Newman|From the corners of her mouth, thick yellow goo bubbles. It matches the mess between Vesper's fingers, the slime on her chin, on her legs, the blobs that randomly pepper things, the blast radius massive, confounding
Veronica Roth|Psyche you out?" I repeat. "I'm your FRIEND. I wouldn't do that." He doesn't say anything. I can tell he doesn't believe me-not quite.
Nigel Slater, Toast: The Story of a Boy's Hunger|Daddy, how come in Kansas City the bagels taste like just round bread?
Martin Scorsese|Life isn't meant to be easy. It's hard to take being on the top - or on the bottom. I guess I'm something of a fatalist. You have to have a sense of history, I think, to survive some of these things... Life is one crisis after another.
Jennifer Doudna|We often hear people talk about the concept of 'uberization,' where a new technology completely turns an industry on its head and forces us to rethink the way things have always been done. No industry will remain untouched by these forces.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|Katherine stared intently at the cold, hard steel. She knew it would be loaded and that, if need be, there was extra ammunition in the back of the drawer. She would not be one of those girls, the ones who sit idly by and wait for the answers to come to them.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.
James Gleick, The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood|Everything we care about lies somewhere in the middle, where pattern and randomness interlace.
Terra Harmony, Water|It is difficult to find anything more healthy to drink than good cold water, such as flows down to us from springs and snows of our mountains. This is the beverage we should drink. It should be our drink at all times.
Matthew Perry|I was a guy who wanted to become famous. There was steam coming out of my ears, I wanted to be famous so badly. You want the attention, you want the bucks, and you want the best seat in the restaurant. I didn't think what the repercussions would be.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|To hear is one thing, to know is another.
Jebreel Nahaary|The writer sat besides the weeping Gilgamesh, witnessed the sinking of the unsinkable ships. He was there, and he wasn't. Like a naturalist observing the tarn of life from an unseen bubble of neutrality.
Michael Steele|English has been this vacuum cleaner of a language, because of its history meeting up with the Romans and then the Danes, the Vikings and then the French and then the Renaissance with all the Latin and Greek and Hebrew in the background.
Karen Fowler, Memories For Sale|One couldn’t be selective when remembering the past. Ignore the turmoil, chaos and pain – and the truly great memories would not shine with such luster.
Kenneth H. Blanchard|Now everyone dreams of a love faithful and true,But you and I know what this world can do.So let's make our steps clear so the other may see.And I'll wait for you...should I fall behind wait for me.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|Because it hardly ends with falling in love. Just the opposite. I don't need to tell you, Your Honor, I sense that you understand true loneliness. How you fall in love and it's there that the work begins: day after day, year after year, you must dig yourself up, exhume the contents of your mind and sould for the other to sift through so that you might be known to him, and you, too, must spend days and years wading through all that he excavates for you alone, the archaeology of his being, how exhausting it became, the digging up and the wading through, while my own work, my true work, lay waiting for me. Yes, I always thought there would be more time left for me, more time left for us, and for the child we might one day have, but I never felt that my work could be put aside as they could, my husband and the idea of our child, a little boy or girl that I sometimes even tried to imagine, but always only vaguely enough that he or she remained a ghostly emissary of our future, just her back while she sat playing with her blocks on the floor, or just his feet sticking out of the blanket on our bed, a tiny pair of feet. What of it, there would be time for them, for the life they stood for, the one I was not yet prepared to live because I had not yet done what I had meant to do in this one.
Debasish Mridha|Yesterday was good, but let us dream and work hard to make tomorrow even better.
Baron d'Holbach|Very few people use landline phones for much of anything. So when you talk about things like online chat and social media messages and emails, what you're really talking about is the full extent of human communication.
Juan Gabriel|I think the meaning of abortion is what the woman says it is: For a woman who wants a child but can't have this one, it can be sad; for a woman who doesn't want a baby, it can feel like a huge relief, like having your whole life given back to you.
Mindy Starns Clark, Secrets of Harmony Grove|As I stumble through this lifehelp me to create more laughter than tears, dispense more cheer than gloom, spread more joy than despair. Never let me become so indifferent that I will fail to see the wonder in the eyes of a child, or the twinkle in the eyes of the aged. Never let me forget that my total effort is to cheer people, make them happy, and forget momentarily all the unpleasantness in their lives. And in my final moment, may I hear You whisper, 'When you made My people smile, you made Me smile.
Julie Andrews Edwards, The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles|If you remain calm in the midst of great chaos, it is the surest guarantee that it will eventually subside.
Debasish Mridha|The purpose of religion is to enhance love, compassion, kindness, and care.It teaches us forgiveness, humility, tolerance, patience, and to share.
Dolly Parton|I have a great love for cuisine, so I'm always interested in local food, and there are so many interesting dishes, spices and ingredients in India.
Kamand Kojouri|Do not go to my grave. Mary knows, I am not there. Look for me in between pages and on people’s lips.Do not go to my old school. Do not go to my old house —I am not in any of those places. Look for me in your hearts and greet me there.
Bobby Orr|We are masters of our characters and in turn, slaves of their outgrowth.
Tamora Pierce, Trickster's Queen|That night, the Raka conspirators had plenty of news to report, particularly Ochobu. Aly had not known that the mages of the Chain had been laboring to eliminate any mages who had worked magic on the Crown’s behalf. So far they had killed seven of the most powerful.Chelaol would call this count of the dead another ‘good start,’ Aly thought grimly. This crude business of counting up lives taken struck her as a bad idea. It took the horror from death. When Ochobu named four mages on Lombyn who had had been killed in the streets of their towns, it had been about numbers, not lives. Maybe this is how you become a Rittevon, she thought. You get used to the dead being described as numbers, not fathers or daughters or grandparents.She turned to Dove when Ochobu finished, 'don’t ever be like this,' she urged. 'don’t think that it doesn’t matter if you only hear of murder as a number. If you keep it at a distance.
Steve Maraboli|Just because she has high standards, doesn't mean she’s high maintenance. Don’t confuse the two.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|And uh, forget the money. Because, if you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you will spend your life wasting your time. You will be doing things you don’t like doing in order to go on living, that is, in order to do things you don’t like doing, which is stupid. Better to have a short life that is full of things you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way.
Sarah Pinborough, Beauty|Sometimes,' Beauty said softly, sipping from her silver goblet, 'everyone needs to let the beast inside them out for a while'. She laughed, a sound like a waterfall meeting the sea and more glitter escaped from her fingertips. 'I like to see it. We all have our dark lusts. We should enjoy them.
Arti Honrao|One minute you are here and the next moment you are some place else, some time a long ago. That is the thing about your mind. Memories. Everything still exists in the folds of your brain; you may try to forget or honestly believe that you have forgotten but nothing is ever erased. Every memory is registered, good or bad does not matter. Sometimes you bring some out on purpose, sometimes some memory jumps at you on its own, shocking you, shaking you, making you realize how far you have come and at the same time proving to you that you can never really go far enough.
Nell Zink|I think of myself as a positive agnostic. I don't know, therefore I'm open. I don't know, therefore I'm interested.
Karl Marlantes|The United States established itself as a trustworthy new nation in its first two decades after the Revolutionary War by paying its debts, even when many in the country believed it had no obligation to do so. Alexander Hamilton, the founder of this newspaper, insisted on it.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t wait for a vacation to enjoy life. Start to enjoy it now, today, wherever you are.
James Nesbitt|Not many people are really that meticulous with what they do, I suppose, but I'm just a control freak and terribly afraid of failure or regret. I work very hard on these things.
Raphael Zernoff|When we choose to operate on the frequency of compassion and kindness, we create, and reinforce our own reality, as filled with compassion and kindness. I refer here to the idea of unconditional compassion and kindness. It means that we can choose to react to any situation, as negative as it may seem to be, with kindness and understanding. Whenever someone chooses to be rude to us, there is no need for us to respond with rudeness. A moment of self-reflection can remind us that fire fought with fire only increases the heat. The more often we practice our conscious positive response, to any situation, our automatic negative reactions are gradually being replaced with a conscious decision to act in the most loving way we can conceive at the moment.
Laurell K. Hamilton|when you live forever and don't age, it gives you time to hope
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If people paid more attention to death, eternity, and judgment, there would be more holy living on earth.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Sex is in everything. All our novels, songs, films, all the stuff in the name of entertainment is nothing but marketing of sex in multiple and disguised forms.
Jan Ellison, A Small Indiscretion|All that existed was the blinding imperative to not think, to leave it all behind. To have it all fade to black in the throes of a truly good orgasm. To thrust and rock and pound until he came long and hard. To reach the pinnacle as fast as he could, to leap off the edge and truly leave all his earth-bound worries behind.He was a cave man. He was a Neanderthal. He was fucking Cro-Magnon.
J.W. Lord|You're after perfection,'Matt said.'Is that so awful?''No, it's not, but if you aim for perfection, you've got to be ready to take the consequences of not getting it and one of those is ending up with no one.
Debasish Mridha|I have no special gift. With deep love, I give what I have.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Many [Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers] DONMs have a deeply buried sense that we are inherently flawed. That there is something twisted and evil and nasty and noxious and poisonous about us, and that we were born that way. It‟s part of who we are rather than just something we do. This brings with it a huge all-encompassing sense of shame.
Hubert Martin|In time, he began to see the details that held us like invisible stitches together. The scars we held within, the tears despite our dry faces. He saw the little sigh that came with the song. The way our breathing became labored even though nothing seemed wrong. He peeked into the aimless gaze of daydreamers, reliving their worst moments, commending them on being so strong.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Truth has the biggest mouth in the universe, wisdom has the largest ears, love has the strongest hands, and faith has the ablest feet.
Tupac Shakur|Everyone should have cancer one time - then you'd know that other things aren't important. The guy that gives you the finger at the stoplight don't mean nothing anymore. You come home and something's cold, or you didn't get something in the mail. Big deal. You want to get up every day and see your family and your friends.
Lana Del Rey|I feel like I'm going to HURL. Which, even if I wanted to do, I couldn't do, because I haven't eaten. I can't even drag myself out of my room. And while I'd be able to muster the strength to roundhouse Fang until he begged for MERCY, I'de be mush around an Eraser.
Amy Smart|I'm so depressed. Christmas is the worst of all. Holidays are terrible, worse than Sundays. I get melancholia.
Kevin Mitnick|Small business is the backbone of our economy. I'm for big business, too. But small business is where the jobs are generated.
Abhijit Naskar|Perfection is not to be attained, but to be pursued infinitely.
George R.R. Martin|Mislabeled the sign,” a cocky voice called from the door. “Should read ‘Doggie Daycare’ with the number of pups packed into this place.
Satchel Paige|My uncles and other relatives are against encouraging girls in every aspect, and that includes sports. I hardly interact with them. My parents are more open. They back me all the way.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|Well, one can't get over the habit of being a liitle girl all at once.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|Yeah, I mean, most people want to escape. Get out of their heads. Out of their lives. Stories are the easiest way to do that.
John Tyler|The Klan had used fear, intimidation and murder to brutally oppress over African-Americans who sought justice and equality and it sought to respond to the young workers of the civil rights movement in Mississippi in the same way.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|The time scale for evolutionary or genetic change is very long. A characteristic period for the emergence of one advanced species from another is perhaps a hundred thousand years; and very often the difference in behavior between closely related species -say, lions and tigers- do not seem very great... But today we do not have ten million years to wait for the next advance. We live in a time when our world is changing at an unprecedented rate. While the changes are largely of our own making, they cannot be ignored. We must adjust and adapt and control, or we perish.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|A younger writer, David Leavitt, would later say he envied White for having “such a representative life”. And it’s true: the zeitgeist blew through White more easily than it did through most people.
Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies|It is not the soul that speaks its mind, but the mind that speaks its soul, that will be heard.
Criss Jami|Christians sometimes make themselves into elephants afraid of mice. You have the Creator of the universe on your side; not to mention, you've been given eternal life. 'Whom or what shall you fear?' To be afraid of anything other than God himself is like an insult to God.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The only way that I could figure they could improve upon Coca-Cola, one of life's most delightful elixirs, which studies prove will heal the sick and occasionally raise the dead, is to put bourbon in it.
Idries Shah|If you have two shirts, sell one and with the money buy a flower’.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|Whatever the goal, small, daily investments can bring big results.
Joel Osteen, Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential|You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It wont happen automatically. You will have to rise up and say, ‘I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me. I’m moving on with my life.
Danny Meyer|The only people for me are the mad ones: the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who... burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow Roman candles.
Diana Joseph, I'm Sorry You Feel That Way: The Astonishing But True Story of a Daughter, Sister, Slut, Wife, Mother, and Friend to Man and Dog|Eventually, many years later, I came to see him the way everyone else saw him—a nice guy who, despite all the damage he did to us, wasn’t a bad man, not inherently bad, anyway. He just wasn’t very bright, and was in over his head on almost every level of life. He was capable of only so much and not a drop more, and because he seemed so harmless and lost, people not only liked him, they protected him.  My mother, despite her poverty, left the opposite impression. She left no doubt that she was psychologically tough and mentally sharp, and because of that the Wozniaks disliked her.  And that was another difference between my mother and father. My father was a whiner, a complainer, a perpetually unhappy man unable to comprehend the simple fact that sometimes life is unfair. My mother never complained, and yet her poverty-stricken life was miserable. She never carried on about the early death of her raging alcoholic mother, or the father who raped her, or of a diet dictated by the restrictions of food stamps.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When people of different religions or countries harm people as a means to create peace, it’s out of the compulsion to make all colors the same. This is also why people think that war is a logical avenue towards creating peace. People who do not have or know inner peace perpetuate these shards of illusions. Thus, they are projecting their fragmented concepts of peace out onto the world.
John Burroughs|In a world where people are hungry for quick fixes and sound bites, for instant gratification, there's no patience for the long, slow rebuilding process: implementing after-school programs, hiring more community workers to act as mentors, adding more job training programs in marginalized areas.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have at our fingertips every pleasure that man is capable of enjoying, and man has abused every gift God ever gave him.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|It was a curious day, slashed abruptly with fleeting, familiar impressions.
Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion|I've had my past lives read, my aura tuned, my chakras aligned, my spirit guides channeled, my palms interpreted, and my kundalini awakened.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|In Bonoboville, the females gently but firmly rule the roost, keeping the males gentle and firm
Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise|Nice" said Paul staring transfixed at Fran's delicate and extreme gaze, like that of a skeleton with eyeballs, or a person with their face peeled off.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Therefore, since Christ suffered in His body, arm yourselves with the same resolve, because anyone who has suffered in his body is done with sin. 1 Peter 4:1
Samanthe Beck, Compromising Her Position|If Blake thought she was going to be some meek, mealy-mouthedpushover grateful for his dick and his non-apologies, he obviously didn’t know what it took to make a room full of tenth graders pay attention.
Dan Pink|An entrepreneur needs to know what they need, period. Then they need to find an investor who can build off whatever their weaknesses are - whether that's through money, strategic partnerships or knowledge.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|You listen to me, and listen good!" she shouted, shocking me. "I am not evil because I have a thousand years of demon smut on my soul!" she exclaimed, the tips of her hair trembling and her face flushed. "Every time you disturb reality, nature has to balance it out. The black on your soul isn't evil, it's a promise to make up for what you have done. It's a mark, not a death sentence. And you can get rid of it given time.""Ceri, I'm sorry," I fumbled, but she wasn't listening. "You're an ignorant, foolish, stupid witch," she berated, and I cringed, my grip tightening on the copper spell pot and feeling the anger from her like a whip. "Are you saying because I carry the stink of demon magic, that I'm a bad person?""No..." I wedged in."That God will show no pity?" she said, green eyes flashing. "That because I made one mistake in fear that led to a thousand more that I will burn in hell?""No. Ceri -" I took a step forward."My soul is black," she said, her fear showing in her suddenly pale cheeks. "I'll never be rid of it all before I die, but it won't be because I'm a bad person but because I was a frightened one.
Lorena McCourtney, Invisible|I wrapped my hands around the familiar cup and tried to draw strength from it. It was from Thea's old Moss Rose set, remnant of careful scrimping and saving in her first year of marriage. Yet the mellow old cup now brought me no comfort, only a feeling of helplessness, of time slipping away. Sunday-best dishes gone to everyday and now to mismatched pieces. Like Thea and me
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Each day was very much like any other day, because they were alone so much that nothing ever disturbed them.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|I don't know why we take our worst moods so much more seriously than our best, crediting depression with more clarity than euphoria. We dismiss peak moments and passionate love affairs as an ephemeral chemical buzz, just endorphins or hormones, but accept those 3 a.m. bouts of despair as unsentimental insights into the truth about our lives.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|We did not learn how to feel or experience our bodies, how to appreciate our own strengths, how to value or respect or understand the packages we came in. Instead, we learned how to look at them, to pair sexuality with desirability, to measure the worth of our bodies by their capacity to elicit admiration from others.
Debasish Mridha|The secret to happiness, peace, and self-confidence is to forgive yourself and forgive others.
Dalai Lama XIV|Many people today agree that we need to reduce violence in oursociety. If we are truly serious about this, we must deal with theroots of violence, particularly those that exist within each of us. Weneed to embrace 'inner disarmament,' reducing our own emotions ofsuspicion, hatred and hostility toward our brothers and sisters.
Mensah Oteh|If you want to succeed, make it a study first then practice it and finally live it daily.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|Work, the gospel of work, the sanctity of work, laborare est orare - all that tripe and nonsense. 'Work!' he once broke out contemptuously against the reasonable expostulations of Philip Quarles, 'work is no more respectable than alcohol, and it serves exactly the same purpose: it just distracts the mind, makes a man forget himself. Work's simply a drug, that's all. It's humiliating that men shouldn't be able to live without drugs, soberly; it's humiliating that they shouldn't have the courage to see the world and themselves as they really are. They must intoxicate themselves with work. It's stupid. The gospel of work's just a gospel of stupidity and funk. Work may be prayer; but it's also hiding one's head in the sand, it's also making such a din and a dust that a man can't hear himself speak or see his own hand before his face. It's hiding yourself from yourself. No wonder the Samuel Smileses and the big business men are such enthusiasts for work. Work gives them the comforting illusion of existing, even of being important. If they stopped working, they'd realize that they simply weren't there at all, most of them. Just holes in the air, that's all. Holes with perhaps a rather nasty smell in them. Most Smilesian souls must smell rather nasty, I should think. No wonder they daren't stop working. They might find out what they really are, or rather aren't. It's a risk they haven't the courage to take.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|I feel like getting married, or committing suicide, or subscribing to 'LIllustration. Something desperate, you know."Zagreus smiled. "You're a poor man, Mersault. That explains half of your disgust. And the other half you owe to your own submission to poverty.
Molly Harper, A Witch's Handbook of Kisses and Curses|Wait until you meet my family. At Thanksgiving, we kill everything we can find, put it into a pot, and call it 'holiday gumbo'.
Victoria Osteen|A man of real purpose puts his faith in himself always. Sometimes he refuses even to put his faith in the gods. So from time to time, he falls into error.
Tess Gerritsen|I trained initially as a physical chemist, and then, after becoming interested in biology, I went to medical school and learned how to be a physician. So, I'm a physician scientist.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|It would take her thousands of steps to get anywhere, but she would get there easily, and when she arrived, in the present, it would seem like it had been a single movement that brought her there. Did existence ever seem worked for? One seemed simply to be here, less an accumulation of moments than a single arrangement continuously gifted from some inaccessible future.
Toni Morrison|There is really nothing more to say-except why. But since why is difficult to handle, one must take refuge in how.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Don't fear mistakes, they are your stepping stone to success
Michelle Blake|One of the essential paradoxes of Advent: that while we wait for God, we are with God all along ,that while we need to be reassured of God’s arrival, or the arrival of our homecoming, we are already at home. While we wait, we have to trust, to have faith, but it is God’s grace that gives us that faith. As with all spiritual knowledge, two things are true, and equally true, at once. The mind can’t grasp paradox; it is the knowledge of the soul.
Richmond Akhigbe|Life's all about balance. To move on in life you have to strike a balance between your past, present, and your future; you may either be jerked off or left behind.
Mario J. Molina|To understand a science, it is necessary to know its history.
Tom Reeves|When you healed this tree, I felt like the leaves waved and made gentle sounds. Maybe the tree was saying thank you.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowering Women 101: If a normal man wants you he will let you know. You won't have to guess. He will move mountains to bring you into his life. If he is abnormal he will string you along, drop a trail of crumbs and clues for you to follow, in order to keep you guessing. This type of man desires you, but doesn't value you.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Sometimes when I watch my dog, I think about how good life can be, if we only lose ourselves in our stories. Lucy doesn't read self-help books about how to be a dog; she just IS a dog. All she wants to do is chase ducks and sticks and do other things that make both her and me happy. It makes me wonder if that was the intention for man, to chase sticks and ducks, to name animals, to create families, and to keep looking back at God to feed off his pleasure at our pleasure.
John Flanagan, The Royal Ranger|Will covers a multitude of flaws, just as love covers a multitude of sins.
Colin Flaherty, White Girl Bleed a Lot|Since neither black animosity nor the Left’s falsehood of “racial tensions” is based on the actual behavior of the vast majority of white Americans, nothing white America can do will affect the perceptions of many black Americans or of the leftist libel.
Richmond Akhigbe|If you want to get the best out of people, ask them for help rather than assigning them work.
Robert J. Ringer, Winning through Intimidation: How to Be the Victor, Not the Victim, in Business and in Life|Every person has the inherent right to "self-proclaim"--to announce, at any time he chooses, that he is on any level he chooses to be on.
Martin Luther King Jr.|You should never leave your "house of bread", under any pretence, whether it is oppression, troubles or hardships.
Manolo Blahnik|I'm so not interesting in having to try and make something out of foil."What, you didn't like the poncho with wraparound leggings?"It was beyond hideou- wait a minute. You watch that show?"My mom loves it."But your suppose to be sulking in the basement getting ready to light fires."What can I say? I'm a failure as a teenager. I watch TV with my mom.
shaikh mustafa|DONT praise her lovely EYES,UNLESS you have a LOVELY FACE.
Unarine Ramaru|In my own opinion, the average American's cultural shortcomings can be likened to those of the educated barbarians of ancient Rome. These were barbarians who learned to speak--and often to read and write--Latin. They acquired Roman habits of dress and deportment. Many of them handily mastered Roman commercial, engineering and military techniques--but they remained barbarians nonetheless. They failed to develop any understanding, appreciation or love for the art and culture of the great civilization around them.
Drew Karpyshyn, Path of Destruction|If a negative viewer looks at you with an ugly fiendish eye, find a way and pluck off his eyes, or better still, protect your good image.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|The man was potent to her system, her very own drug.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|As long as you’re breathing, it’s never too late to reconnect with a long-held love.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|...once students have been taught that learning is tedious, difficult, and useless, they will never learn another lesson.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
Sarah Ruhl, Chekhov's Three Sisters & Woolf's Orlando|I think a person has to believe in something,or search out some kind of faith;otherwise life is empty, nothing.How can you live not knowing why the cranes fly,why children are born, why there are stars in the sky...Either you know why you live,or it's all small, unnecessary bits.
Rachel Vincent, Shift|If I love you more than you love me, I’m as good as dead. Yet I can’t make myself take it back. I can’t just walk away from you, because every time you pass by me without smiling, without touching my hand, or at least making eye contact, it feels like I’m dying inside.
Maria Sharapova|I hope to play until I'm, like, 38 or something, and that's a lot of years in the game and a lot of travel and a lot of sacrifice on my family's part.
Pupola, Never One|In the void of the mind, what are your dreams?
Anthony Liccione|Money spent, will never out value spent time.
Elizabeth Rudnick, A Frozen Heart|What was wrong with her? Why did things like this keep happening to her? Love wasn't supposed to hurt, yet it felt like all she knew when it came to love was pain. Every time she opened her heart, she just got burned. Or, in this case, frozen. And she was getting sick and tired of it.
Marc Andreessen|Technology is like water; it wants to find its level. So if you hook up your computer to a billion other computers, it just makes sense that a tremendous share of the resources you want to use - not only text or media but processing power too - will be located remotely.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|The flowers in the bride’s hand are sadly like the garland which decked the heifers of sacrifice in old times!”“Still, Sue, it is no worse for the woman than for the man. That’s what some women fail to see, and instead of protesting against the conditions they protest against the man, the other victim; just as a woman in a crowd will abuse the man who crushes against her, when he is only the helpless transmitter of the pressure put upon him.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|What we most love is not what we know, but what knows us and draws us. . . . (78)
Steve Maraboli|There is no saint here. I have attained wisdom from life's experiences... the positive, the negative, the destructive, the nourishing. I have been medicine for some and poison for others. I've learned a lot about heaven from aligning with angels and I have learned a lot about hell from acting like a devil. I offer my scars... what you call "wisdom"... Seeds of knowledge that have been watered by tears and flowers of hope that are nourished by love... It's a garden of experience made beautiful by self acceptance... The insight I have gathered from my comfort of living within both the light and the shadow.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|Unforgiveness is a strategic "design," craftily implemented by you enemy to "outwit" you, to cripple your effectiveness in prayer and your power to stand against him victoriously. Which is why, if I were your enemy, I would do everything possible to keep you from forgiving anyone and everyone who's done you any wrong.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Angelina Jolie|I can take it. The tougher it gets, the cooler I get.
John Kerr, A Most Dangerous Method: The Story of Jung, Freud & Sabina Spielrein|Sometimes when a person is not being heard, it is appropriate to blame him or her. Perhaps he or she is speaking obscurely; perhaps he is claiming too much; perhaps she is speaking rather too personally. And one can, perhaps, charge Spielrein on all three counts. But, on balance, her inability to win recognition for her insight into repression was not her fault; it was Freud’s and Jung’s. Preoccupied with their own theories, and with each other, the two men simply did not pause even to take in the ideas of this junior colleague let alone to lend a helping hand in finding a more felicitous expression for her thought. More ominously still, both men privately justified their disregard by implicitly casting her once more into the role of patient, as though that role somehow precluded a person from having a voice or a vision of his or her own. It was and remains a damning comment on how psychoanalysis was evolving that so unfair a rhetorical maneuver, one so at odds with the essential genius of the new therapeutic method, came so easily to hand. In the great race between Freud and Jung to systematize psychoanalytic theory, to codify it once and for all, a simpler truth was lost sight of: Sometimes a person is not heard because she is not listened to.
Deborah Brodie|This is not a reaction to your words or actions, rather, it is in direct response to them
Terry Eagleton, Why Marx Was Right|Capitalism means that a few people will do very well, and the rest will serve the few.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Summoning my inner Kojak, I tried to convince myself that she would have sat next to me even had there been somewhere else on the bus to sit. Unfortunately, I didn't do a very good job of self-persuasion. Good thing I wasn't in court suing myself, because I would have lost. From: "My Best Valentine's Day.Ever: A Short Story
The Invisible Committee, The Coming Insurrection|Give us what belongs to us in peace, and if you don't give it to us in peace, we will take it by force.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|The rain continued. It was a hard rain, a perpetual rain, a sweating and steaming rain; it was a mizzle, a downpour, a fountain, a whipping at the eyes, an undertow at the ankles; it was a rain to drown all rains and the memory of rains.
Jacques Yves Cousteau|I've reached the point where I hardly care whether I live or die. The world will keep on turning without me, and I can't do anything to change events anyway.
Embee, Tess Embers|For a good ten minutes or so we stand there with the flashlight burning the grave with light. The whole time, I'm trying to guess where and exactly how he died and, more to the point, realizing that poor old Milla's been without him for sixty-years. I can tell. No other man has entered her life. Not the way her Jimmy did. She's been waiting sixty years for Jimmy to come back. And now he has.
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Mark you, no Krishna can clear your eyes and make you look with a broader vision upon life in your march upward and onward, until the Self within you morphs into Krishna – until the Self morphs into Buddha – until the Self turns into Christ.
Jessica Sorensen, Nova and Quinton: No Regrets|Mind-blowing sex?" I couldn't believe I'd asked, but how could I not? It was like dangling a giant slice of chocolate cake in front of a hungry person on a diet and telling them not to take a bite.
Sven Moragues|Those who follow the flock, eat the shit, not the grass.
Ellen Glasgow|Our generation has an incredible amount of realism, yet at the same time it loves to complain and not really change. Because, if it does change, then it won't have anything to complain about.
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy, What You Seek Is Seeking You|Authentic leadership is leadership that endures, because it exists as a function of the individual rather than a crowd of borrowed opinions.
Kate Lattey, Triple Bar|Because that saying about sticks and stones is a pack of lies. Unkind words hurt more than anything else. You end up carrying them around in your head, wondering if they’re true. Bruises fade, but self-doubt follows you forever.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|I could just hear my mom now, "You know those old candy cigarettes are bad for you. Next thing you know, you'll be drinking alcohol, and they'll find you dead in a ditch somewhere. I'll never be able to show my face in this town again.
Frank Sinatra|Religion is run by thought police. 'Obey. Listen. This is what you do. Don't ask questions. Go die for your country.' The spirituality says, 'Okay, you can die for your country, but know what you're doing while you're doing it.'
Albert Pujols|The truth is, after Boys Don't Cry, I realized how few and far between the great roles are. I am beyond thankful for finding Million Dollar Baby.
Isabel dos Santos|In politics, a picture is worth a thousand words.
Jim George|Meaningful prayer is a matter of the heart, not the eloquence of the words.
John Berger|When France was the only reference for chefs to learn, you could go everywhere in the world, and they would copy dishes directly because they didn't have much expanded imagination or technique or knowledge.
Brent Weeks, The Broken Eye|You see a wile, you thwart. Am I right?
Jennifer Skiff, The Divinity of Dogs: True Stories of Miracles Inspired by Man's Best Friend|Dogs, for a reason that can only be described as divine, have the ability to forgive, let go of the past, and live each day joyously. It’s something the rest of us strive for.
Rumi|Food, to me, is always about cooking and eating with those you love and care for.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Parents rarely let go of their children, so children let go of them. They move on. They move away. The moments that used to define them - a mother's approval, a father's nod - are covered by moments of their own accomplishments. It is not until much later, as the skin sags and the heart weakens, that children understand; their stories, and all their accomplishments, sit atop the stories of their mothers and fathers, stones upon stones, beneath the waters of their lives
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|But new love only lasts so long, and then you crash back into the real people you are, and from as high as we were, it's a very long fall, and we hit the ground with a thud.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|After centuries of dormancy, young women... can now look toward a future moulded by their own hands.
chimamamanda Ngozie Adichie|Culture does not make people. People make culture. if it is true that the full humanity of women is not our culture, then we can and must make it our culture.
Claire Danes|People ask me, 'How's 'Teen Wolf?' and I tell them it's literally the best job I've ever had. It's hard. Everybody wants to be a series regular. It's something that a lot of actors would kill to have. That being said, it's very demanding of you, in so many different ways.
Nikki Rowe|I could give up, it's the easiest optionBut what would I achieve? Many sleepless nights holding regretOf all I didn't seek, That option will never exist to me; My dreams are far too real, Down the hard road I findMy place in the world; the closest To home Ill ever feel.
Charles Eastman|There's a bond among a kitchen staff, I think. You spend more time with your chef in the kitchen than you do with your own family.
Aaron R. Yilmaz, Deliver Us From Evolution?: A Christian Biologist's In-Depth Look at the Evidence Reveals a Surprising Harmony Between Science and God|When God communed with these ancient writers, He did not inform them that the seat of emotion is actually the brain rather than the innards. God is infinitely wise, and His reasons for not correcting the ancients' physiological knowledge can only be speculated upon. One may postulate that to revise the ancients' entire understanding of science was superfluous to the purpose and message God had for these people. God did not feel the need to update their scientific knowledge—perhaps because God felt no need to do so, or perhaps to do so would have bewildered them and made them suspicious of this God who knew nothing of their 'correct' science.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|We are all lumps, and of so various and inform a contexture, that every piece plays, every moment, its own game, and there is as much difference betwixt us and ourselves as betwixt us and others.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, I Thirst|No magnetic wombats, no flying hyenas, no catfish masquerading as samurai, and, MOST CERTAINLY, no Duku jam!
Kim Dominic Solo Paz|In life, not everything we thought is right and not every right thing is what we must do because sometimes you can find even better solution or even better decision. Because everything can be changed or will change without us knowing. Like earlier, I thought that it will rain because there are no stars but now the sky is full of stars. Like in Life, everything might change and maybe not now but eventually it will. Just give it your best shot because there will always be a new day.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|The old duality of body and soul has become shrouded in scientific terminology, and we can laugh at it as merely an obsolete prejudice.But just make someone who has fallen in love listen to his stomach rumble, and the unity of body and soul, that lyrical illusion of the age of science, instantly fades away.
Judith Viorst|All through childhood, I wrote verses and mysteries. There is, for me, one connection: structure. My poetry is metrical, rhyming.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|And our ages never bothered her from the very beginning. I was married, but that didn’t matter, either. She seemed to consider things like age and family and income to be of the same a priori order as shoe size and vocal pitch and the shape of one’s fingernails. The sort of thing that thinking about won’t change one bit. And that much said, well, she had a point.
R.A. Salvatore, Gauntlgrym|Words of the hero: "I am my fate.
E.B. White|This is 1987. A girl can be whatever she wants to be." "I know," said Ray. "My mums a plumber.
Rebecca Rivard, Claiming Valeria|Rui bit out something raw and primitive. He raised his head and she saw his animal in his eyes, a rich, wild gold, and then the room spun and she was on the mattress, his big body covering hers...
Ellen Goodman|The man as he converses is the lover; silent, he is the husband.
Martin Waldseemüller|America is bad at discriminating between danger likely to strike again, and red herrings, the freaking helpings of disaster that no man or plan can prevent.
Karl Marx|Athletes and musicians make astronomical amounts of money. People get paid $100 million to throw a baseball! Shouldn't we all take less and pass some of that money onto others? Think about firefighters, teachers and policemen. We should celebrate people that are intellectually smart and trying to make this world a better place.
D.J. MacHale|I'm sorry I hurt your hand...with my face."-Bobby Pendragon
Azhar Sabri, Sarhad Ke Us Paar|You are the Winner,You are the Looser,You are the Sinner,It all depends upon how serious are you about.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|When one turns seventeen and begins to experience that first period of real independence, one's senses are so alert, one's sentiments so finely attuned that every conversation, every look, every laugh may be writ indelibly upon one's memory. And the friends that one happens to make in those impressionable years? One will meet them forever after with a welling of affection.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He, who don’t know the Almighty God don’t know what He knows for what he knows, knows the Almighty God as the Supreme God!
Dieter Braun, Wild Animals of the North|Even if mankind can go on without them, a piece of our vibrantly diverse world dies along with each species.
Lee Tamahori|In this respect I expressed my doubts about using the Corps directly on the South coast, to form a bridgehead for the Army - as the area immediately behind the coast was now covered with obstacles. These doubts were accepted by Hitler.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|The sense of community is that feeling of togetherness that brings us comfort. We are all alone in the world, so we strive to form bonds with others to eliminate that sense of feeling alone.
Virchand Gandhi|For maybe the first time he could remember, he was very seriously thinking about how to best kill someone he’d never even seen.
Bluenscottish|Begin each day with a promise to self to be grateful ,be kind .be authentic your day will meet your intent ~bns
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|I've been in auditions without screens, and I can assure you that I was prejudiced. I began to listen with my eyes, and there is no way that your eyes don't affect your judgement. The only true way to listen is with your ears and your heart. (p.251)
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion faster than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.
Lance Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|The fault I find in our journalism is that it forces us to take an interest in some fresh triviality or other everyday, whereas only three or four books in a lifetime give us anything that is of real importance.
Tom Wolfe|I never in a million years thought I would be the person to go to for self-esteem; that was not my intent. But I happen to love beauty, I love the way people look, and I love making women look beautiful.
Condoleezza Rice|We are a nation of immigrants, a quilt of many colors, and we've managed over more than two centuries to create a way of life that allows for a reasonable degree of upward mobility, that prizes individual liberty, promotes freedom of religion and genuinely values equal rights for all citizens.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|The centre of me is always and eternally in terrible pain ... A searching for something beyond what the world contains, something transﬁguring and inﬁnite.
Octavia Spencer|Violet speaks Spanish and understands it. She loves Cuban food! My mom is very good at teaching her about our culture, whether it be the food or Spanish or explaining to her that she's Cuban.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|If Cupid misses the heart, he touches the body fatally. (Si Cupidon rate le cœur, - Il touche mortellement le corps)
Jim Corbett|The word 'Terror' is so generally and universally used in connection with everyday trivial matters that it is apt to fail to convey, when intended to do so, its real meaning.
Anne Lamott|I'm moving on. I should have made that clear when I made the announcement. I guess I wasn't clear. If people think you're leaving a show after all these years, you might be retiring. So I understand where they're coming from, but I should have impressed the fact that I hope I'm just moving on right now.
William Dalrymple, White Mughals: Love and Betrayal in Eighteenth-Century India|India is the mother of science; many centuries ago, the first stream of science was flow out from here to flushed the entire world.
Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse, Not For Happiness: A Guide to the So-Called Preliminary Practices|Letting go of a craving is not rejecting it but allowing it to be itself: a contingent state of mind that once arisen will pass away. Instead of forcibly freeing ourselves from it, notice how its very nature is to free itself. To let it go is like releasing a snake that you have been clutching in your hand. By identifying with a craving ('I want this," don't want' that"), you tighten the clutch and intensify its resistance. Instead of being a state of mind that you have, it becomes a compulsion that has you. As with understanding anguish, the challenge in letting go of craving is to act before habitual reactions incapacitate us.
Maria Magdalena|when you have no spirit to seize the day, find it behind the music, between the flowing leaves, beneath the sun rays, and just within yourself. Talk to yourself, be the best friend for yourself, and do not hesitate to ask God help
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|You are part of nature, and its pulse beats in your veins.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Innovation is a question of ambition, and imagination, not a question of investment only.
J.A. Huss|If you can read the book and say, ‘Space Marines, YEEEAAAHHH!’ That’s Military Science Fiction.” (Brigham Young writing lecture, March 2012)
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|Go do your thing, magic girl.
Debbie Ford|I owe the little formal education I got to my drama teacher, Mr. Pickett, who got us to read Shakespeare, Moliere, and other classics.
Stanislav Grof|We hope to find more pieces of the puzzle which will shed light on the connection between this upright, walking ape, our early ancestor, and modern man.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|The birds are literal representations of the witnesses of those ordinary and big moments, but they are also metaphors for time itself, for the passing of time. It occurred to me, many years after I had been here, thinking about this idea, that every moment we have with one another is really our only moment, and because of that our every moment could potentially be a goodbye, so we have to notice and notice and notice.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|How devastating it is to be thought of as arrogant. Surely, we have known each other long enough and well enough, for her to understand that my silence only reflects my sense of trust and satisfaction.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every country on Earth needs a progressive Revolution. But these revolutions must come through the Revolutions in the mind, not through Revolutions using Violence!
Hilary Duff, Devoted|It is the reflection of my face. Often in these lost days I study it: I can understand nothing of this face. The faces of others have some sense, some direction. Not mine. I cannot even decide whether it is handsome or ugly. I think it is ugly because I have been told so. But it doesn't strike me. At heart, I am even shocked that anyone can attribute qualities of this kind to it, as if you called a clod of earth or a block of stone beautiful or ugly.
Michelle Zink, Guardian of the Gate|I should acquaint the reader with the basic principles of the mythology I adhered to then. I believed . . . that inanimate objects were no less fallible than people. They, too, could be forgetful. And, if you had enough patience, you could catch them by surprise.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|There are a million rules for being a girl. There are a million things you have to do to get through each day. High school has things that can trip you up, ruin you, people say one thing and mean another, and you have to know all the rules, you have to know what you can and can't do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those do dare take risks, shall fulfill their passions.
C. JoyBell C.|Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.
Gregory Galloway, As Simple as Snow|I know absolutely nothing about where I'm going. I'm fine with that. I'm happy about it. Before, I had nothing. I had no life, no friends, and no family really, and I didn't really care. I had nothing, and nothing to lose, and then I knew loss. What I cared about was gone; it was all lost. Now I have everything to gain; everything is a clean slate. It's all blank pages waiting to be written on. It's all about going forward. It's all about uncertainty and possibilities.
Ikkyu|I can see clouds a thousand miles away, hear ancient music in the pines.
Donal Harding, Leaving Summer|Can't figure women. Sometimes they're afraid of a spider, other times they're not afraid to stand right up to the devil.
Arthur Schopenhauer|From the RBI side, the fake Indian currency note is an important issue that needed to be addressed. The other collateral benefits from this, in terms of greater accountability, better public finance, more transparency, are, by definition, areas that take time to fully play out.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|Be like water, which is fluid & soft & yielding, as in time, water will overcome rock which is rigid & hard. Therefor, what is soft is strong.
Karen Ann Hopkins, Temptation|It was strange how in that moment of tragedy, it had seemed so unreal, like an old-fashioned movie reel playing on a screen for my eyes only. The pain and broken heart were blocked off for a little while, leaving me numb with disbelief. Shock is what Dad called it. But after a while, the cruel reality started to seep into my tissues, and my body became a sponge, just sucking it all up until, finally, there was so much grief inside, I couldn't help feeling it.That's how it happened for me. First, the numbness right after she died, next the agonising pain and then the place I was at now—the land of perpetual depression.
Lisa Loeb|I was honoured when they asked me to appear at the president's birthday rally in Madison Square Garden. There was like a hush over the whole place when I came on to sing 'Happy Birthday,' like if I had been wearing a slip, I would have thought it was showing or something. I thought, 'Oh, my gosh, what if no sound comes out!'
Plato|The typical Western diet is the number-one cause of premature death and the number-one cause of disability. In other words, a long and healthy life is largely a matter of choice.
Chang-rae Lee|But unlike Lachlan and Alison, my demons aren’t self-induced. My demons are fate’s way of telling me I won’t escape unscathed.
Diplo|I tried to be a goth for a while. I'd pour baby powder on my face and paint my lips black, but that didn't last long. I thought I looked cool at the time. But then you look back and wonder, 'Why did anyone let me out of the house looking like that?'
Eric Maisel Ph.D.|Typically, we start out with enthusiasm and then grow unsure--sometimes about everything.
Stella Gibbons, Nightingale Wood|If there was one thing she'd learned from her parents, it's that pleasure was sacred.
Magda Alexander, Storm Ravaged|His lips follow a trail from my mouth to my jaw, down to my throat. As he nuzzles, he suckles, nips my skin before circling back to my mouth to taste me, ravage me, own me.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Certainly, the sensory deprivation afforded by the remote, silent and totally dark chambers, such as the Diverticule of the Felines in Lascaux and the Horse’s Tail in Altamira, induces altered states of consciousness.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Right is what benefits a nation, even if it is against the will of the people.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Christians can grow in the grace of Christ, with knowledge of God.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|She stood up and took the book from him, and as he smiled over his shoulder at some other kids, she threw it away and kicked him as hard as she could in the vicinity of the groin.Well, as you might imagine, Ludwig Schmeikl certainly buckled, and on the way down, he was punched in the ear. When he landed, he was set upon. When he was set upon, he was slapped and clawed and obliterated by a girl who was utterly consumed with rage. His skin was so warm and soft. Her knuckles and fingernails were so frighteningly tough, despite their smal
Lucas Carlson, Finding Success in Failure: True Confessions From 10 Years of Startup Mistakes|Your past can either cripple you or empower you. You choose. You can let your feelings of inadequacy, guilt, and shame keep you working jobs that suck your soul. Or you can go out and, with a little luck and guidance, write a new story of your life. It can be post-traumatic stress or it can be post-traumatic growth that defines you. You know as well as I do that in reality you don’t have a choice. You know as well as I do that in reality you don’t have a choice. Your skeletons chase you no matter where you hide. It’s about time to find your inner strength to pull through and make something of yourself.
Danielle Panabaker|I'm a dreadful romantic. No matter what I go through in life, I want to fall in love with a man.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|If there were no thunder, men would have little fear of lightning.
Michelle Obama|For me, the cool thing is doing things that could only be done in gaming.
Pharrell Williams|The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions - the little, soon forgotten charities of a kiss or a smile, a kind look or heartfelt compliment.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|the Men, biased by custom, prejudice, and interest, have presumed boldly to pronounce sentence in their own favour, because possession empowered them to make violence take place of justice. And the Men of our times, without trial or examination, have taken the same liberty from the report of other Men. (...) If a Man could thus divest the partiality attach'd to this self, and put on for a minute a state of neutrality, he would be able to see, and forced to acknowledge, that prejudice and precipitance are the chief causes of setting less value upon Women than Men, and giving so much greater excellence and nobility to the latter than to the former. In a word, were the Men Philosophers in the strict sense of the term, they would be able to see that nature invincibly proves a perfect equality in our sex with their own.
Jack Lasenby, The Shaman And The Droll|...there are so many books left to read. For that reason alone it is worth going on living. Books make me happy, the help me escape from reality.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|People wouldn't know this about me, but I adore ball gowns. I love their cut, their architecture and the thought of the hands of so many seamstresses working on them.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes: Volume 1|I understand her immediately. She is an instigator, a fire starter, an accelerant of a human being, throwing herself into the middle of a crowd and lighting it up. She is fucking lighter fluid.
Tadeusz Konwicki, A Minor Apocalypse|Character has outlived its day. In ancient, primitive times, when biologically weak man struggled against omnipotent nature, character was useful, beneficial; with hideous labor it shoved the heavy stone of human impotence forward. We learned to praise ourselves, to admire character, to prostrate ourselves before it, make a fetish of it. But today no one has the courage to discredit character, although, psychologically speaking, it is now a throwback, simply reactionary.
Debasish Mridha|Law of attraction magnetically attracts what you think, what you feel, what you dream consciously and subconsciously in your life.
Manu Herbstein, AMA|I am a human being; I am a woman; I am a black woman; I am an African. Once I was free; then I was captured and became a slave; but inside me, I have never been a slave; even today, inside me, here, and here, I am still a free woman.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|A child said What is the grass? fetching it to me with full hands; How could I answer the child? I do not know what it is any more than he. I guess it must be the flag of my disposition, out of hopeful green stuff woven. Or I guess it is the handkerchief of the Lord, A scented gift and remembrancer designedly dropt, Bearing the owner's name someway in the corners, that we may see and remark, and say Whose? Or I guess the grass is itself a child, the produced babe of the vegetation. Or I guess it is a uniform hieroglyphic, And it means, Sprouting alike in broad zones and narrow zones, Growing among black folks as among white, Kanuck, Tuckahoe, Congressman, Cuff, I give them the same, I receive them the same. And now it seems to me the beautiful uncut hair of graves. Tenderly will I use you curling grass, It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men, It may be if I had known them I would have loved them, It may be you are from old people, or from offspring taken soon out of their mothers' laps, And here you are the mothers' laps. This grass is very dark to be from the white heads of old mothers, Darker than the colorless beards of old men, Dark to come from under the faint red roofs of mouths. O I perceive after all so many uttering tongues, And I perceive they do not come from the roofs of mouths for nothing. ...What do you think has become of the young and old men? And what do you think has become of the women and children? They are alive and well somewhere, The smallest sprout shows there is really no death, And if ever there was it led forward life, and does not wait at the end to arrest it, And ceas'd the moment life appear'd. All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|If you want to add some variety to your sex life, why don't you just use your other hand?" ~ Gabi
Angela Thirkell|How is Mrs. Rivers doing?' asked the agent, a very tall and large man, well-dressed, bald and depressing, with a manner of gliding into his office from a side door without perceptibly moving his feet which had struck terror into many young writers and caused them to accept the lowest terms Mr. Hobb could offer.
Bede Griffiths|The minute you start compromising for the sake of massaging somebody's ego, that's it, game over.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|When it is managed effectively, in-home nursing can become a support for caregivers and families stressed with the care of a medically fragile child.
Sean Silcoff, Losing the Signal: The Untold Story Behind the Extraordinary Rise and Spectacular Fall of BlackBerry|If the iPhone gained traction, RIM’s senior executives believed, it would be with consumers who cared more about YouTube and other Internet escapes than efficiency and security. RIM’s core business customers valued BlackBerry’s secure and efficient communication systems. Offering mobile access to broader Internet content, says Mr. Conlee, “was not a space where we parked our business.
Chesty Puller|On the day when man told the story of his life to man, history was born.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Those were the people who made her something, and without them she was different. She'd held on to them and to that old self tenaciously, though. She clung to it, celebrated it, worshipped it even, instead of constructing a new grown-up life for herself. For years she'd been eating the cold crumbs left over from a great feast, living on them as though they could last her forever.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|A telkhine was hunched over a console, but he was so involved with his work, he didn't notice us. He was about five feet tall, with slick black seal fur and stubby little feet. He had the head of a Doberman, but his clawed hands were almost human. He growled and muttered as he tapped on his keyboard. Maybe he was messaging his friends on uglyface.com.
David Letterman|In the real estate business you learn more about people, and you learn more about community issues, you learn more about life, you learn more about the impact of government, probably than any other profession that I know of.
Sorin Suciu, The Scriptlings|FEBRIZIUM();” said Buggeroff, and the foul smell immediately disappeared as if by, well − Magic.
Toni Morrison|I never asked Tolstoy to write for me, a little colored girl in Lorain, Ohio. I never asked [James] Joyce not to mention Catholicism or the world of Dublin. Never. And I don't know why I should be asked to explain your life to you. We have splendid writers to do that, but I am not one of them. It is that business of being universal, a word hopelessly stripped of meaning for me. Faulkner wrote what I suppose could be called regional literature and had it published all over the world. That's what I wish to do. If I tried to write a universal novel, it would be water. Behind this question is the suggestion that to write for black people is somehow to diminish the writing. From my perspective there are only black people. When I say 'people,' that's what I mean.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|I have received no assurance that anything we can do will eradicate suffering. I think the best results are obtained by people who work quietly away at limited objectives, such as the abolition of the slave trade, or prison reform, or factory acts, or tuberculosis, not by those who think they can achieve universal justice, or health, or peace. I think the art of life consists in tackling each immediate evil as well as we can.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|In the end, Astrid couldn’t do anything about my . . . turning into light, but she made a prediction. She said the sun would help me and I would be cured thanks to its efforts.’‘The sun?’‘Yes. It was the symbol I drew from among the runes. Astrid says it represents . . .’ ‘What?’ he said, looking at me curiously, and I could see that he really wanted to hear the answer. I became embarrassed. ‘It’s not important . . .’ I muttered. ‘Please tell me!’ He turned fully towards me and I could feel myself blushing pink. ‘The . . . man in my life.’I was done for. My heart was beating heavily but Elijah, for the first time since I had awoken, smiled. I was incredibly ashamed of myself, so I made to go back to the house, but the Dark Angel grabbed my wrist.
James Miller|If we further consider this divine panoramic view within which all evil is supposedly a "secret good" is held by a God who, according to Scripture, has a passionate hatred toward all evil, the "solution" becomes more problematic still. For it is certainly not clear how God could hate what he himself wills and sees as a contributing ingredient in the good of the whole. If all things play themselves out according to a divine plan, how can God genuinely hate anything?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|For such is the noble nature of man, that his heart will never wholly lose itself in one single passion or idol, or, as people call it apologetically, one idea. On it goes from one devotion to the next, not because it is ashamed of its first love, but because it must be on fire perpetually. To fall for Reason, as our grandfathers did, is but one Fall of Man among his many passionate attempts to find the apples of knowledge and eternal life, both in one. When a nation, or individual, declines the experiences that present themselves to passionate hearts only, they are automatically turned out from the realm of history. The heart of man either falls in love with somebody or something, or it falls ill. It can never go unoccupied. And the great question for mankind Is what is to be loved or hated next, whenever an old love or fear has lost its hold.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Instead of revering a four-year brief historical aberration that was called the Confederacy we can celebrate all 300 years of our rich, diverse history as a place named New Orleans and set the tone for the next 300 years.
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|A low, purring rumble reverberated in his chest, his voice tight when he spoke. "Ah, hell, You're naked.
Kiki J.P. Deering|I wish I had someone I could call without feeling guilty. Someone I could tell about my day, about the weird things going on in my head, the poems I’m thinking about writing, and they would listen and care and tell me about how their cat has gone to throwing up in their shoes, and the way the fall leaves make them feel, about how hard it’s been lately. We could both share, and feel heard. We could both listen, and feel understood. I just want a connection that doesn’t feel one sided.
Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory|But I'm a bad priest, you see. I know--from experience--how much beauty Satan carried down with him when he fell. Nobody ever said the fallen angels were the ugly ones. Oh, no, they were just as quick and light and . . .
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|You’re not in this alone anymore. I’m not going anywhere, and if you’ll let me, I’ve got broad shoulders for you to lean on whenever you need me.
James Hockley, Fear's Union|At the edge of his consciousness, just outside the comprehensible grasp, he could sense the maelstrom of his repressed emotions; the humanity that was forced from him long ago. What was left was pure emotionless logic. Gone was the pre-tense of bumbling simpleton; gone was the outward show of social mediocrity; there was no reason to play human now. This was where Kato thrived, what he was crafted for, and as panic settled on the mortals below, Kato slowly unfurled the phenomenon that lay within.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Business is fluid and you can always improve and progress as your time and financial resources allow, and as your learningcurve shortens.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|I knew in that moment, we were never meant to surrender our childlike innocence, to trade a world in which we fit like a glove for one that hung on us like ill-fitting hand-me-downs. However, all about us insisted on our membership. And instead of a handshake or a mystical password as entrance into this spurious society, we agreed instead to share a lie, the one that says we’re safe, secure, and fulfilled living this way.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Reading is my passion and my escape since I was 5 years old. Overall, children don't realize the magic that can live inside their own heads. Better even then any movie.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Celebrate your life, you are your own light.
Andrew Billings|This book is dedicated to the much needed establishing of greater unity in the wider body of Christ. It is dedicated to agreement with the prayer that Jesus prayed:“I do not pray for these alone, but also for those who will believe in Me through their word; that they all may be one, as You, Father, are in Me, and I in You; that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that You sent Me. And the glory which You gave Me I have given them, that they may be one just as We are one:”John 17:20-22 NKJV
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|What anger wants, it buys at the price of soul.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|O Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done,The ship has weather’d every rack, the prize we sought is won,The port is near, the bells I hear, the people all exulting,While follow eyes the steady keel, the vessel grim and daring; But O heart! heart! heart! O the bleeding drops of red, Where on the deck my Captain lies, Fallen cold and dead.O Captain! my Captain! rise up and hear the bells;Rise up—for you the flag is flung—for you the bugle trills,For you bouquets and ribbon’d wreaths—for you the shores a-crowding,For you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning; Here Captain! dear father! This arm beneath your head! It is some dream that on the deck, You’ve fallen cold and dead.My Captain does not answer, his lips are pale and still,My father does not feel my arm, he has no pulse nor will,The ship is anchor’d safe and sound, its voyage closed and done,From fearful trip the victor ship comes in with object won; Exult O shores, and ring O bells! But I with mournful tread, Walk the deck my Captain lies, Fallen cold and dead.
David D. Gilmore, Monsters: Evil Beings, Mythical Beasts, And All Manner Of Imaginary Terrors|I don't want your love unless you know I am repulsive, and love me even as you know it.
Kiera Woodhull, Chaos of the Mind|Where is my oasis? Too far fromhere for me to crawl with thesedead legs, refusing to co-operateHands and fingers clawing uselesslythrough the grains of sand...
Mignon McLaughlin|If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|This place does not feel like my country. It feels like countries I have read about where things are very bad. It feels, in fact, like exactly the kind of thing we were protesting against, but we thought it was elsewhere. It is not heartening to find that it has come to us.
Bella Forrest, A Shadow of Light|When your mind is still and undisturbed by stimulation, the true nature naturally shines out and you can directly see what you really are.
Steve Reich|There was one man who was interested in the color of music, the connection between light and music, and that was Einstein.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving & The Peaceful Wristband: How to Keep The Atraction Alive and His Love Growing For You|WE MUST ENJOY THE PRESENT, EVERYDAY THERE IS SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL AND AMAZING THAT WE CAN BE GRATEFUL FOR.
John Henry Newman|God has created all things for good; all things for their greatest good; everything for its own good. What is the good of one is not the good of another; what makes one man happy would make another unhappy. God has determined, unless I interfere with His plan, that I should reach that which will be my greatest happiness. He looks on me individually, He calls me by my name, He knows what I can do, what I can best be, what is my greatest happiness, and He means to give it me.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|... to be in any sort of relationship where you do not express yourself, simply to keep the peace, is a relationship ruled by one person and will never be balanced or healthy.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth, whether it's scientific truth or historical truth or personal truth! It is the guiding principle on which Starfleet is based! If you can't find it within yourself to stand up and tell the truth about what happened, you don't deserve to wear that uniform!
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Small Portion: a little taste of poetry|The experiences, the lessons, and the defeats,They were all necessary for me to be me,took me a while being blind before i could see,had to crawl on my knees before i stood on my feet,once i stood on my feet i found out i had wings,the flight is amazing, i felt like a king,and when no one is listening, i found out i can sing, what happy times and thoughts does it bring,whatever it takes just make sure you are free,free to live, and grow like a tree,The people you love are the branches you need,its not about the type, the color, or breed,Live life with ambition, ambition indeed,Thats what it took, and thats what i need.
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|Love has a certain element of tenderness, which alone pierces through the heart and binds us more intimately than any force in the universe ever can.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Molecules form and dissolve, returning to the primordial soup of atoms. But consciousness survives the death of the molecules on which it rides. What was once a bundle of energy in a sunbeam turns into a leaf, only to fall and change again into soil. The change of state crosses many boundaries. A sunbeam is invisible, whereas leaves and soil are visible.A leaf is alive and growing,whereas sunbeams aren't.the colors of light, leaf, and soil are different, and so on.But all these transformations exist as constructs of the mind.The actual energy present in the sunbeam experiences no change at all.
Len  Webster, Thirty-Eight Days|I gave him a piece of my heart a long time ago, and once you give that away, I’ve learned you don’t so easily get it back.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|THE economic consequences of fluctuations in the objective exchange-value of money have such important bearings on the life of the community and of the individual that as soon as the State had abandoned the attempt to exploit for fiscal ends its authority in monetary matters, and as soon as the large-scale development of the modern economic community had enabled the State to exert a decisive influence on the kind of money chosen by the market, it was an obvious step to think of attaining certain socio-political aims by influencing these consequences in a systematic manner. Modern currency policy is something essentially new; it differs fundamentally from earlier State activity in the monetary sphere.
Heenashree Khandelwal, Soulmates, By Chance|Before I met you, my life ran on sheer amusement. After I met you, my life ran on sheer compassion.
Omar Khayyám|Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies; One thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies; The Flower that once has blown forever dies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world has enough light from the sun, but not from your mind; and the universe has enough light from the stars, but not from your soul.
Dennis Lehane, The Given Day|I do not know how you have done this to me. I thought that if I returned the help you had given me that I would be free of the inexplicable influence you have over me. But it does not seem to be working, and you say you cannot break the thread."Mari realized that her mouth had fallen open as she stared at Mage Alain. "Are you serious?""What would I be if not serious?""You're saying that I put a spell on you that controls your thoughts and actions?""Why else am I here?" The Mage asked."Because it was the right thing to do!""The...what? I am still uncertain about what right thing means—" the trace of puzzlement had retired to him."Listen...Mage Alain! I don't...put spells on boys! Or men! Or anybody! I have no idea why you think that you are thinking about me, but I assure you that it has nothing to do with me thinking about you or making you think that you want to think about me!
Heather Heffner|The Kalambo River and Waterfall exemplify life and afterlife: From birth at its source, the river twists and turns to overcome hurdles on its way to enhance the life of others before falling off the edge in death to flow quietly into Lake Tanganyika, while it's mist rises to heaven, freed from the burden of the body of water that held it.
C.S. Lewis, Inspirational Writings of C.S. Lewis: Surprised by Joy, Reflections on the Psalms, the Four Loves, the Business of Heaven|I am the way into the city of woe,I am the way into eternal pain,I am the way to go among the lost.Justice caused my high architect to move,Divine omnipotence created me,The highest wisdom, and the primal love.Before me there were no created thingsBut those that last forever—as do I.Abandon all hope you who enter here.
Bodie Thoene, The Return to Zion|There is often grief that comes with loving, Moshe. But it is worth it.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|Only those who do not care, only those who find a way to diminish or extinguish the value of other human beings, survive wars without damage and speak of warrior honor afterward.
Dale M. Chatwin, Underneath the Draconian Sky|Dawn wore a pink dress and crept across the land like a timid girl. Her sister Morning followed, dressed in blue, the sun a dazzling locket on her breast.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Some negroes lie, some are immoral, some negro men are not be trusted around women - black and white. But this is a truth that applies to the human race and to no particular race of men.
Eloisa James, The Ugly Duchess|Theo shook out the half square of heavy silk. "It will make all the difference to this insipid gown." With one sharp wrench she pulled out the lace fichu tucked into her bodice and replaced it with the scarf. It flashed raspberry red against the almond-colored muslin of her gown.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I’ve dreamed a lot. I’m tired now from dreaming but not tired of dreaming. No one tires of dreaming, because to dream is to forget, and forgetting does not weigh on us, it is a dreamless sleep throughout which we remain awake. In dreams I have achieved everything.
Josie Zapanta Stewart|Drea, believe and follow your heart, Remember that the choices you made will lead you to your destiny.
Vivian Vande Velde, Dragon's Bait|Revenge is a human trait, one that has been the cause of the destruction of civilisations many times over. But the goblins live on in peace and harmony, taking little notice of us and our mistakes.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In a relationship with God, our most secret places once thickly cloaked and meticulously hidden away now stand before us utterly and entirely exposed. And it may be that this dreaded fear is the single thing that keeps us an arm’s length from God, and forever a single step away from His blessings.
Oliver Stone|We are often told we can't have brains and beauty, and I really hope that my message is that you can put on that red lip and curl your hair and put on that power dress - you don't have to sacrifice one for the other.
Robin Benway, Audrey, Wait!|We are walking through a field of burning bushes, of the everyday heroes God puts in our lives.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|The human body is much, much more than the sum of its parts, the difference being the human spirit.
Karli Perrin, April Showers|I’ll take her home. You guys finish … whatever … you were doing.” She glances to me, a slight blush on her face. I tug Cash’s borrowed shirt down, hiding my red ass cheek. The spatula is still in his hand. He’s only wearing boxers. Dear Lord.
Andy Behrman|I haven't seen Clones, which has been during this period when I haven't seen much of anything, but I did see Phantom Menace, and see my feelings about it - see, first of all, I think that when you make a lot of movies, your attitude about the movies changes.
N.T. Wright|Besides Zeus on his throne, Justice has her seat.
NeNe Leakes|Teenagers are asking, 'Who am I?' and 'How do I fit in?' in every aspect of their lives, and the best YA romances appreciate that there is more to a teen's life than finding love.
Dita Von Teese|When at a young age you learn to face your fears, that makes the difference between people being champions and people not being champions.
Nikki Rowe|I find myself enjoying being alone a lot of the time, people come and people go and you have to find a way to be ok with both.
Luggs, Consort : The Prince and the Pauper|Let the whole world tag you wrongly, brand you with evil and create a different you, and let God give you a solemn tag of dignity and see you differently, you have no problem at all!
Camille Oster, The Notorious Marquis of Wickerley|Tolstoy was a Caucasian, Gandhi was an Asian, and Martin Luther King Jr. was a Negro, yet all of their hearts were inspired by the one idea of nonviolent resistance. King received it from Gandhi, Gandhi received it from Tolstoy, and Tolstoy received it from Christ.
Claire Fuller, Our Endless Numbered Days|And feast on the dead, I thought with a shudder. As if he could read my thoughts, he pressed a hand to my shoulder. His fingers were long and white, splaying over my arm like a waxen spider. If the gesture was meant to comfort me, it failed.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|A torn jacket is soon mended, but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
Jack R. Rose, The Cedar Post|Peace of mind comes when we exercise our right to be honest, especially with ourselves.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|At least I know the truth,” I gritted back. “I’m not the one who’s being lied to.” His brow furrowed, and I spat the truth at him.
Philip G. Zimbardo|I have been primarily interested in how and why ordinary people do unusual things, things that seem alien to their natures. Why do good people sometimes act evil? Why do smart people sometimes do dumb or irrational things?
Rachel Caine, Automatic|„Oliver paused for a few seconds, then leaned forward with his elbows braced on his knees, pale hands dangling. “When I was . . . transformed, I thought in the beginning that I could stay with those mortals I loved. It isn’t smart. You should understand this by now. We stay apart for a reason.”“You stay apart so you don’t feel guilty for doing what it is you do,” I shot back. “I’m not like you. I’ll never be like you. Best of all, I don’t have to be.
Brene Brown|Until recently, we regarded love as supernatural. We were willing to study the brain chemistry of fear and depression and anger but not love.
William Faulkner|The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.
Johnathan Jena|Life isn't about the brand of clothes you wear, or about who looks the best. It's about the number of faces which smile when they hear your name
M.L. Shanahan|Feed your soul; books, places, people, anything. That helps it grow.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Someday your children will leave; you can’t hold on to them or control them forever, nor should you.
Terry Pratchett|ll our tongues and cultures are constant shoplifters" from other tongues and cultures.
Plato, The Republic|Physical excellence does not of itself produce a good mind and character: on the other hand, excellence of mind and character will make the best of the physique it is given.
R.A.Delmonico|Sin acts as if God's original plan was for us to bootstrap ourselves into holiness by way of the law and then, when this didn't quite pan out, God offered his grace--but only the bare minimum--to make good the difference. This is exactly backwards. God's boundless grace comes first and sin is what follows.
Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?|My lifeless body - a boat with sunken anchors, without leader on board, without harbor, without country, only my moist sails afloat in that tremendous ocean of my tears ,,,,
Eva Chen|I first read Harper Lee's 'To Kill a Mockingbird' as a teen in school, like you did. I read the book alone, eating lunch at my locker, neatly scored oranges my mother divided into five lines with a circle at the top, so my fingers could dig more easily into the orange skin. To this day, the smell of oranges reminds me of 'Mockingbird.'
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|When we meet grace, it becomes the fuel of our faith. We pray, we read our Bibles, we worship and we live the purest lifestyle we can because we love a person.
Seth Shostak|Is E.T. out there? Well, I work at the SETI Institute. That's almost my name. SETI: Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. In other words, I look for aliens, and when I tell people that at a cocktail party, they usually look at me with a mildly incredulous look on their face. I try to keep my own face somewhat dispassionate.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|Mastery of self is the endless battle in which we must pursue our consciousness straight forward, and head over heels transmute all our focus on what it is ailing our immediate reality. Question yourself without pride and ego, step out of your shoes and look from the outside it. What do you see? What do you hear? This is the reflection our your energy, your absolute control source. Does it benefit you?
Srikumar Rao|Many persons swear by positive thinking, and quite a few have been helped by it. Nevertheless, it is not a very effective tool and can be downright harmful in some cases.
Jameel|Wrong things never lead to success. If a man acts wrongly and succeeds, that is not the way. Without the Lethani there is no true success.
Muhammad Iqbal|Where you have no religion, you are sure to have no government, for as religion disappears, anarchy takes place and fixes a compleat Hell on earth till religion returns.
Tae Yun Kim, Seven Steps to Inner Power|Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|What do you suppose it means?'[Bastian] asked. ""DO WHAT YOU WISH.'" That must mean I can do anything I feel like. Don't you think so? All at once Grograman's face looked alarmingly grave, and his eyes glowed. 'No,' he said in his deep, rumbling voice. 'It means that you must do what you really and truly want. And nothing is more difficult.' 'What I really and truly want? What do you mean by that?' 'It's your own deepest secret and you yourself don't know it.' 'How can I find out?' 'By going the way of your wishes, from one to another, from first to last. It will take you to what you really and truly want.' 'That doesn't sound so hard,' said Bastian. 'It's the most dangerous of all journeys.' 'Why?' Bastian asked. 'I'm not afraid.' 'That isn't it,' Grograman rumbled. 'It requires the greatest honesty and vigilance, because there's no other journey on which it's so easy to lose yourself forever.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.
Raul Castro|In the economic sphere, the program demanded thorough decentralization and managerial independence of enterprises, as well as legalization of small-scale private enterprise, especially in the service sector.
Molly Harper, My Bluegrass Baby|Boy oh boy, this man is trouble. He was slowly tearing down the wall she’d built around her heart, brick by brick. Could any man be this perfect? He must have some faults. Maybe he is a chauvinist pig…no, doesn’t seem like it. He is kind to animals and children, he is a fireman, he looks like sex on a stick. What could be wrong with him? Maybe he snores. Oh, wouldn’t I like to find out?
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If someone you love and care for is determined to traverse the path of despair, natural law obliges that they ‘will’ regardless of any and all efforts to redirect their lowly path.
Chuck Norris|A voice is very intimate. It's something of your own. So there's always this fear, because you feel naked. There's a fear of not reaching up to expectations. As you become more famous, people come and expect to hear something extraordinary, so you don't want to disappoint them. I feel this sense of responsibility.
Molly Peacock, The Paper Garden: Mrs. Delany Begins Her Life's Work at 72|Is being burnt a requisite for the making of art? Personally, I don't think it is. But art is poultice for a burn. It is a privilege to have, somewhere within you, a capacity for making something speak from your own seared experience.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Every self-respecting act of persuasion must find appeal to curiosity, then to vanity, and lastly to kindness or remorse. Isabella looked down and slowly nodded.
Kaitlin Scott, For Danny|Movie. What's my favorite kind of movie?”“Is there a point to this?”“Please, Lucy. What's my favorite movie?”“Horror. Why?”“No reason,” I sighed as I slouched back in the chair.“And would you stop that! Please? It's distracting,” she said as sheslammed her hand down on top of mine to stop me from twirling my ring.I jerked my hand out from under hers so I could cross my arms over mychest.“What's with you today?” Her tone was saturated with distaste.“Nothing.”“Well, you're being awfully annoying for nothing to be wrong,” sheretorted. “Go ahead, Josh. I'm listening now.”I could feel the cold emanating from her and flowing in my direction. Ithad been this way for a while I just didn't want to see it.Danny and Josh looked at me and then awkwardly focused on otherthings.
Avril Lavigne|I don't have a feeling of inferiority. Never had. I'm as good as anybody, but no better.
Michelle Obama|Give a man health and a course to steer, and he'll never stop to trouble about whether he's happy or not.
Kid Rock|Great amount of scientific research is there to show that health is better because transcendental meditation deals with consciousness, and consciousness is the basic value of all the physical expressions. The entire creation is the expression of consciousness.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|You did thirst for blood, and with blood I fill you
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Was it love or wasn't it that she felt for Carol? And how absurd it was that she didn't even know. She had heard about girls falling in love, and she knew what kind of people they were and what they looked like. Neither she nor Carol looked like that. Yet the way she felt about Carol passed all the tests for love and fitted all the descriptions.
Peggy Noonan, Patriotic Grace: What It Is and Why We Need It Now|What we need most right now, at this moment, is a kind of patriotic grace - a grace that takes the long view, apprehends the moment we're in, comes up with ways of dealing with it, and eschews the politically cheap and manipulative. That admits affection and respect. That encourages them. That acknowledges that the small things that divide us are not worthy of the moment; that agrees that the things that can be done to ease the stresses we feel as a nation should be encouraged, while those that encourage our cohesion as a nation should be supported.
David Starr Jordan|Patriotism has served, at different times, as widely different ends as a razor, which ought to be used in keeping your face clean and yet may be used to cut your own throat or that of an innocent person.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|[My parents] always seemed less like lovebirds than like amiable business partners, for whom I'm the sole product.
Iverna Tompkins, Advancing in the Prophetic: Communicating the Heart of God|Prophets often foretold destruction and sometimes the destruction did not come, yet this did not disprove their divine mission, as in the case of Jonah. For God is gracious, and ready to turn away his wrath from those who turn away from their sins. But the prophet who prophesied peace and prosperity absolutely and unconditionally without adding the necessary proviso, that they do not by willful sin put a bar in their own door and stop the coming of God's favors, will be proved a true prophet only by the accomplishment of his prediction.
Amit Kalantri|Almost all the times advices from your loved ones are for your safety, not for your success.
Carl Sagan|A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism.
Deyth Banger|Here is a nice fact books and ebooks take a lot of time to be read, but audiobooks just for one day or 2 you finish them... this is a great fact!
Derek Walcott|He thought there must be a place, like a dead-letter office, where everyone's longing went, yearning that was sent out, day after day. He thought it must collect somewhere, in a dank basement room, the mass of it rising and rising like water, and with no end in sight.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Once I learned, I went online and ordered every romance novel I could find. They're fairy tales for grown-ups.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Ask yourself and become more aware—are you . . . •	Speaking poorly of others in judgment, gossip, and intolerance?•	Looking for, dwelling on, and obsessing over the negative?•	Being grumpy, negative, and infecting others with your bad attitude or victim mentality?
Shirley MacLaine|What was frustrating about Armageddon was the time I spent not doing anything. It was a big special effects film, and I wasn't crazy about pretending I was in outer space. It feels ridiculous.
José N. Harris, MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love|Never apologize for showing your feelings. When you do, you are apologizing for the truth.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Realizing that our minds control our bodies while our bodies reflect our minds amounts to understanding the most fundamental aspects of ourselves. It further equals a comprehension of the relationship between our “tools.” And since the mind and body are interrelated, this understanding makes it easier to see why coordinating them is a practical way of using these tools to greatest effect—a way of using the mind and body to live our lives as art.
Janene Wolsey Baadsgaard|If your parents are getting older, you must treat them as your own child
Nikki Haley|For God so loved the World that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
Juan Williams|When it comes to serious cuts to major programs like Medicaid, the American people are not calling for leadership but magic. They want cuts with no pain.
Ludwig von Mises|Bitcoin is absolutely the Wild West of finance, and thank goodness. It represents a whole legion of adventurers and entrepreneurs, of risk takers, inventors, and problem solvers. It is the frontier. Huge amounts of wealth will be created and destroyed as this new landscape is mapped out.
Norman Vincent Peale|This was the sort of thing that happened to persons of this sort, sensitives, who fought the world and always, in the end, let it win, because there was a lot more taste to defeat than to victory.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your attitude is the one thing in this world you have complete control over. You have full command. As empowering as that truth can be, there are some days we let down and give in to a bad attitude.
Henry Petroski|I think gardens are fantastic, and I'd love to draw and design and stuff like that. I love just planting flowers during the summer. There's something very humble about it, and natural and beautiful.
Meljean Brook, Heart of Steel|You'll see. I have a collection of fine waistcoats and a handsome face." He stepped back to let her take in the full effect of both and her smile spread to the edge of a laugh.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|Me, I've seen 45 years, and I've only figured out one thing. That's this: if a person would just make the effort, there's something to be learned from everything. From even the most ordinary, commonplace things, there's always something you can learn. I read somewhere that they said there's even different philosophies in razors. Fact is, if it weren't for that, nobody'd survive.
James Howell, S.P.Q.V.: a survay of the signorie of Venice|For the bored souls, sometimes sea is the best answer!
Dan Barker, Godless: How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America's Leading Atheists|Scientists do not join hands every Sunday and sing "Yes gravity is real! I know gravity is real! I will have faith! I believe in my heart that what goes up, up, up must come down, down, down. Amen!" If they did, we would think they were pretty insecure about the concept.
Fakeer Ishavardas|There is no human-like god. If there were, he'd be as silly as you.
Stephen Richards|Thirteen years have past since 1993, and I still have not seen one single book, documentary or anything to the biggest epidemic in Scottish, British prison history. I would go as far and say, no other prison in the world had fourteen men catching the HIV virus at the same time.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|The Egyptians saw the sun and called him Ra, the Sun God. He rode across the sky in his chariot until it was time to sleep. Copernicus and Galileo proved otherwise and poor Ra lost his divinity.
Henry James|We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
Nicole McKay, A bit of rubbish about a Brick and a Blanket|For the casual viewer, Kurosawa’s films can be an exercise in endurance.
Ryszard Legutko, Triumf człowieka pospolitego|But it does not require much effort to see that the dialogue in liberal democracy is of a peculiar kind because its aim is to maintain the domination of the mainstream and not to undermine it. A deliberation is believed to make sense only if the mainstream orthodoxy is sure to win politically. Today's 'dialogue' politics are a pure form of the right-is-might politics, cleverly concealed by the ostentatiously vacuous rhetoric of all-inclusiveness.
Debasish Mridha|When you change your level of consciousness and awareness, the situation around you will change with joy.
Adrián Lamo|The universe doesn't waste anything. Sometimes, we just don't have standing to see how events or experiences are important.
Plato, The Republic of Plato|Because a freeman ought not to be a slave in the acquisition of knowledge of any kind. Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Sue Monk Kidd|Don't make me regret this," I said, breathless."You haven't regretted me once.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|The man who is convinced of his own worthlessness will be drawn to a woman he despises—because she will reflect his own secret self, she will release him from that objective reality in which he is a fraud, she will give him a momentary illusion of his own value and a momentary escape from the moral code that damns him.
William Ritter, Beastly Bones|The greatest figures in history are never the ones who avoid failure, but those who march chin-up through countless failures, one after the next, until they come upon the occasional victory.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|When we begin to live like Jesus, people will perceive our peace as an indictment on their violence; they will see our security as an indictment on their insecurity.
Jacqueline Creek|When I reached 70, the doc said I should try walking 5 miles a day. At 72, I'm still trying to find my way home ☺️
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Apparently, sir you Chinese are far ahead of us in every respect, except that you don’t have entrepreneurs. And our nation, though it has no drinking water, electricity, sewage system, public transportation, sense of hygiene, discipline, courtesy, or punctuality, ‘’does’’ have entrepreneurs. Thousands and thousands of them. Especially in the field of technology. And these entrepreneurs—"we" entrepreneurs—have set up all these outsourcing companies that virtually run America now.
Ufuoma Apoki|You don't have to do this, Dakota. Nothing that man has to say to you is of any consequence. You already know his song.
Samer Chidiac, The Feel Doctor: The Uncovered Story of the World's Most Dangerous Mind|But the wireless," asked Momulla. "What has the wireless to do with our remaining here?" "Oh yes," replied Gust, scratching his head. He was wondering if the Maori were really so ignorant as to believe the preposterous lie he was about to unload upon him. "Oh yes! You see every warship is equipped with what they call a wireless apparatus. It lets them talk to other ships hundreds of miles away, and it lets them listen to all that is said on these other ships.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|If there is no friendship with them [the poor] and no sharing of the life of the poor, then there is no authentic commitment to liberation, because love exists only among equals.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|She handed him a glass of water and two Aleve gelcaps. “They’re anti-inflammatories. They will dull the pain a little bit and keep down swelling and redness. Swallow the pills, don’t chew.”“Well, I thought I’d stick them into my nose and impersonate a walrus, but if you insist, I’ll swallow them.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper|Anya jumped in front of the man, acting as his shield. “Now, Sabin. He didn’t mean any harm. He’s borderline stupid. You know that.
Émile Zola, Une Page d'amour|The fractured self is not something that needs to be rectified fixed and made whole; by freeing thought of the blinkers of representation, the space of fracture, of multiplicity (as opposed to unity) becomes a powerful place and one from which the most radical ideas can emerge.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|There is nothing wrong withdeciding that you don’t wantsomething, but if you do want it,go out and get it!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|It was good to be a stranger in a land when you felt aggressive and acquisitive, but when you began to weave your horizons into some kind of shelter it was good to know that hands you loved had helped in their spinning - made you feel as if the threads would hold together better.
Ming-Dao Deng|The idea that each of us can be directly spiritual is radical. Most religions are based not on teaching adherents to be directly spiritual, but in persuading them to trust in the intercession of ministers or priests. The problem with this approach is that we cannot gain access to spirituality except through the medium of a fallible human being. If we want to see Tao, we need only open our eyes and trust what we see.
C.S. Lewis|The problem with being a second-generation Californian is you're not objective about California itself. I think a lot of people come here for the comfort of it, or to reinvent themselves, and maybe creative people are natural searchers, searching for someplace to be. The lifestyle becomes very appealing--Clint Eastwood
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|My last thought before falling asleep last night was a realisation that I was falling in love with Andrew. Well, not me exactly. My stupid, traitorous heart.
Angelica Hopes|The unparalleled truth shall always outlive the lies. Goodness can prevail depending on the unwavering courage of those who hold the unparalleled truth.In a very corrupt culture, I am not so sure that justice can always prevail because the power lies on who is manipulating and who are being manipulated by the most powerful hand that can destroy you, kill you or spare your life.~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my K.H. Trilogy
Terri Fields, After the Death of Anna Gonzales|Since September,I sat one seat behind Anna in algebra.Passed papers to her every day.Studied for tons of tests together.Though it often seemed impossible, Eventually,We always found the unknown for X.But not this time.This equationBounces against my brain.And sneers at all attempted answers.I know I'll re-examine the variables,And reanalyze the unknowns, maybe forever. ButIt won't matter.Because, Anna-I know I'll never figure out Y.Y you didn't want to live-And Y I never noticed.
TinaJ. Richardson|When I was a kid I worried that when I woke up, I'd find my family having breakfast with my doppelgänger. We would fight to the death, and then my family would peacefully finish breakfast.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Research by the Income Center for Tradeshows found that people are twice as likely to remember you if you shake hands. According to the American Management Association, it takes only one-fortieth of a second to create a human bond. Whether you shake someone’s hand, squeeze their arm, or touch their shoulder, make these moments count to be remembered favorably.
Greg Behrendt|If he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. Don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. If he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. “Busy” is another word for “asshole.” “Asshole” is another word for the guy you’re dating. You deserve a fcking phone call.
James Norton|'Beyond the Lights' took incredible fight to get made. Four years of writing and two years of overcoming 'no.' Every studio balked. Twice. But I kept fighting. What gave me the courage was 'Love & Basketball.' Every studio turned down that film, too. But I never gave up because I believed in it with my whole heart and soul.
Poppy Z. Brite, Lost Souls|Melody exploded. "THIS ISN'T LIKE GETTING A FISH TO SEE IF I COULD BE RESPONSIBLE ENOUGH FOR A PUPPY!" She took a deep breath, calmed herself and lowered her voice. She then repeated the statement as if doing so removed the stink of the outburst."I'm well aware of that," said Lonnie. "And not to poke it with a stick, but you don't see any puppies sniffing around that empty fish bowl, do you?
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|Power surged through him: unfettered power, unimaginable power. It coursed through him and gave life to his maddened cry, feeding it, making it unnecesssary even to breathe. Deeper and deeper his screm became, until it was the primal voice of the very land itself. It was raw, searing. It was the energy of making and undoing, and he had unleashed it.
Murray Walker|What I always think about when I think about 'Girls' is Lena being in a scene where she's very vulnerable, possibly directing, acting, and she's probably written the dialogue. It's 2 in the morning. Everyone's tired. Everyone's grumpy. And she has a smile on her face and kindness for everyone who interacts with her.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|Am I right in thinkin' you've maybe been" - he dropped his voice - "the victim of an infamous outrage by the darkies?
Jayce O'Neal|We must reject the lie of materialism. Your STUFF, does not dictate Your STATURE.
Amélie Nothomb|It is too sad . I must speak to him- The do you really ?- Sure . How can you expect things to get better , if we do not speak?- Earlier , you talked to Mr. Omochi . Do you feel that things have thus been arranged?- What is certain is that if we do not talk , there is no chance to solve the problem.- What seems more certain is that if we talk, there is serious risk of aggravating the situation.
Deyth Banger|People are born in the past,... most people will say that they are living in the present?! But it's not possible, just saying "I'm living in the present", there is milliseconds like 1.,2.,3.,4.,5 and seconds which are 1..,2..,3..,4..,5..,6..,7... so you probably won't live in the present even and in now... YOu live in "Bowl" let's said it??Or I will call it like this, you die in the future... what's now is the future you have died there or will die!
Anya von Bremzen, Mastering the Art of Soviet Cooking: A Memoir of Food and Longing|You shouldn't rush, he said. There are no taste buds in your stomach.
Steve Goodier|But I've noticed, too, that prayer for some other people is less like a spare tire and more like a road map. It is not something tucked away in small compartment and rarely used. It is used constantly. These people understand how necessary a road map is if they are to ever get where they want to go. For them, prayer isn't just for emergency use, but it guides them through the intricacies of life.
Jules Verne|I knew, of course, that trees and plants had roots, stems, bark, branches and foliage that reached up toward the light. But I was coming to realize that the real magician was light itself.
Kurt Lewin|If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|The saints were his friends, and blessed him; the monsters were his friends, and guarded him.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|Manuscript editions didn't immediately die out with the printing explosion that burst across Europe in the 1460s and 1470s. Manuscripts continued to be produced into the 16th century, many decades after presses had spread to most minor cities in Western Europe.
William Hurt|It's an honor to have been considered for the team, and I hope that in the future I will have the chance to represent my country by playing for U.S.A. Basketball.
Sarah Price, Fields of Corn|Ian was a good man—honest, trustworthy, loyal, and of honorable character. His desire to keep his promise to Angelle and to be a respectable servant of Harrowbeth would always take president over any personal feelings, no matter how intense or gratifying they might be. He would never betray Harrowbeth. He would never cheat Derian or Angelle. He would never deceive his queen, even if in so doing he would find a love and happiness they both longed to share. His commitment to what he saw as right meant more.
Richard Sibbes|Glory follows afflictions, not as the day follows the night but as the spring follows the winter; for the winter prepares the earth for the spring, so do afflictions sanctified prepare the soul for glory.
Agatha Christie|Storm destroys, man also destroys, so man is a storm too! But contrary to storm, man can learn no to destroy!
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|The more you express your skills, the more experienced you become and the closer you get to excellence.
Jose Rizal|If you feel like it's difficult to change, you will probably have a harder time succeeding.
Lisa Desrochers, Personal Demons|You do realize this makes your wings even more unique.""Are you saying you shot me as a cosmetic procedure?
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|Comedy is a distortion of what is happening, and there will always be something happening.
Dave Barry|I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
Jean-Michel Jarre|I watched my parents act as completely equal partners in their relationship, and as a son to a woman I respect immensely, I never thought of gender inequality as a child.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|He believed that every individual was responsible for his conduct on earth, that there was a judge within. Could even a blazingly Christ inflict greater retribution? Could Dante's Charon in his rowboat on the river Acheron whip the miscreants into a deeper, more everlasting hell than man's unvarnished verdict of himself?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I look forward to seeing Christ and bowing before Him in praise and gratitude for all He has done for us, and for using me on this earth by His grace—just as I am.
JK Zany|We almost bumped into each other. But your eyes were down so you didn't know it was me. And together we said it. "I'm sorry."Then you looked up. You saw me. And there, in your eyes, what was it? Sadness? Pain? You moved around and tried pushing your hair away from your face. Your fingernails were painted dark blue. I watched you walk down the long stretch of hallway. I stood there and watched you disappear. Forever.
Charles de Lint, The Little Country|She knew this music--knew it down to the very core of her being--but she had never heard it before. Unfamiliar, it had still always been there inside her, waiting to be woken. It grew from the core of mystery that gives a secret its special delight, religion its awe. It demanded to be accepted by simple faith, not dissected or questioned, and at the same time, it begged to be doubted and probed.
Sam Harris|With no blame there's no shame. A human society can't exist without shame. Shame is like handedness or walking upright. It's a central human attribute. In fact, it's the first human quality ever recorded.''Where?''Genesis, Chapter Three. The covering of nakedness. The acquisition of shame was the first consequence of consciousness, of the speciating moment. Take shame from me and you are calling me pre-human.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Know your worth so you know when to say, “Yes”, and when to say, “Thank you but no thank you.
Beth   Johnson, Thoughts From The Inside|If you find yourself unwilling to share, you are cheating yourself.
Michael Jordan|Respect your efforts, respect yourself. Self-respect leads to self-discipline. When you have both firmly under your belt, that's real power.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to know the secret of life, learn with enthusiasm and love with all of your heart.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I was living my own future and my brother's lost one as well. I represented him here just as he represented me there, in some unguessable other place. His move from life to death might resemble my stepping into the kitchen - into its soft nowhere quality and foggy hum. I breathed the dark air. If I had at that moment a sense of calm kindly death while my heart beat and my lungs expanded, he might know a similar sense of life in the middle of his ongoing death.
Kathy Kelly, Other Lands Have Dreams: Letters From Pekin Prison|Most of the time, if you treat people right, you don't have to be afraid of them.
Herman Melville, Bartleby|To a sensitive being, pity is not seldom pain.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Children are very wiseintuitively; they know who loves them most, and who only pretends.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|When someone is mean to me, I just make them a victim in my next book.
William Deresiewicz|My father never told us how the stories worked. He didn't reveal the layers, the nuggets of information, the fragments of truth and fantasy. He didn't need to -- because, given the right conditions, the stories activated, sowing themselves.
Temple Grandin|There has to be innate circuitry that does the learning, that creates the culture, that acquires the culture, and that responds to socialization.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I suffer from life and from other people. I can’t look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten and lost, with no connection to anything real or useful — only then do I find myself and feel comforted.
Robert Frost|Unhappiness. There are all kinds of unhappy people in the world. I suppose it would be no exaggeration to say that the world is composed entirely of unhappy people. But those people can fight their unhappiness with society fairly and squarly, and society for its part easily understands and sympathizes with such struggles. My unhappiness stemmed entirely from my own vices, and I had no way of fighting anybody.
Montgomery Mahaffey, Ella Bandita and the Wanderer|Allow yourself some happiness, so that I can be a part of it.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|But she'd learned instead to hope in the one Beacon that would always be there, no matter what darkness came her way.
Anna Aquino|She was going to be okay. I knew she was. She had forever changed my life and I had changed hers. I had heard a soldier once speak of the camaraderie men who fight in battle have with each other. I felt that way with Bathsheba now. She was more than just a name in my Bible, and we’d become more than just friends.
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|Some say the ocean roars,I hear it ever weeping.Weep, ocean, weep for those gone before.Weep, O sea, for the open graves that fill your shore.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|One thing I more and this is all I have to say...High School is not a separate unit from you. We are apart of you. Every man, woman, and child in this community is a part...Your ways of life in your homes and your town reflect here in the school. You can help us or you can hurt us. Our success depends largely on you. I used to think when I first started teaching school that it was all up to the teachers and the pupils. I have changed my mind. The little island of humanity that is each one of you must unite with other islands and become a mainland if we are to have a successful school.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|The practice of the presence of God, though we begin it at special times of prayer, is designed to spill out and over and into all times.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|I don't like you, Park. I think I live for you. I don't think I even breathe when we're not together. Which means when I see you on Monday morning, it's been like sixty hours since I've taken a breath. That's probably why I'm so crabby, and why I snap at you. All I do when we're apart is think about you, and all I do when we're together is panic. Because every second feels so important. And because I'm so out of control, I can't help myself. I'm not even mine anymore, I'm yours, and what if you decide that you don't want me? How could you want me like I want you?
Brad Feld|If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk: By W. E. B. Du Bois - Illustrated|The bed sheet brigade is bad enough, but the real threat to Americans and human rights today is the plain clothes Klux in the halls of government and certain black-robed Klux on court benches.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|She seems so cool, so focused, so quiet, yet her eyes remain fixed upon the horizon. You think you know all there is to know about her immediately upon meeting her, but everything you think you know is wrong. Passion flows through her like a river of blood. She only looked away for a moment, and the mask slipped, and you fell. All your tomorrows start here.
Anne Bronte|I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled.
Sylvia Plath|Integrity is critical to our lives - and to our dreams of achievement. We must remember that without integrity, nothing else matters and that with integrity, nothing else matters.
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|Weirdly—but as Danny and Amos had suspected—the further the winning number was from the number on a person's lottery ticket, the less regret they felt. "In defiance of logic, there is a definite sense that one comes closer to winning the lottery when one's ticket number is similar to the number that won," Danny wrote in a memo to Amos, summarizing their data. In another memo, he added that "the general point is that the same state of affairs (objectively) can be experienced with very different degrees of misery," depending on how easy it is to imagine that things might have turned out differently.Regret was sufficiently imaginable that people conjured it out of situations they had no control over. But it was of course at its most potent when people might have done something to avoid it. What people regretted, and the intensity with which they regretted it, was not obvious.
Dhanush|It is difficult to get organic food at most restaurants, so when possible, eat at home. When not, do your best.
Sarah MacLean|..he wanted her.And at another time, as another man, he would have her. Without hesitation. As lover. . . as more.
Jonathan Franzen|An odd thing about beauty, however, is that it's absence tends not to arouse our sympathy as much as other forms of privation do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To ascend the mountain, we must descend to our knees.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|We all need to humble ourselves from time to time and expose ourselves to new perspectives and ideas, even those of the non-experts, or else our growth potential gets weighed down with the ignorance of ego and habit.
Andrew Ashling|History doesn't remember gardens.…You forgot the wise administrators, those who kept the peace, those who brought prosperity. You needn’t feel embarrassed, though. So did history.
Justin Taylor|We can't talk about it, or I know she won't so I don't even try, but it's what goes unsaid between people tat builds up like masonry. You have to either knock the bricks out with other things, or let them keep stacking until eventually you are alone in a room.
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|Colors add meaning to life,Some hidden facts they do imbibe.One color could signify two things,The onus lies on us,As to how we take it.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|Mulling this over, Vlad wiped her lip gloss from his lips with the back of his hand.Vampires, after all, didn't sparkle.
Arun D. Ellis|Let’s de-bunk some of this, shall we? Myth 1– Kings and Queens are divine beings – rubbish. Kings and queens of old were murdering bastards who ruled with a rod of iron. Myth 2 – the rich prosper out of godliness – more rubbish. They gained their wealth by royal patronage and taxing and stealing from the masses. Myth 3 - the poor are poor because they’re depraved – yet more rubbish. They’re poor because of their naivety and childlike belief in, oh yes, Kings and Queens, the Church and the order of things. Finally, Myth 4 - women are evil and deliberately seductive – the biggest nonsense of all. Women are sexually attractive to men because they are the opposite sex to men; it’s not hard to see, is it? It’s the same for every species on the planet, you can see it in any mating ritual on the Discovery channel but this truth has been reversed and buried under the eternal lie fostered upon us by the church. That’s what the bible has achieved and that’s why our society is divided and divided again. That’s why we are never working as one, because religion was designed to divide and rule the masses,” she broke off and looked deliberately round the room, “but the big question is, for what purpose and by whom?
Jack Welch|It's the job of any business owner to be clear about the company's nonnegotiable core values. They're the riverbanks that help guide us as we refine and improve on performance and excellence. A lack of riverbanks creates estuaries and cloudy waters that are confusing to navigate. I want a crystal-clear, swiftly flowing stream.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Freud introduced the unconscious, which in effect dethroned man as the uncontested master of his own rational faculties. Instead , our lives and our decisions, our loves and our hates, are more often the result of forces working elsewhere than in our conscious mind, and we are the dupes of those forces, rather than their master. (...) Indeed, thinking, as Descartes conceived it, accounts for considerably less than half the story of our being in the world.
Debbie Ford|By doubting we are led to question, by questioning we arrive at the truth.
Franco Nero|I just like that dynamic in relationships in movies where they're kind of lovers as rivals, you know?
Armineonila M.|Novelists should never allow themselves to weary of the study of real life. If they observed this duty conscientiously, they would give us fewer pictures chequered with vivid contrasts of light and shade; they would seldom elevate their heroes and heroines to the heights of rapture — still seldomer sink them to the depths of despair; for if we rarely taste the fulness of joy in this life, we yet more rarely savour the acrid bitterness of hopeless anguish.
W. Somerset Maugham, Books and You|Let us return for a moment to Lady Lovelace’s objection, which stated that the machine can only do what we tell it to do. One could say that a man can "inject" an idea into the machine, and that it will respond to a certain extent and then drop into quiescence, like a piano string struck by a hammer. Another simile would be an atomic pile of less than critical size: an injected idea is to correspond to a neutron entering the pile from without. Each such neutron will cause a certain disturbance which eventually dies away. If, however, the size of the pile is sufficiently increased, the disturbance caused by such an incoming neutron will very likely go on and on increasing until the whole pile is destroyed. Is there a corresponding phenomenon for minds, and is there one for machines? There does seem to be one for the human mind. The majority of them seem to be "sub critical," i.e. to correspond in this analogy to piles of sub-critical size. An idea presented to such a mind will on average give rise to less than one idea in reply. A smallish proportion are supercritical. An idea presented to such a mind may give rise to a whole "theory" consisting of secondary, tertiary and more remote ideas. Animals’ minds seem to be very definitely sub-critical. Adhering to this analogy we ask, "Can a machine be made to be super-critical?
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Life's a freaking mess. In fact, I'm going to tell Sarah we need to start a new philosophical movement: messessentialism instead of existentialism: For those who revel in the essential mess that is life. Because Gram's right, there's not one truth ever, just a bunch of stories, all going on at once, in our heads, in our hearts, all getting in the way of each other. It's all a beautiful calamitous mess. It's like the day Mr. James took us into the woods and cried triumphantly, "That's it! That's it!" to the dizzying cacophony of soloing instruments trying to make music together. That is it.
Cornell Woolrich|The preliminaries were out of the way, the creative process was about to begin. The creative process, that mystic life force, that splurge out of which has come the Venus de Milo, the Mona Lisa, the Fantasie Impromptu, the Bayeux tapestries, Romeo and Juliet, the windows of Chartres Cathedral, Paradise Lost - and a pulp murder story by Dan Moody. The process is the same in all; if the results are a little uneven, that doesn't invalidate the basic similarity of origin.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|These were people who hunted for a way to erase the haunted, malnourished gaze from their souls and replace it with their faith in freedom and safety.
Kari Matchett|The guy who enters pro sports hasn't run scared from the 7th grade on. Until he enters the pros, it's been nothing but roses.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 2|Read over your compositions, and wherever you meet with a passage which you think is particularly fine, strike it out.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Pastor's Wife|The years lay spread out before her, spacious untouched canvases on which she was presently going to paint the picture of her life. It was to be a very beautiful picture, she said to herself with an extraordinary feeling of proud confidence; not beautiful because of any gifts or skill of hers, for never was a woman more giftless, but because of all the untiring little touches, the ceaseless care for detail, the patient painting out of mistakes; and every touch and every detail was going to be aglow with the bright colours of happiness.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|When you are fully present and engaged in your workplace, you will demonstrate that you care about the success of your organization, are a team player, have a can-do attitude, and will go the extra mile to fulfill and exceed expectations.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila, Escolios a un texto implícito|On God's calendar, there are no ordinary days.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To live a normal life, you just have to believe nothing is normal.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector|we're thieves, we're rats. We know when to fight and when to run.
Arzum Uzun, Nerdesin Aşkım?|I spit out to my heart and my mind. when you collect them together, they can not show the resistance of a average dick.
Sloane Crosley|You are graduating from college. That means that this is the first day of the last day of your life. No, that's wrong. This is the last day of the first day of school. Nope, that's worse. This is a day.
Angelo Tsanatelis, Origins|...making some noise in the woods is a thing that one can forget. The sound of a man’s voice on the other hand, is something else entirely.
Max Lucado, 3:16: The Numbers of Hope|You will be at your best forever, Even now you have good moments. Occasional glimpses of your heavenly self. When you change your baby's diaper, forgive your boss's temper, tolerate your spouse's moodiness, you display traces of saintliness.
Abraham Lincoln|Human tragedies:We all want to be extraordinaryand we all just want to fit in.Unfortunately, extraordinary people rarely fit in.
Octavio Paz, A Draft of Shadows and Other Poems|Mineral cactai,quicksilver lizards in the adobe walls,the bird that punctures space,thirst, tedium, clouds of dust, impalpable epiphanies of wind.The pines taught me to talk to myself.In that garden I learnedto send myself off.Later there were no gardens. 
Alex Ankarr, Wolf Runaway|I wanted her to know just how much I loved her while also letting her know that she bore not one particle of blame for not loving me back.But I wouldn’t say that. It was rosepetals I wanted to throw, not a poison dart.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Measure yourself by your best moments, not by your worst. We are too prone to judge ourselves by our moments of despondency and depression.
Vanna B.|Learn to Lose, Wade to Win.
C. JoyBell C.|If you follow the ancient maps written on the stars, no person will ever understand you. So if you could read these maps, would you follow them? And forever be misunderstood? Or would you close your eyes tightly and pretend to be like everyone else?
Starhawk, The Spiral Dance: A Rebirth of the Ancient Religion of the Great Goddess|Empowered Women 101: A confident and faithful woman that loves herself and knows what she is capable of creating will attract the right man that will want to be part of that plan. God won't bring her a man that she has to mold into what she wants him to be. A relationship is about two people helping one another grow, not just one.
Tamara L. Chilver|Goodbye worry, fear, doubt, and guilt. Hello grace.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|For me it is the virgin birth, the Incarnation, the resurrection which are the true laws of the flesh and the physical. Death, decay, destruction are the suspension of these laws. I am always astonished at the emphasis the Church puts on the body. It is not the soul she says that will rise but the body, glorified.
Jimmy Stewart|And Egypt ? What is Egypt strenght?her resilience ?her ability to absorb poeple and events into the pores of her being? is that true or is it just a consolation ? a shifting of responsibility? and if it is true , how much can she absorb and still remain Egypt ?
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|He looked steadily in my eyes, and held my hand affectionally. “Narissa, let me take you away to a world that you have never known to exist.
J.D. Salinger, A Girl I Knew|Like a man who has been dying for many days, a man in your city is numb to the stench.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Our work is not to change what you do, but to witness what you do with enough awareness, enough curiosity, enough tenderness that the lies and old decisions upon which the compulsion is based become apparent and fall away. When you no longer believe that eating will save your life when you feel exhausted or overwhelmed or lonely, you will stop. When you believe in yourself more than you believe in food, you will stop using food as if it were your only chance at not falling apart. When the shape of your body no longer matches the shape of your beliefs, the weight disappears. (p. 80-81)
Da Anunciação Marco|As always, the solutions is the simplest way: we have to start and lead by example.
John Ruskin, Sesame and Lilies|the true knowledge is disciplined and tested knowledge,—not the first thought that comes, so the true passion is disciplined and tested passion,—not the first passion that comes. The first that come are the vain, the false, the treacherous; if you yield to them they will lead you wildly and far, in vain pursuit, in hollow enthusiasm, till you have no true purpose and no true passion left. Not that any feeling possible to humanity is in itself wrong, but only wrong when undisciplined.
Nell Zink|Sometimes, my books start with a scene I see in my mind, such as a woman in a wedding dress running away from her wedding like in 'Embers of Love.' Sometimes, a book can start with a character.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Book lovers love books!" her mother announced. "There's romance about the books- even having them seems to have a kind of excitement."from Mr. Linden's Library by Walter Dean Myers
Charles Wesley|They here shall be redeemed from sin,Shall here put on their glorious dress,Fine linen, pure, and white, and cleanThe saints' inherent righteousness.Love, perfect love, expels all doubt,Love makes them to the end endure;Their names thou never wilt blot out;Their life is hid, their heart is pure.Their names thou wilt vouchsafe to ownBefore thy Father's majesty,Pronounce them good, and say, 'Well done,Enter, and ever reign with me!
Tara Kelly, Harmonic Feedback|If you like someone, you tell the truth because that, to me, is respect. If you hate someone, you tell them the truth because what do you have to lose?
Davis Bunn, Lion of Babylon|A friend asked, "If increased awareness means less happiness, why bother?" No answer.
Samuel Dash|What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also.
P.T. Barnum|Unless a man enters upon the vocation intended for him by nature, and best suited to his peculiar genius, he cannot succeed.
Chris Evans|To be stupid and selfish and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness. Though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless.
James Wright, The Branch Will Not Break|The JewelThere is this caveIn the air behind my bodyThat nobody is going to touch:A cloister, a silenceClosing around a blossom of fire.When I stand upright in the wind,My bones turn to dark emeralds.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Every couple of months or so, some boundary breaking article comes out in a nationally published magazine. The article makes a big thesis statement about relationships. Like say how, women don’t need men anymore, or how if you’re a woman over thirty-five, you should just settle with whatever guy is half-way nice to you, or how monogamy is not feasible, or plausible, or enjoyable, for any human. And we should all be swingers, or a study is released that say’s, you don’t have to love your kids anymore or something. They’re the kind of articles that are e-mailed everywhere and I get them forwarded to me about eight times. I will read one of these articles and immediately afterward I’m so swept up in it, I can’t help but think Yes, Yes, that is one-hundred percent right. Finally! Someone has confirmed that little voice in the back of my mind that has always not loved my kids, or I’m so happy I’m that much closer to my swinging lifestyle I’ve always secretly been craving. I’m normal and now it’s a national discussion and others agree and I can feel normal now. But then, a week later I’m thinking, I hate this. I feel awful. This wretched little magazine article has helped convinced more open minded liberal arts graduates that, the nuclear family doesn’t exist without some hideous twist, like the dad is allowed to go to an S & M dungeon once a week or something. It makes me cry because it means that fewer and fewer people are believing it’s cool to want what I want, which is to be married and have kids and love each other in a monogamous, long-lasting relationship.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|When tomorrow comes, think tomorrow's thoughts.
Rose Wynters, Phase Three: Devastate|For a moment, frustration clouded his features. He inhaled deeply, and the clouds went away. “I miss people, you know? I miss actually living. I want to have a purpose in my life, but I don't. I'm just existing, and I don't know how long I can continue it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|I saw you before. All your flaws, your imperfections. Your body’s going to a lot of trouble to hide something, something inside of you. It must be very precious.
Alexander Pushkin|I stood on the old ferry dock and watched the icy sludge slide by. Patches of white ice slipped through, but mostly it was grey slush, sluggish and heavy looking. The air was sharp and clear, one of the few benefits of the evacuation and reducing temperature, the centuries-old odour of industry and modern life frozen and discarded, leaving a crispness previously only found among the peaks of mountain ranges. On the far bank stood the ruins of Birkenhead, where the riots had been particularly bad and the fires that followed were allowed to rage out of control. It had taken weeks for the conflagration to finally die, leaving behind soot-blackened husks of buildings, grotesque sculptures of melted glass and metal and more dead than anyone ever cared to count.
Edmund Burke|With reasonable men, I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
Homer, The Iliad|—so as the great Achilles rampaged on, his sharp-hoofed stallions trampled shields and corpses, axle under his chariot splashed with blood, blood on the handrails sweeping round the car, sprays of blood shooting up from the stallions' hoofs and churning, whirling rims—and the son of Peleus charioteering on to seize his glory, bloody filth splattering both strong arms, Achilles' invincible arms—
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Shalom is the medicine I’d prescribe for Jerusalem—a deep, God-breathed indwelling of peace and prosperity and blessing. An end to the unrest and a sense of wholeness is what the Holy City needs. It’s what the Middle East needs. It’s what I need.
Kamand Kojouri|All kinds of people read poetry: revolutionaries, scholars, sentimentalists etc. But above all else, lovers read poetry. Why? Because we fell in love. And then we fell in love with love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will find love, when you surrender yourself to love.
Hadi Farnoud|If there is no door open for me, I build a door
Jim Lee|You may not be able to read a doctor's handwriting and prescription, but you'll notice his bills are neatly typewritten.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|She believed in getting as much use as possible from everything, and thought that as long as machinery, or anything else, could be cajoled into operation, it should be kept; to do otherwise, she thought, was wasteful.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|If prayer fails I am in a greater darkness yet, not knowing whether I have presumed too much or believed too little.
J.C. McKenzie, Beast Coast|I meant to text quickly, but it took five attempts to type with my thumbs. Ever since the time I accidently told Wick I'd stopped for cocaine instead of coffee and when Mel, my best friend, asked me to get a penis instead of a penis I lost my faith in technology and proofread all my messages
John Buchan|I come before you to declare that my sex are entitled to the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Rises|Life has its rhythm ad we have ours. They’re designed to coexist in harmony, so that when we do what is ours to do and otherwise let life be, we garner acceptance and serenity. (285)
Lora Leigh, Maverick|Behind every dancer there’s someone that broke her, a song that moved her, a moment that inspired her and a dance floor that healed her.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Cultivate clarity, strength, vitality and power from natural, beautiful and organic living foods.
Nick Miller, Isn't It Pretty To Think So?|An awfulness was deep inside me, and I couldn't fight it; forced into submission and taken hostage by it, I could only just lie there, let it wash over me, and let myself be consumed by it. If I cooperate, maybe it won't stay too long; maybe it'll let me go free. But if I fight it, it might stay longer just to spite me. So I decided to let The Feeling inhabit me as long as it desired, while I lay still, cautious not to incite me, secretly hoping it would leave me soon and bother someone else, but outwardly, pretending to be its gracious host. The most discouraging element of what I felt was my inability to understand it. Usually when I was filled with an unpleasant feeling, I could make it go away, or at least tame it, by watching a light-hearted film or reading a good book or listening to a feel good album. But this feeling was different. I knew non of those distractions could rid me of it. But I knew nothing else. I couldn't even describe it. Is this depression? Maybe once you ask someone to describe depression, he can't find the words. Maybe I'm part of the official club now. I imagined myself in a room full of people where someone in the crowd, also suffering from depression, immediately noticed me-as if he detected the scent of his own kind-walked over, and looked into my eyes. He knew that I had The Feeling inside me because he, too, da The Feeling inside him. He didn't ask me to talk about it, because he understood that our type of suffering was ineffable. He only nodded at me, and I nodded back; and then, during our moment of silence, we both shared a sad smile of recognition, knowing that we only had each other in a room filled with people who would never understand us, because they didn't have The Feeling inside them.
Yehuda Berg|You need to think outside the box. You need to think differently if you want to sustain what, for me, is my peak performance: the very best that I can achieve as an athlete every day.
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|I laugh. Yer crazy, I says.I was fine till I met you, he says.
Walter Mosley, The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey|That’s how Ptolemy imagined the disposition of his memories, his thoughts: they were still his, still in the range of his thinking, but they were, many and most of them, locked on the other side a closed door that he’s lost the key for. So his memory became like secrets held away from his own mind. But these secrets were noisy things; they babbled and muttered behind the door, and so if he listened closely he might catch a snatch of something he once knew well.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As long as he retains externally the habits of a Christian he can still be made to think of himself as one who has adopted a few new friends and amusements but whose spiritual state is much the same...And while he thinks that, we do not have to contend with the explicit repentance of a definite, fully recognised, sin, but only with his vague, though uneasy, feeling that he hasn’t been doing very well lately. This dim uneasiness needs careful handling. If it gets too strong it may wake him up...if you suppress it entirely...we lose an element in the situation which can be turned to good account. If such a feeling is allowed to live, but not allowed to become irresistible and flower into real repentance, it has one invaluable tendency. It increases the patient’s reluctance to think about the Enemy. All humans at nearly all times have some such reluctance; but when thinking of Him involves facing and intensifying a whole vague cloud of half-conscious guilt, this reluctance is increased tenfold...In this state your patient will not omit, but he will increasingly dislike, his religious duties...He will want his prayers to be unreal, for he will dread nothing so much as effective contact with the Enemy.
Donald Barthelme, Flying to America: 45 More Stories|Just drive, rock star. Drive fast. Very fast. Because I’ve got a shopping list ten miles long of the things you’re going to be doing to me.
James Hain Friswell|It was darker in the tower than any place Devnee had ever been. The dark had textures, some velvet, some satin. The dark shifted positions.The dark continued to breathe. The breath of the tower lifted her clothing like the flaps of a tent, and sounded in her ears like falling snow.It's the wind coming through the double shutters, Devnee told herself.But how could the wind come through? There were glass windows between the inside and outside shutters.Or were there?The windows weren't just holes in the wall, were they?What if there was no glass? What if things crawled through those open louvers, crept into the room, blew in with the cold that fingered her hair? What creatures of the night could slither through those slats?She had not realized how wonderful glass was, how it protected you and kept you inside.She knew something was out there.
Poppet, Aisyx|in my darkest hour she answered my call without resentment or guilt, without hesitation
Shannon L. Alder|Helicopter parents. Before I started at Pirriwee Public, I thought it was an exaggeration, this thing about parents being overly involved with their kids. I mean, my mum and dad loved me, they were, like, interested in me when I was growing up in the nineties, but they weren't, like, obsessed with me.
Karl Barth|The American people spend thousands of dollars to propagate the doctrines of the fall of man, the creation of the world out of nothing in six days by a personal God, vicarious atonement, absolution from sin by the shedding of innocent blood. This is the Christianity offered to the poor and illiterate of India...Christianity has percolated through the layers of dogmatism and bigotry, of intolerance and superstition, of damnation and hell fire. It takes on itself the quality of these layers and imparts them to those that are received within its folds.
Francine Rivers, The Atonement Child|How could a woman who had an abortion not feel guilt or some sense of remorse? How could she justify what she'd done? Whom else could she blame when everyone was telling her it's her choice? Without facing the truth and confessing it, how could she be forgiven Who could she be restored? How could she be free?
G.K. Chesterton, Lunacy and Letters|But there is another possible attitude towards the records of the past, and I have never been able to understand why it has not been more often adopted. To put it in its curtest form, my proposal is this: That we should not read historians, but history. Let us read the actual text of the times. Let us, for a year, or a month, or a fortnight, refuse to read anything about Oliver Cromwell except what was written while he was alive. There is plenty of material; from my own memory (which is all I have to rely on in the place where I write) I could mention offhand many long and famous efforts of English literature that cover the period. Clarendon’s History, Evelyn’s Diary, the Life of Colonel Hutchinson. Above all let us read all Cromwell’s own letters and speeches, as Carlyle published them. But before we read them let us carefully paste pieces of stamp-paper over every sentence written by Carlyle. Let us blot out in every memoir every critical note and every modern paragraph. For a time let us cease altogether to read the living men on their dead topics. Let us read only the dead men on their living topics.
Bianca Frazier, Speaking Success Into Existence: Public Speaking Workbook|The moment you believe you will fail, you have already lost the battle.
Muhammadu Buhari|Not at all do I trust augurs, who enrich the ears of others, so that they can enrich their own homes with gold.
Charles F. Glassman|As soon as you see the need to change your partner to save the relationship, it is then time to end it.
John Perkins|It's a major part of world history that men are trying to kill each other. It's just one slaughter after the other. We talk about it, but no one's really listening.
Steve Wozniak|Sol wanted to know how any ethical system – much less a religion so indomitable that it had survived every evil mankind could throw at it – could flow from a command from God for a man to slaughter his son. It did not matter to Sol that the command had been rescinded at the last moment. It did not matter that the command was a test of obedience. In fact, the idea that it was the obedience of Abraham which allowed him to become the father of all the tribes of Israel was precisely what drove Sol into fits of fury.
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|The future was chaos, war and blood and thirst, ending with everyone's bones bleached white in the desert. The sand would bury their buildings and bodies, and eventually it would be impossible to tell that anyone had lived in the desert at all.
Irene Hunt, Up a Road Slowly|The journey has many bumps, twists and turns. But one day you will reach your destination. You'll know for sure then that it was all worth it. So keep on trusting and keep on walking. The end will be more glorious than you can imagine.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|ALCOHOL HAS NO BIOLOGICAL CONNECTION TO ABUSE OR VIOLENCEAlcohol does not directly make people belligerent, aggressive, or violent. There is evidence that certain chemicals can cause violent behavior — anabolic steroids, for example, or crack cocaine — but alcohol is not among them. In the human body, alcohol is actually a depressant, a substance that rarely causes aggression. Marijuana similarly has no biological action connected to abusiveness.
Sara Sheridan|I remember calling the council's cemetery department to ask about body decomposition in different soil types. Once they had verified that I was a novelist and not a sicko, they were extremely helpful.
Stewart O'Nan, The Odds: A Love Story|Film is one if three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|Survivors are often good at both resolving and generating crisis. While this capacity to handle crisis can make you a good emergency room worker or ambulance driver, it can also be a way for you to keep yourself from feeling. If you are addicted to intensity and drama...you may be running from yourself.
Shannon L. Alder|Before you take that first curious, coerced, spiteful, or vengeful step forward, remember this: it’s a thousand times easier to slip into a muddy pit than it is to climb out of one.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Life isn't about just having dreams, it's all about transforming them into reality.
Henry David Thoreau|We journalists love writing about eccentrics. We hate writing about impenetrable, boring people. It makes us look bad: the duller the interviewee, the duller the prose. If you want to get away with wielding true, malevolent power, be boring.
Gary Jennings, Aztec|The important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you’ve got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you see? You’ve got to stop. You haven’t really been anywhere until you’ve got back home.
Shannon L. Alder|How can you follow your heart, unless you know why you have allowed it to be empty for so long and didn't have the courage to fix it?
Kiera Cass|Oh! Thanks for the public service announcement about what not to do in college, Mr. Eighteen-year-old-frat-boy-with-eleventy-billion-'serious'-girlfriends-under-his-belt! Get in the fucking car. You're a mean drunk. You haven't seen me mean, mama's boy!I told you we're close!Yeah, so are me and my asshole! Doesn't mean I'm going to call it twice a day!You're a bitch! Take. Me. Home. I'd love to, if you'd get in the fucking car!
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Think about death being inevitable, and unpredictable, exempt from the law of averages. Everyone has a turn, and no one knows when.
Iain Banks, The Crow Road|The journey is about coming home....There is always the return. And the wound will take you there. It is a blood-trail." (p. 220,222)
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Our life is a faint tracing on the surface of mystery. The surface of mystery is not smooth, any more than the planet is smooth; not even a single hydrogen atom is smooth, let alone a pine. Nor does it fit together; not even the chlorophyll and hemoglobin molecules are a perfect match, for, even after the atom of iron replaces the magnesium, long streamers of disparate atoms trail disjointedly from the rims of the molecule’s loops. Freedom cuts both ways. Mystery itself is as fringed and intricate at the shape of the air at times. Forays into mystery cut bays and fine fjords, but the forested mainland itself is implacable both in its bulk and in its most filigreed fringe of detail.
Philip Yancey, Church: Why Bother?: My Personal Pilgrimage|We must help young women immerse themselves in a selfless work, perhaps receiving little public praise or attention. Instead, they must feel the Lord’s great love for them and their efforts through the influence of the Holy Ghost.
Hayley Atwell|The violent quarrel between the abstractionists and the surrealists seems to me quite unnecessary. All good art has contained both abstract and surrealist elements, just as it has contained both classical and romantic elements - order and surprise, intellect and imagination, conscious and unconscious.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Refusing someone’s kind words can cause the one doing the complimenting to feel bad. Not only might they regret trying to be nice, but you may have cut off your chances of being complimented by them ever again. Being humble is one thing; being rude is another. Practice receiving compliments with grace, dignity, appreciation, and gratitude. The perfect response to a fine compliment is simply, “Thank you!
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Expect progress, not perfection.
patrick cruz|We can't go back, thoughwe're apt to waver even as our wheels spin on.
R.v.m.|We all have something to offer, and we must choose to focus on what we do have to offer, not what we don’t. And remember the dirty little secret is that those who are acting like they have it all together really don’t.
Betrand Russell|Among the objections to the reality of objects of sense, there is one which is derived from the apparent difference between matter as it appears in physics and things as they appear in sensation. Men of science, for the most part, are willing to condemn immediate data as "merely subjective," while yet maintaining the truth of the physics inferred from those data. But such an attitude, though it may be *capable* of justification, obviously stands in need of it; and the only justification possible must be one which exhibits matter as a logical construction from sense-data―unless, indeed, there were some wholly *a priori* principle by which unknown entities could be inferred from such as are known. It is therefore necessary to find some way of bridging the gulf between the world of physics and the world of sense, and it is this problem which will occupy us in the present lecture. Physicists appear to be unconscious of the gulf, while psychologists, who are conscious of it, have not the mathematical knowledge required for spanning it. The problem is difficult, and I do not know its solution in detail. All that I can hope to do is to make the problem felt, and to indicate the kind of methods by which a solution is to be sought."―from_Our Knowledge of the External World_, p. 107.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|Your girlfriend's sibling or parents might be totally nuts, but always defend them. Always. All a girl wants to do is to get along with her family and if you are on the side of making it easy, you will be loved eternally. It might be easier to condemn them - especially if she's doing that already - but, remarkably, even if they are murderers, she will find the good in them, especially if you start trashing them.
Manali|Stop Judging, Start Loving!
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|You are capable of great things.Show up.Show up consistently.Show up consistently with a positive outlook.Be prepared for and committed to the long haul.Cultivate a burning desire backed by faith.Be willing to pay the price.And do the things you've committed to doing-even when you don't feel like it, even when no one else is watching.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|i will forever be collidingwith a billion unnamedundiscovered stars, each of uson our own orbital paths.
Jennifer duBois, Cartwheel|It's natural for a man to defend what's dear to him: his own life, his home, his family. But in order to make him fight on behalf of his rulers, the rich and powerful who are too cunning to fight their own battles-in short to defend not himself but people whom he's never met and moreover would not care to be in the same room with him-you have to condition him into loving violence not for the benefits it bestows on him but for its own sake. Result: the society has to defend itself from its defenders, because what's admirable in wartime is termed psychopathic in peace. It's easier to wreck a man than to repair him. Ask any psychotherapist. And take a look at the crime figures among veterans.
Raheem Kirlew|J Abrams was driving off into the big stupid vermilion sky, and even though the color had been my favorite, I was sure that from now on, every time I looked at it I would feel nothing but sadness.
William Penn, Fruits of Solitude: In Reflections and Maxims Relating to the Conduct of Human Life|All Excess is ill: But Drunkenness is of the worst Sort. It spoils Health, dismounts the Mind, and unmans Men: It reveals Secrets, is Quarrelsome, Lascivious, Impudent, Dangerous and Mad. In fine, he that is drunk is not a Man: Because he is so long void of Reason, that distinguishes a Man from a Beast.
Ray Charles|It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor.
Marty Rubin|To know your soul is your own, that's what counts.
Libba Bray, Rebel Angels|Speaker calls the Christian counselor to look at each person as soul embodied with unique challenges that move us. This is not, he says, the first step before we get on to important business but vital in and of itself.
Eve Golden, Bride of Golden Images|A film which followed the code of the Hays Office to the strictest letter might succeed in being a great work of art, but not in a world in which a Hays Office exists.
Waris Ahluwalia|Recognizing Quebec as being different, recognizing our history, recognizing our identity, has never meant a weakening of Quebec and has never been a threat to national unity.
Joanna Wylde, Reaper's Legacy|He was unbelievably hard. Everywhere. He was in control, infinitely stronger, and he wanted me to know it. -Ella
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fight honorably,win honorably,and lose honorably.To fail honorably is betterthan to succeed dishonorably.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Detective, any warm-blooded male with a pulse would have his hand on your glorious ass. May I?""Knock yourself out."His fingertips sketched over that tight sheen of Lycra before cupping a taut globe for a squeeze. "What kind of workout do you do to get that kind of muscle tone?"She put her face up close to his. "I beat the shit outta guys who grab my ass.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You perception of a person, place, or thing may not be accurate. Just because it looks good does not mean it is good and vice versa. Always be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to the people, places, and things around you. Don't allow your misperception to put you in an uncomfortable situation.
John Hadac, The Project|In order to understand what happened, we'll use words in the way that they exist: as drawers of distinction between ideas.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|Know the true definition of yourself. That is essential.Then, when you know your own definition, flee from it.
B.R. Collins, The Traitor Game|If you have heard a Jewish cantor sing, if he has touched you and made your own sorrow seem trivial when compared with his, you will know my feeling when I follow the curves of her profile, like mobile rivers, to their common delta.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|A hunt leader could not show fear, or let it linger in his stomach, for others would sense it soon enough, taste that fear and become possessed by it. They would hesitate when an order was given, and uncertainty would claim their life as readily as the blade of the enemy.
Bertrand Russell|Ansar is an Arabic term that means helpers or supporters. They were the citizens of Medina who helped Prophet Mohammed upon His arrival to the Holy city. While 'Hussain' is a derivation of 'Hassan' that means 'GOOD' (I also owe this one to Khaled Hosseini). That's how my favorite character in my debut novel 'When Strangers meet..' gets his name... HUSSAIN ANSARI, because he is the one who helps Jai realize the truth in the story and inspires his son, Arshad, to have FAITH in Allah.
Amy Tan, The Hundred Secret Senses|Everyone must dream. We dream to give ourselves hope. To stop dreaming - well, that's like saying you can never change your fate. Isn't that true?
Chuck Klosterman|I had kissed my share of men, particularly during the war years, when flirtation and instant romance were the light-minded companions of death and uncertainty. Jamie, thought, was something different. His extreme gentleness was in no way tentative; rather it was a promise of power known and held in leash; a challenge and a provocation the more remarkable for its lack of demand. I am yours, it said. And if you will have me, then..
Laurence Gonzales, Everyday Survival: Why Smart People Do Stupid Things|But what is the way forward? I know what it isn't. It's not, as we once believed, plenty to eat and a home with all the modern conveniences. It's not a 2,000-mile-long wall to keep Mexicans out or more accurate weapons to kill them. It's not a better low-fat meal or a faster computer speed. It's not a deodorant, a car, a soft drink, a skin cream. The way forward is found on a path through the wilderness of the head and heart---reason and emotion. Thinking, knowing, understanding.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|I put my hand on the altar rail. 'What if ... what if Heaven is real, but only in moments? Like a glass of water on a hot day when you're dying of thirst, or when someone's nice to you for no reason, or ...' Mam's pancakes with Toblerone sauce; Dad dashing up from the bar just to tell me, 'Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite'; or Jacko and Sharon singing 'For She's A Squishy Marshmallow' instead of 'For She's A Jolly Good Fellow' every single birthday and wetting themselves even though it's not at all funny; and Brendan giving his old record player to me instead of one of his mates. 'S'pose Heaven's not like a painting that's just hanging there for ever, but more like ... Like the best song anyone ever wrote, but a song you only catch in snatches, while you're alive, from passing cars, or ... upstairs windows when you're lost ...
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|The tower of success stands on the pillars of vision, action, patience and the character to withstand criticisms.
Joe Haldeman, None So Blind: A Short Story Collection|The brain isn't very much like a computer, although it doesn't do a bad job, considering that it's built by unskilled labor and programmed more by pure chance than anything else.
Vladimir Nabokov|as if it were a point of honor—which, indeed, a point of art often is.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|In the spring and summer I watched my plants flower, but it was, perhaps, in winter that I loved them best, when their skeletons were exposed. Then I felt they had more to say to me, were not simply dressing themselves for the crowds. Stripped of their leaves, their identities showed forth stark, essential.
Confucius|Writing cannot express all words, words cannot encompass all ideas.
Donald Barthelme|I like things that are kind of eclectic, when one thing doesn't go with another. That's why I love Rome. The town itself is that way. It's where Fascist architecture meets classic Renaissance, where the ancient bangs up against the contemporary. It has a touch of everything. That's my style, and that's what my work is about.
David Brainerd|I think my versatility is a big strength. I don't think anybody can guard me, just because I'm 6'10 and can dribble and play point. If I have a little guy on me, I take him to the post. For me to be able to then pass the ball, it helps me a lot.
Sunday Adelaja|Wealth of time is actually of more value than natural resources (petroleum, gold, diamond, gas etc.) and more valuable than human resources.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our souls have a disease. It causes all the troubles and difficulties in the world. It causes all the troubles, confusions, and disillusionments in your own life. The name of the disease is . . . sin.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|The entire partying lifestyle was superficial in my experience, and most of my friendships were as deep as a shot glass and as short-lived as a pack of cigarettes.
Sunday Adelaja|In the case of smokers, the abuse leads to death, sicknesses, cancer, amputation, loss of all kinds.
Robert Pinsky|I worked a lot with Nick Knight and John Galliano when John was at Dior. He also made my wedding dress. He'll always hold a special place; I have most of my memorable, iconic moments in fashion with him.
Bill Cipher Gravity Falls tv show|Remember! Reality's an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold! Byeeee!
Steven Weinberg|When a fantasy turns you on, you're obligated to God and nature to start doing it - right away.
Common|To be honest, I never really considered myself to be too much of an actress. So, whenever I get the chance to do music, I'm always, like, just in it. It's like, 'Oh my God, I finally get to do this. I'm so happy.'
William Ritter, Jackaby|Yet she must die, else she'll betray more men.Put out the light, and then put out the light:If I quench thee, thou flaming minister,I can again thy former light restore,Should I repent me: but once put out thy light,Thou cunning'st pattern of excelling nature,I know not where is that Promethean heatThat can thy light relume.
Eva Figes, Ghosts|I felt old. Again. It had been happening a lot lately. I did not live the life of an old lady, but I could hear it beckoning to me, like a mermaid on a rock."— Michelle Tea, "Paris: A
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|So,” Wanda cried, “a woman in furs is nothing more than a large cat, a charged electric battery?
Lynne Cockrum-Murphy, Unfolding the Mystery of Self: We are Never Alone|Be an individual, let out the self that hides away at the expense of others approval.
Thom Tillis|For Americans of the Greatest Generation that fought World War II and of the Silent Generation that came of age in the 1950s, the great moral and ideological cause was the Cold War. It gave purpose and clarity to our politics and foreign policy, and our lives.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|They rolled up the maps of their bodies until they were two continents of interlocking roads and rivers and dreams, and she thought, ‘This is how I will learn to live again’.
Mercy Cortez|It's amazing to me; when your mind is fixed on one thing, you forget everything. You forget to eat and drink and care. The only thing I could never forget was him.
Sebastian Marincolo|But even Es and cocaine, over the years they blow holes in your brain, rob you of your memories, your past. Which is fair enough, convenient even.
Lionel Messi|I have a dream of re-creating the fantastic family I grew up in with my brother and my parents. I am lucky that I have such a good image of family life - my father and mother are still in love, still happy.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|I believe that today more than ever a book should be sought after even if it has only one great page in it. We must search for fragments, splinters, toenails, anything that has ore in it, anything that is capable of resuscitating the body and the soul.
Compton Gage|To conquer fear, you must become fear.
Richard Hofstadter, Anti-Intellectualism in American Life|Struggle forms character. No struggle, no character.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|Oh! how near are genius and madness! Men imprison them and chain them, or raise statues to them.
Chris Bruno, The Whole Story of the Bible in 16 Verses|Don't tell the guys at Trinity Broadcast Network, but financial prosperity is not the primary indicator of God's blessing. Think back to the garden. What was the greatest blessing that God gave to Adam and Eve? The greatest blessing was living in God's very presence, knowing him, and worshipping him.
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|Is it possible for one to enter sleep and wander while never waking? And if so, for how long can one survive this way?
Paris Hilton|When we are angry or depressed in our creativity, we have misplaced our power. We have allowed someone else to determine our worth, and then we are angry at being undervalued.
China Miéville, Kraken|The sea can do craziness, it can do smooth, it can lie down like silk breathing or toss havoc shoreward; it can give gifts or withhold all; it can rise, ebb, froth like an incoming frenzy of fountains, or it can sweet-talk entirely. As I can too, and so, no doubt, can you, and you.
Christina Engela|If any think that their influence would be lost there, and their voices no longer afflict the ear of the State, that they would not be as an enemy within its walls, they do not know how much truth is stronger than errors, nor how much more eloquently and effectively he can combat injustice who has experienced a little in his own person. Cast your whole vote, not a strip of paper merely, but your whole influence.
J.J. Gadd, Lunation|The Boy’s head was spinning. Raul was real, and quite possibly not kindly disposed to him, as Marama’s potential heir and jail-breaker. The sailors worshiped Marama, who controlled the tides and commanded them through dreams? The Geolwe collected clouds and lived in the sky? And did the captain just say there were mountains in the sea? Did he mean under the water? Downing the drink in front of him, he began to laugh. It was all just so hopelessly un-real. Anselt and the captain stared for a moment, then found his mirth infectious. Before long they were laughing too, and the sound of their merriment sailed through the night and out to greet the rolling waves, wrapping itself around the ship like a cloud.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|As Ummon and the other Masters teach, it explains why the giraffe evolved a long neck but never why the other animals did not. It explains why humankind evolved to intelligence, but not why the tree near the front gate refused to.
Blaise Pascal|The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
Franca Storm, Fated Desire|I did not think you would be this impressed with my visit. I should come to see you more often.""Oh Fredrick," she said, not amused. "I am so glad to see a familiar face.""Is that all? A familiar face?" He let out a sigh. "For a minute I thought you'd missed me."She let go of him and stood back to swat him playfully on the arm. "Do not play with me, Fredrick. Of course I missed you. You have been away from my company for far too long.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|From daybreak to sunset she turned her thoughts, like boulders, over. She set them in long lines. She rearranged their order...
Herman Cain|People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
Frank Wanderer|What more does one need than what is offered by the present moment? Once you have learnt how to dissolve in the present moment, and you are able to enjoy it, you will have no problem in disregarding the empty chit-chat of the Ego, the mind!
Katherine Paterson, Of the Nightingales That Weep|...I remember the oily smoke of a cigarette suspended in a shaft of sunlight - with you, everything was beautiful...
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|Shuck it,” Minho responded. “I’m tougher than nails. I could still kick your pony-lovin’ butt with twice this pain.” Thomas shrugged. “I do love ponies. Wish I could eat one right now.
Jack Kevorkian|I would consider all of the legislation which I have supported meaningless if I were to sit idly by, silent, during a period which may go down in history as an era when we permitted the curtailment of our liberties.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God asked."Why do people get sick?" Jesus asked."When they live, life is all about learning so that when the are ready, they can join us here," God said."But, doesn't it hurt?" Jesus asked."Yes, it does. But, to learn about life you have to learn of pain and suffering or else you don't learn what life is all about," God said."Will I suffer like that one day?" Jesus now asked his dad."Yes, because we all have to learn, and that includes me too," God replied sadly.
William Styron|The good writing of any age has always been the product of someone's neurosis, and we'd have a mighty dull literature if all the writers that came along were a bunch of happy chuckleheads.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Besides we are men, and after all it is our business to risk our lives.
C.B. Cook, Paralyzed Dreams|Your gaze fixated on him, my imagination deducing your conclusion. The agony sets in, this pain is unsurpassable with despair adjoining. But I can feel my heart knocking against my chest. So I'll attempt to push ahead for my behalf.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Elle Remembered Yorkshire road and the flat he shared with Caitlin and their daughter, and she almost stopped and turned back, and then she hardened herself against it. It's his problem if he wants to sleep with someone and he shouldn't, she told herself. It's a one night thing. I'm in the clear. It's sex, nothing else.
Courteney Cox|If you could choose one characteristic that would get you through life, choose a sense of humor.
Baruch Spinoza|The world is not thy friend, nor the world's law. - Romeo
Katie Alender, Bad Girls Don't Die|Yet that is considered an excellent school, and I dare say it would be if the benighted lady did not think it necessary to cram her pupils like Thanksgiving turkeys, instead of feeding them in a natural and wholesome way. It is the fault with most American schools, and the poor little heads will go on aching till we learn better.
Richard Powers|In its report, the Cox Committee concludes that China is using stolen U.S. design information to speed up its deployment of a new nuclear missile force.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|I learned the Norse gods came with their own doomsday: Ragnarok, the twilight of the gods, the end of it all. The gods were going to battle the frost giants, and they were all going to die.Had Ragnarok happened yet? Was it still to happen? I did not know then. I am not certain now.
Dada Bhagwan|Causes for attachment are created at the very time abhorrence occurs. Familiarity (acquaintance) up to a certain point will result in attachment and if it reaches ‘ridge point’ & goes past further, it will result in abhorrence.
Whitney Barbetti, He Found Me|He owes me nothing, yet gives me everything in return. —SHEA
Greg Graffin|All the things that are part of your heritage make you British - that makes this country what it is. It's part of your history. And here, unlike America, it's still living history.
Matsushita Yuya|It isn't 'Too late now', shouldn't it be 'From now on'? That is the password that will take away the regret.
Kyle Michel Sullivan, The Lyons' Den|Meaning, yes -- I don't really exist except on the page or in the back of your brain. But if you think it's weird a fictional character's telling this story, you ain't seen what happened, yet.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You think I’m perfect?”He didn’t look away. Didn’t look bashful or even nervous. Just stared at her, like she’d asked him if Luna orbited the Earth. Then he leaned over and brushed a kiss against her forehead.“Just sort of,” he said. “You know. On a good day.
Alin Sav|I believe religion is not a path to God, it´s a path away from God. Religion is a human invention. Jesus never wanted to be found in a religion, but in a relationship.
John Lennon|If someone thinks that peace and love are just a cliche that must have been left behind in the 60s, that's a problem. Peace and love are eternal.
Jana Elston, RETAIL LEGENDS: How to have more CUSTOMERS coming through your door FAST, Beauty Salon Tips|RULE #1Market your business to the customer YOU WANT.Most beauty businesses try to be everything to everyone. It's exhausting and expensive promoting yourself to everyone. Most people simply give up.Focus on the customers you really want. What is your passion, what do you excel in? Who is your ideal customer? What would you ideally like to do every day in your business?Focus on what you want to do and the clients you want, and market directly to them and only them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Self pride hinders the soul from flourishing,
Eraldo Banovac|Don't think you can act perfectly. A perfect person doesn't exist. Always strive to give your best effort, and that's it.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Girls are closed-source and not-programmable, they can’t be executed in virtual-mode; so, we can’t leave them after use them without make our life-system unstable
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|When a lie has been embedded in the public consciousness, the truth has a difficult time making itself known.
Morgan Saylor|Anyone who's ever driven to Atlantic City knows that Trump's got a big billboard. For years, you used to see his angry face on it. I said, 'Trump, that expression is making people afraid to go to the Taj Mahal. Why don't you give them a big smile.? 'C'mon in, folks! Spend your money here!' I think we got that corrected.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|There are several important remarks which can be made about this 'absolute emptiness' and 'absolute nothingness'. First of all, we now know, theoretically and empirically, that such a thing does not exist. There may be more or less of something, but never an unlimited 'perfect vacuum'. In the second place, our nervous make-up, being in accord with experience, is such that 'absolute emptiness' requires 'outside walls'. The question at once arises, is the world 'finite' or 'infinite'? If we say 'finite', it has to have outside walls, and then the question arises: What is 'behind the walls'? If we say it is 'infinite', the problem of the psychological 'walls' is not eliminated. and we still have the semantic need for walls, and then ask what is beyond the walls. So we see the such a world suspended in some sort of an 'absolute void' represents a nature against human nature, and so we had to invent something supernatural to account for such assumed nature against human nature. In the third place, and this remark is the most fundamental of all, because a symbol must stand for something to be a symbol at all, 'absolute nothingness' cannot be objective and cannot be symbolized at all. This ends the argument, as all we may say about it is neither true nor false, but non-sense. We can make noises, but say nothing about the external world. It is easy to see that 'absolute nothingness' is a label for a semantic disturbance, for verbal objectification, for a pathological state inside our skin, for a fancy, but not a symbol, for a something which has objective existence outside our skin.
Daniel Bashford, Normal Extreme|What makes the hero truly greatis never, never to despair.
Lili St. Crow, Strange Angels|I want to kiss you so very badly, Rose. But I can't. And its killing me"-Mr. Stone
Ali Land, Good Me, Bad Me|Dragged from your room. A red crease of sleep visible down your cheek, eyes foggy with the adjustment from a state of rest to a state of arrest. You said nothing. Even when your face was mashed into the carpet, your rights read out, their knees and elbows pressed in your back. Your nightie rode high up your thighs. No underwear. The indignity of it all.
Kristine Thomas|Aim at the ground, you'll never miss.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Parenting is really just a matter of tracking, of hoping your kids do not get so far ahead you can no longer see their next moves. 
Christopher Hitchens|So this is where all the vapid talk about the 'soul' of the universe is actually headed. Once the hard-won principles of reason and science have been discredited, the world will not pass into the hands of credulous herbivores who keep crystals by their sides and swoon over the poems of Khalil Gibran. The 'vacuum' will be invaded instead by determined fundamentalists of every stripe who already know the truth by means of revelation and who actually seek real and serious power in the here and now. One thinks of the painstaking, cloud-dispelling labor of British scientists from Isaac Newton to Joseph Priestley to Charles Darwin to Ernest Rutherford to Alan Turing and Francis Crick, much of it built upon the shoulders of Galileo and Copernicus, only to see it casually slandered by a moral and intellectual weakling from the usurping House of Hanover. An awful embarrassment awaits the British if they do not declare for a republic based on verifiable laws and principles, both political and scientific.
Stephanie Hudson, The Triple Goddess|What is it about you Keira, that has a man wanting to fuck you senseless into submission one minute and strangle the breath from your body the next?
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|It was the women of afghanistan,my mother believed,who-once they’d been granted access to books and education- would be the salvation of the country
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Didn’t expect to see you here,” Jordan said.My eyes cut to Rachel, and I smiled sweetly. “Obviously. Hey, Rachel. Good to see you aga
E.J. Squires, Savage Run|Biking up the same mile-and-a-half long asphalt hill is so much harder when I know that at the end of the journey I’ll either be an outlaw, or I’ll be dead.
Mary Shelley|I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Ethics are the things that say, 'Don’t stick your finger in the socket.' The world says, 'It’s okay because we’ve shut off the electricity.' And at the point that we’ve chosen to listen to the world and ignore our ethics, we say, 'I’m having a really hard time getting back up.
Sally Schneider|So I can't show you how, exactly, health care is a basic human right. But what I can argue is that no one should have to die of a disease that is treatable.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If there is wisdom in your mind, prove it; joy in your heart, share it; love in your soul, show it; good in your life, impart it.
Hazrat Inayat Khan, The Dance of the Soul|I have loved in life and I have been loved. I have drunk the bowl of poison from the hands of love as nectar,  and have been raised above life's joy and sorrow. My heart, aflame in love, set afire every heart that came in touch with it. My heart has been rent and joined again;  My heart has been broken and again made whole;  My heart has been wounded and healed again;  A thousand deaths my heart has died, and thanks be to love, it lives yet. I went through hell and saw there love's raging fire,  and I entered heaven illumined with the light of love. I wept in love and made all weep with me;  I mourned in love and pierced the hearts of men;  And when my fiery glance fell on the rocks, the rocks burst forth as volcanoes. The whole world sank in the flood caused by my one tear;  With my deep sigh the earth trembled, and when I cried aloud the name of my beloved,  I shook the throne of God in heaven.I bowed my head low in humility, and on my knees I begged of love,  "Disclose to me, I pray thee, O love, thy secret." She took me gently by my arms and lifted me above the earth, and spoke softly in my ear,  "My dear one, thou thyself art love, art lover,  and thyself art the beloved whom thou hast adored.
Stephen King, The Stand|She couldn't be on his wavelength all the time. That's all. When you could recognize that and deal with it, you were on your way to an adult relationship.
Martin Buber, I and Thou|A great relationship ... breaches the barriers of a lofty solitude, subdues its strict law, and throws a bridge from self-being to self-being across the abyss of dread of the universe.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|I stared at the little white agates in my hand, delicate as moon drops. The mystery of God's love as I understand it is that God loves the man who was being mean to his dog just as much as he loves babies; God loves Susan Smith, who drowned her two sons, as much as he loves Desmond Tutu. And he loved her just as much when she was releasing the handbrake of her car that sent her boys into the river as he did when she first nursed them. So of course, he loves old ordinary me, even or especially at my most scared and petty and mean and obsessive. Loves me; chooses me.Remembering this helped, but here is what in fact saved me: Sam came over to see what I held in my palm, glared contemptuously at my small white pebbles, and then without missing a beat slapped the bottom of my hand so that the agates scattered. He ran off down the beach, laughing with glee. It surprised me so, this small meanness, that it made me catch my breath. Boy, I thought, is he going to be hard to place.When I was young I would have felt, What’s the point of trying to be good if the people who aren’t even trying get to be equally loved? Now I just picked up my pace and tried to catch up with that rotten Sam, because I don’t know much of anything for sure. Only that I am loved – as is
James Franco, Actors Anonymous|It had happened. I had brought the dream out into reality and it had dissolved. It was just a dream and had found no purchase in the real world where it was dependent on other people for its realization. I wished that I could have sucked my words back inside where they had lived a colorful life of promise, had been nurtured by hope, and had never been tested
Emily Dickinson|Every time we've moved ahead in IBM, it was because someone was willing to take a chance, put his head on the block, and try something new.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|He was not at all what is called ‘a character’. He was an innocent, affable old man who had somehow preserved his good humor – much more than that, a mysterious and tranquil joy – throughout a life which to all outward observation had been overloaded with misfortune. He had like many another been born in full sunlight and lived to see night fall.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind|A star-spangled sky and you were looking the other way,the night beckoned and waited and you waited for the day.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Justin Cronin|I don't know if those things work, where you do, like, this crash diet or crash starvation. It's just not something I've ever been into.
Alaria Thorne, Bridled Passion: Sandie's First Rodeo|It seemed some pulp-novel version of a European hub, equal parts Renaissance-age Florence and modern day Paris with a heavy helping of Las Vegas and New York—at least, that was the way she thought of it. It was so far beyond description and unrelatable to any other place that she grasped desperately at straws trying to puzzle out how she'd tell the tale she'd no doubt live tonight.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|Just easy. Life feels like it’s always hard. There’s never a calm way to get through it, to just breathe. Every day brings the same challenges, the same routines…the same everything. And as much as I hope the next day will be different, it’s not. It’s just the same old cycle over and over again.
Paul Tillich, Dynamics of Faith|It isn't the sort of thing you ask questions about, because the answers are not usually answers you want to know.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|There is more to living than not dying," he said. "Look at the way you live, Will. You burn as bright as a star.
Sebastian Faulks|Depression - that limp word for the storm of black panic and half-demented malfunction - had over the years worked itself out in Charlotte's life in a curious pattern. Its onset was often imperceptible: like an assiduous housekeeper locking up a rambling mansion, it noiselessly went about and turned off, one by one, the mind's thousand small accesses to pleasure.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the matter of war, ask this question to yourself and to your own fellow country men: Have you ever seen any politician in your country without legs, without arms, without eyes after war? No! You can’t see such a thing because honourless politicians always stay in the safe ports while they send others to the zone of death!
Umberto Eco, Five Moral Pieces|No justification of virtue will enable a man to be virtuous. Without the aid of trained emotions the intellect is powerless against the animal organism. I had sooner play cards against a man who was quite skeptical about ethics, but bred to believe that ‘a gentleman does not cheat’, than against an irreproachable moral philosopher who had been brought up among sharpers.
Christopher Earle|Give winter nothing; hold; and let the flake Poise or dissolve along your upheld arms. All flawless hexagons may melt and break; While you must feel the summer's rage of fire, Beyond this frigid season's empty storms. Banished to bloom, and bear the birds' desire.
Henna Sohail|I look at the cake in my mother's arms and think: here stands the only person in the whole world who'd go to such trouble for fractious, ungrateful me.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|The trouble with you is that the only way you can communicate is through art. You’ve never learned to communicate your feelings to a man. You don’t even want to communicate in a relationship. You think that if you open up to love, you’ll lose your independence or your self-expression or creativity or whatever you call all that passionate, wonderful stuff that makes you feel alive inside.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It means that the lack of knowledge is the foundation for all life failures, destruction, depression, difficulties, hatred, bitterness, envy, etc.
Octave Mirbeau, Le Calvaire|Everything she heard, everything she saw seemed to be in disagreement with her own manner of understanding and feeling. To her, the sun did not appear red enough, the nights pale enough, the skies deep enough. Her fleeting conception of things and beings condemned her fatally to a perversion of her senses, to vagaries of the spirit and left her nothing but the torment of an unachieved longing, the torture of unfulfilled desires.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When sheep grow blind, it is only wolves that rejoice.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|The work of each individual contributes to a totality, and so becomes an undying part of the totality. That totality of human lives, past and present - and to come - forms a tapestry that has been in existence now for many tens of thousands of years and has been growing more elaborate and, on the whole, more beautiful in all that time... An individual life is one thread in the tapestry, and what is one thread compared to the whole?
Michael Bassey Johnson|It was your covenant with the devil to exchange your soul for money and fame, so i won't be sorry for your damn f***ing soul, and the devil gat no time to refund what you had already sell, demons don't understand the meaning of sympathy, you should know that already, so, go make some dollar bill in hell, and come back and give me some.
Nas|I like children; I like 'em, and I respect 'em. Pretty much all the honest truth-telling there is in the world is done by them.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Theere is an imperative to be in a process, the energy & consciousness of life means for us to be constantly observing, learning & becoming.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|There is no life without the conditions of life that variably sustain life, and those conditions are pervasively social, establishing not the discrete ontology of the person, but rather the interdependency of persons, involving reproducible and sustaining social relations, and relations to the environment and to non-human forms of life, broadly considered. This mode of social ontology (for which no absolute distinction between social and ecological exists) has concrete implications for how we re-approach the issues of reproductive freedom and anti-war politics. The question is not whether a given being is living or not, nor whether the being in question has the status of a “person”; it is, rather, whether the social conditions of persistence and flourishing are or are not possible. Only with this latter question can we avoid the anthropocentric and liberal individualist presumptions that have derailed such discussions.
David Eddings|In my second year in graduate school, I took a computer course and that was like lightening striking.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|But although the cliche says that power always corrupts, what is seldom said ... is that power always reveals. When a man is climbing, trying to persuade others to give him power, concealment is necessary. ... But as a man obtains more power, camouflage becomes less necessary.
Willie Geist|I keep wondering at night, 'Will I have a bank the next morning, or will some technology company be doing banking without needing a bank?'
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|I’ve never been with a boy who hasn’t seen me naked. It’s always the squeaky futon, bear-it-all, turn-off-the-lights quickstep. Don’t chalk it up to “daddy issues.”Maybe I’m sick of keeping private parts private. I don’t want rainwater secrets on my lips, tasting of “don’t make too much noise”. October’s dust in my lungs, maybe I don’t want bits of four AM lingering in my subconscious. Smokers breathe in fire, coat their insides in ash. Is that suicide or arson? Listen to me, listen to me. I’m alive. I’M ALIVE.I’m naked and bruised, but I’m alive. I’m not a piece of fruit. Don’t press into my flesh, looking for soft spots. My whole body is tender and rotten, but I’m alive.I’m alive and just because you can see it all, doesn’t mean you know it all
Henry James|She was a coquette; he was sure she had a spirit of her own; but in her bright, sweet, superficial little visage there was no mockery, no irony. Before long it became obvious that she was much disposed towards conversation.
Howard Schultz, Pour Your Heart Into It: How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time|People want guidance, not rhetoric. They need to know what the plan of action is, and how it will be implemented. They want to be given responsibility to help solve the problem and authority to act on it.
Marc Andreessen|In fact, technology has been the story of human progress from as long back as we know. In 100 years people will look back on now and say, 'That was the Internet Age.' And computers will be seen as a mere ingredient to the Internet Age.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|Sometimes, it becomes necessary for you to hit the bottom, and hit really hard that it awakens you.
Andrew Sullivan|Climb upon the hates, and build upon the loves.
Peter Shaffer, Amadeus|What use, after all, is man, if not to teach God His lessons?
Karl Rahner|Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness, which this world affords.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|We have the right to demand that if we find men against whom there is not only suspicion, but almost a certainty that they have had collusion with men whose interests were in conflict with the interests of the public, they shall, at least, be required to bring positive facts with which to prove there has not been such collusion; and they ought themselves to have been the first to demand such an investigation." -Teddy Roosevelt
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Alessandro shrugged and pushed the blade in, dragging it down the man’s skin, making him cry out. He struck him again with his fist, blood spurting onto Alessandro as well. “Did Arturo tell you that the mother of my child was in that limo? She’s carrying my baby inside of her, and that her son was in the limo too? I’m sure he did. I’m sure he left explicit instructions as to who exactly you were supposed to dispose of, didn’t he?” “He’ll kill me. I swear, he’ll kill me,” the man cried, tears mixing in with his blood. “Next, I’ll take an eye, you snivelling little shit!” Alessandro growled, raising his bloody blade to the man’s left eyeball. The unmistakable scent of urine filled the air. Alessandro stepped back in disgust and turned to Jason and his other man, Marty, two of the best Dardano soldiers, loyal and efficient. They took his cue and slipped on their brass knuckles. “Just say the words, ol’ boy, and we’ll stop this,” “Fuck you,” the man shouted. Alessandro smirked. “Such defiance for a man who just pissed himself.” He crossed his arms as Marty and Jason went to work. It only took a minute. “All right. Okay! Stop! Stop! Fine, I’ll talk!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A theatrical spectacle is inherent whenever family members congregate and reacquaint themselves with powerful universal themes educed from homecomings including hugs, food, drink, conversation, politics, games, music, conflict, terror, mercy, smiles, tears, prayers, misfortune, and self-discovery.
Dallas Willard|Jesus never expected us simply to turn the other cheek, go the second mile, bless those who persecute us, give unto them that ask, and so forth. These responses, generally and rightly understood to be characteristic of Christlikeness, were put forth by him as illustrative of what might be expected of a new kind of person – one who intelligently and steadfastly seeks, above all else, to live within the rule of God and be possessed by the kind of righteousness that God himself has, as Matthew 6:33 portrays. Instead, Jesus did invite people to follow him into that sort of life from which behavior such as loving one’s enemies will seem like the only sensible and happy thing to do. For a person living that life, the hard thing to do would be to hate the enemy, to turn the supplicant away, or to curse the curser… True Christlikeness, true companionship with Christ, comes at the point where it is hard not to respond as he would.
Michelle Sutton, Decision to Love|With a lump forming in his throat, he thoughtabout all the hopes and dreams that he had for his son. More thananything, he prayed his boy would not grow up to be a screw uplike his dad when it came to love and marriage.
Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 9|Kaien Cross: You both entered the room in the same pose! Ooh! If Yuki had seen it, she'd have been so happy! The mystique!Ichiru: Zero, is he always like this?Zero: Yeah...he doesn't act anything like his "former self" now...why're you sticking to me?Ichiru: Because you hate it when I do it (I'm being a pest).Zero(to Cross): Hey. Don't take a photo.Kaien Cross (thinking): The Kiryus really are twins.
John Updike|The true New Yorker secretly believes that people living anywhere else have to be, in some sense, kidding.
A G Maran|It starts with my mother….Boys get fucked up by their fathers, right? That’s why so many tales are really Daddy Issue stories at their core, because men run the world, and men get to tell their stories first. If women told most of the stories, though, then all the best stories would be about Mommy Problems.
J.R. Ward, Lover Revealed|I didn't know it would be black," she murmured with a little smile.Horror flooded his face. "Oh, Christ!
Simón Silva, Cultivate a Creative Mind: A Guide to Regain Creative Confidence|I know something is super creative, when I feel disappointed that I didn't come up with the idea!
Lidia Yuknavitch, Dora: A Headcase|There's a girl calm people don't know about. It's a girl teen standstill. A motionless peace. It doesn't come from anywhere but inside us, and it only lasts for a few years. It's born from being a not woman yet. It's free flowing and invisible. It's the eye of the violent storm you call my teenage daughter. In this place we are undisturbed by all the moronic things you think about us. Our voices like rain falling. We are serene. Smooth. With more perfect hair and skin than you will ever again know. Daughters of Eve.
Annie Besant|I represent what I think is a traditional Republican... a limited government, fiscal responsibility, strong national defense, individual freedom and liberty.
Karen   White, The Memory of Water|Miles and years become suddenly invisible when you find yourself back where you started from, as if you've learned nothing and you are once again the person you once were.
Jonathan Bingham|In order for one to be converted to the 'dark' side he/she must have a complete understanding of the 'light' side. With it's understanding we would all want to defy, overpower, or destroy what it is capable of.
Toni Sorenson|Friends might share clothes and chocolate, but they must share books. Just like you share the same stars, share the same books and you'll never be apart.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|Only imagination and belief can differentiate from the rest certain objects, certain people, and can create an atmosphere.
C.D. Bell, Weregirl|A thought that is almost beautiful – a thought that you speak not, but that you cherish within you at this moment, will irradiate you as though you were a transparent vase.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|While they all ink their skin,I crave something permanent within.Bare your soulOpen your heartTattoo your love within.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|My beloved has arrived, but rather than greeting him, All I can do is bite the corner of my apron with a blank expression- What an awkward woman am I. My heart has longed for him as hugely and openly as a full moonBut instead I narrow my eyes, and my glance to him Is sharp and narrow as the crescent moon. But then, I'm not the only one who behaves this way. My mother and my mother's mother were as silly and stumbling as I am when they were girls...Still, the love from my heart is overflowing, As bright and crimson as the heated metal in a blacksmith's forge.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|Some communities don't permit open, honest inquiry about the things that matter most. Lots of people have voiced a concern, expressed a doubt, or raised a question, only to be told by their family, church, friends, or tribe: "We don't discuss those things here."I believe the discussion itself is divine. Abraham does his best to bargain with God, most of the book of Job consists of arguments by Job and his friends about the deepest questions of human suffering, God is practically on trial in the book of Lamentations, and Jesus responds to almost every question he's asked with...a question.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|I couldn't take much more of this. Being the object two men competed for wasn't as glamorous as it sounded in the movies. The two men who both wanted one hundred percent of my time weren't dashing, international playboys. They were undead and surprisingly immature, considering the youngest was just over a hundred years old.
William Shakespeare, The Taming of the Shrew|I believe I am becoming pathetic. I'll go further, I believe that I am in love with a flower-growing, wood-carving quarryman/carpenter/pig farmer. In fact, I know I am. Perhaps tomorrow I will become entirely miserable at the thought that he doesn't love me back - may, even, care for Remy- but at this precise moment I am succumbing to euphoria. My head and stomach feel quite odd. 
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|His words even imply that philanthropy has deeper depths than is generally realized. The great emotions of compassion and mercy are traced to Him; there is more to human deeds than the doers are aware. He identified every act of kindness as an expression of sympathy with Himself. All kindnesses are either done explicitly or implicitly in His name, or they are refused explicitly or implicitly in His name.
Deyth Banger|Henry David Thoreau, Susan B. Anthony, W. E. B. DuBois, and Lyndon B. Johnson are just a few of the famous Americans who taught. They resisted the fantasy of educators as saints or saviors, and understood teaching as a job in which the potential for children’s intellectual transcendence and social mobility, though always present, is limited by real-world concerns such as poor training, low pay, inadequate supplies, inept administration, and impoverished students and families. These teachers’ stories, and those of less well-known teachers, propel this history forward and help us understand why American teaching has evolved into such a peculiar profession, one attacked and admired in equal proportion.
Sarah Dessen, Once and for All|I don't think anybody ever really knows what's going to happen," he said. "We're all just out here hoping for the best.
Saaif Alam|Everyone is born to reach their destiny. Nobody have control of their own destiny, but they have control with their decision making skills if they want to reach their triumphs or end up being a failure.
Nolan Ryan|Also, I walk and hike in several different nearby parks near our home several early mornings a week.
Penelope Cruz|During the Arab Spring, I learned all sorts of things from Twitter. I wouldn't necessarily trust that information, but it gave me ideas about questions to ask. You can really learn things from the wisdom of crowds.
Kay Goodstadt, Love and Death Over Tea|Fidelity is a living, breathing entity. On wobbly footing, it can wander, becoming something different entirely.
Jonathan Ive|They say never trust a skinny chef, but the fact is, to stay healthy when you're a chef means you have to work twice as hard.
Sophie Swetchine|On reflection, I am always pleasantly surprised when ordinary members of the public stop me in the street to say, 'Thank you,' I guess for making travel and other goods and services affordable to them.
Sami Abouzid|Only ,a lonely heart Can tell What it meansTo be lonely
Kate Braverman, Small Craft Warnings: Stories|I believed in immaculate conception and spontaneous combustion. I believed in aliens from outer space and vampires, prophecy, and the resurrection of the dead. I had deja vu many times each day. I was thirteen.
James Madison|I have often thought of it as one of the most barbarous customs in the world, considering us as a civilized and a Christian country, that we deny the advantages of learning to women.
R. Kelly|The trust institutions have in the marketplace, the confidence customers and suppliers and workers and employees have, are very important to a business's effectiveness.
Edward James Olmos|There's so many issues tied to the meat industry. I mean, social, environmental, humanitarian - all of them. I know that when I'm eating that I'm not hurting the planet, I'm not hurting other people on this planet, I'm not hurting animals... and I'm not hurting nature.
Sara Dormon, So You Want to Adopt...Now What?: A Practical Guide for Navigating the Adoption Process|I hated the flashcards and I hated the multiplication tables, but I did enjoy the fact that my dad took time out of his schedule to help me in the areas in which I needed it.
Jack Handey|A thought comes when it will, not when I will.
Haylen Beck, Here and Gone|Listen to me," Audra said. "Listen good. You don't get to touch me anymore. Not ever. You don't own me, or my children. We are not your possessions. You never really loved our children, but I do. Now, I'm going to find Sean and Louise. You can either help me or get out of my way. Which is it?
Christy Reece, Rescue Me|Hands still in the air, Jordan reached back and gently caressed her cheek. Dying for this woman would be no hardship. He'd die a thousand times over if it would take away her pain.Since he had every intention of living a long and healthy life with Eden at his side, he sincerely hoped Noah was on his way and dying wouldn't be necessary.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|What he found impossible was to shut off his brain, to detach himself from the intriguing problems with which (he) was involved, or to leave alone the major problems of war and peace, race and poverty, man's inhumanity to man and the persistence of stupidity.
Nikola Tesla|The year 2100 will see eugenics universally established. In past ages, the law governing the survival of the fittest roughly weeded out the less desirable strains. Then man's new sense of pity began to interfere with the ruthless workings of nature. As a result, we continue to keep alive and to breed the unfit. The only method compatible with our notions of civilization and the race is to prevent the breeding of the unfit by sterilization and the deliberate guidance of the mating instinct, Several European countries and a number of states of the American Union sterilize the criminal and the insane. This is not sufficient. The trend of opinion among eugenists is that we must make marriage more difficult. Certainly no one who is not a desirable parent should be permitted to produce progeny. A century from now it will no more occur to a normal person to mate with a person eugenically unfit than to marry a habitual criminal.
Martin Scorsese|Violence is not the answer, it doesn’t work any more. We are at the end of the worst century in which the greatest atrocities in the history of the world have occurred... The nature of human beings must change. We must cultivate love and compassion.
Jackie Sigmund, The Right Words at the Right Time Volume 2: Your Turn!|Find happiness where you can," she said softly. "It's not just the great big whammo things. Look for the beauty of life in the small things, and you'll be the happiest person alive.
Dick Van Dyke|It's more in my nature to be optimistic, I think. I'm one of those people who gets up on the right side of the bed in the morning.
Q-Tip|We are all afraid for our confidence, for the future, for the world. That is the nature of the human imagination. Yet every man, every civilization, has gone forward because of its engagement with what it has set itself to do.
Eddie Lenihan|There'll be no more music, Father. But there'll be this!" He stepped into the dark, picked up the knife, and held it under their noses. "Go home. Tell your people what you saw and heard here tonight. And tell 'em that anyone we catch on these roads after dark anymore... this is what they'll get. Now that I know we're never to see the face o' God, we have nothing to lose. So, make sure you have your message right, Father, 'cause there'll be no other warning.
Sai Baba|All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|At this point, none of us are sure why we fight. We’re sisters. We need no good reason to fight, even though we have plenty of them.
T.A. Uner|I don’t know’,” he said. “Those three words from a willing soul are the start of a grand and magnificent voyage.” And with that he began a discourse that lasted for several weeks, covering scene-setting, establishing conflict, plot twists, and first- and third-person narration. [ I learned in these rapid-fire mini-dissertations that like most literature lovers I would come to know, Henry was a book snob. He assumed that if a current author was popular and widely enjoyed, then he or she had no merit. He made a few exceptions, such as Kurt Vonnegut, although that was mostly because Vonnegut lived on Cape Cod and so he probably had some merits as a human being, if not as a writer. I think that the way Henry saw it was that he was not being a snob. In fact I would venture that in his view of things, snobbery had nothing to do with it. Rather, it was a matter of standards. It was bout quality in the author’s craftsmanship.
Tim Burton|The Girl With Many EyesOne day in the parkI had quite a surprise.I met a girlwho had many eyes.She was really quite pretty(and also quite shocking!)and I noticed she had a mouth,so we ended up talking.We talked about flowers,and her poetry classes,and the problems she'd haveif she ever wore glasses.It's great to know a girlwho has so many eyes,but you really get wetwhen she breaks down and cries.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In a world of sleepwalkers an awakened mind is a teacher and a catalyst for new awakenings, whether they want to be or not.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|Mad people are very emotionally orientated! They have complex feelings, they’re easily upset, but are also easy to please! Most mad people have lonely lives, as nobody understands them. So they become “Lost Souls.” They dream a lot. Go within their minds to search - some will turn strange, become dangerous. So a madman is created! His world becomes a mission.
Oprah Winfrey|One of the most basic factors in sports is that winning becomes a habit, and losing is the same way. When failure starts to feel normal in your life or your work or even your darkest vices, you won't have to go looking for trouble, because trouble will find you. Count on it.
Christina Brooke, London's Last True Scoundrel|I only hope I may not be ruined,” she was saying miserably. “I should be obliged to marry you after all, and then I’d likely murder you before the wedding breakfast was over.
Augustine of Hippo|This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.
Steve McCann|They [left-wingers] willy-nilly throw around the accusation of Nazism and comparisons to Hitler whenever confronted by any opposition, yet they are today's Nazis in their determination to shut down by threats or violence free speech and assembly.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Relax, refresh and revive your soul, spirit and body.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|The people naturally adhere most to doctrines which demand the least self-exertion and the least use of their own reason, and which can best accommodate their duties to their inclinations.
Hesiod|Youth is a silly, vapid state, Old age with fears and ills is rife; This simple boon I beg of Fate - A thousand years of Middle Life.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Although I notice there is never a truly good time to have a nice long chat with one´s mother-in-law, unless you are having an extraordinary life and marriage and your mother-in-law is, say, Maureen Dowd, or Indira Gandhi. Someone of that ilk.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|The world has many places that can make us uncomfortable. Calling them evil, or any other bad name, doesn’t make them go away.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|Her gaze met his. "What do you want more than anything?"Right now, he felt like he could gaze into her green eyes for a century or two. They were amazing, the way they flared with anger, twinkled with humor, or softened with compassion. "I want to be loved, honestly and truly loved, for who I am. And I want to love a woman with all my heart for all my life. I want to ache for her mind, for her body, for her companionship."Her eyes widened. "Oh." (Toni & Ian)
Lois McMaster Bujold, Shards of Honour|A man with charm is an entertaining thing, and a man with looks is, ofcourse, a sight to behold, but a man with honor - ah, he is the one, dear reader, to which young ladies should flock.
Bethany Albertson, Anxious Politics: Democratic Citizenship in a Threatening World|as the determinants of high status keep shifting, so, too, naturally, will the triggers of status anxiety be altered.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passion is different from interest. Those who are just interested in things have the “wish”, but passionate people have the “will”.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi. Volume primo.|To be civilized, really, is to be aware of the others, their hopes, their gladnesses, their illusions about life.
Lex Allen|One thing I have to give Christians; were it not for Sunday, every day of the week would be a workday.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|There are plenty of good reason for fighting," I said, "but no good reason ever to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too. Where's evil? It's that large part of every man that wants to hate without limit, that wants to hate with God on its side. It's that part of every man that finds all kinds of ugliness so attractive. "It's that part of an imbecile," I said, "that punishes and vilifies and makes war.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|No one ever said that you would live to see the repercussions of everything you do, or that you have guarantees, or that you are not obliged to wander in the dark, or that everything will be proved to you and neatly verified like something in science. Nothing is: at least nothing that is worthwhile. I didn't bring you up only to move across sure ground. I didn't teach you to think that everything must be within our control or understanding. Did I? For, if I did, I was wrong. I fyou won't take a chance, then the powers you refuse because you cannot explain them, will, as they say, make a monkey out of you.
Kate Morton, The Lake House|Those afternoons in the library, breathing the stale sun-warmed dust of a thousand stories (accented by the collective mildew of a hundred years of rising damp), had been enchanted.
Alexa Vega|The memoirs that have come out of Africa are sometimes startlingly beautiful, often urgent, and essentially life-affirming, but they are all performances of courage and honesty.
Suzette R. Hinton|Every step you take, every breath, every conversation, your calling is center stage. There is no longer a piece here and a piece there, but there is wholeness. The sound of your voice and the sound of your life have come together.
Howard Stern|I've never gotten to do romantic comedy like most of the girls. Maybe because I'm fit, people assume that I'm not funny?
P. J. O'Rourke|A broad margin of leisure is as beautiful in a man's life as in a book. Haste makes waste, no less in life than in housekeeping. Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.
David McCaffrey, In Extremis: A Hellbound Novella|Even if you had committed a murder, I would have committed one too just so I could be with you… Even if you could not speak, see, hear or walk... I would have always, do you hear me, always stayed with you!
Simon Holt, Soulstice|Cole, for Christ's sake, will you stop staring at me like I'm beefcake of the month?
Rajnar Vajra, Analog Science Fiction and Fact, 2013 January/February|She figured that the main problem in physics is physicists, that most of them are caught in a mind trap because they're so used to things being made of smaller things. So they instinctively believe that reality, at its most basic level, must be made up of and regulated by almost infinitely small elementary particles.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|At any moment when you are you, you are you without the memory of yourself because if you remember yourself while you are you, you are not for the purposes of creating you.
Rachel  Harris, You're Still the One|Is it weird that I think it's hot when you boss me around?"	Her gaze snapped up to his, her blue eyes darkening with unmistakable hunger....	"I can take bossing you around to a whole other level if you'd like," she murmured.
Enid Bagnold, National Velvet|Climbing towards fame, recognition and popularity is very much pleasant; but all its sweetness does not count even for a day of going down.
A.M.M Alusi|Being an unveiled wife is about confronting and crushing your fears; believing in truth more than in doubt, worry, or lies, and finding your security in God alone
Sarah Helm, Ravensbrück: Life and Death in Hitler's Concentration Camp for Women|From the start the proportion of asocials in the camp was about one-third of the total population, and throughout the first years prostitutes, homeless and ‘work-shy’ women continued to pour in through the gates. Overcrowding in the asocial blocks increased fast, order collapsed, and then followed squalor and disease. Although we learn a lot about what the political prisoners thought of the asocials, we learn nothing of what the asocials thought of them. Unlike the political women, they left no memoirs. Speaking out after the war would mean revealing the reason for imprisonment in the first place, and incurring more shame. Had compensation been available they might have seen a reason to come forward, but none was offered. The German associations set up after the war to help camp survivors were dominated by political prisoners. And whether they were based in the communist East or in the West, these bodies saw no reason to help ‘asocial’ survivors. Such prisoners had not been arrested as ‘fighters’ against the fascists, so whatever their suffering none of them qualified for financial or any other kind of help. Nor were the Western Allies interested in their fate. Although thousands of asocials died at Ravensbrück, not a single black- or green-triangle survivor was called upon to give evidence for the Hamburg War Crimes trials, or at any later trials. As a result these women simply disappeared: the red-light districts they came from had been flattened by Allied bombs, so nobody knew where they went. For many decades, Holocaust researchers also considered the asocials’ stories irrelevant; they barely rate mention in camp histories. Finding survivors amongst this group was doubly hard because they formed no associations, nor veterans’ groups. Today, door-knocking down the Düsseldorf Bahndamm, one of the few pre-war red-light districts not destroyed, brings only angry shouts of ‘Get off my patch'.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I have a history of making decisions very quickly about men. I have always fallen in love fast and without measuring risks. I have a tendency not only to see the best in everyone, but to assume that everyone is emotionally capable of reaching his highest potential. I have fallen in love more times than I care to count with the highest potential of a man, rather than with the man himself, and I have hung on to the relationship for a long time (sometimes far too long) waiting for the man to ascend to his own greatness. Many times in romance I have been a victim of my own optimism.
Kurt Vonnegut|I make funny videos of me playing video games, and I share those moments.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|To his way of thinking, the only thing more natural than death was sex.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|How did he get so terribly smart, so determined? Maybe it was the pain I'd caused that made him that way, and if that were true, then I'd sort of had a hand in it, in making him as smart and devious as he was. I was really starting to dislike the guy. But I also felt a little proud, like Dr. Frankenstein must have felt when his monster turned on him, because after all, it was Dr. Frankenstein who had made the monster strong and cunning enough to turn on him.
Mortimer Adler|The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth.
Amit Kalantri|A single man is minority, a leader is the majority.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight / Life and Death|I take great comfort in believing that life doesn't end, it just changes. Our bodies are pure energy. Energy doesn't die, it transforms. I believe that when we die, we simply change from our human form to our spiritual form and we continue to love, guide and protect the ones we love on earth, as much as our energy will allow. It is the only logical explanation that makes perfect sense. - Tanya Masse aka Comic Strip Mama
Chrissy Metz|Around New York City, samples collected at dozens of beaches or piers have detected the types of bacteria and other pollutants tied to sewage overflows. Though the city's drinking water comes from upstate reservoirs, environmentalists say untreated excrement and other waste in the city's waterways pose serious health risks.
Charlotte Ross|Keep a watch also on the faults of the patients, which often make them lie about the taking of things prescribed.
Christopher Lasch|Don't let proud get to your head, always humble yourself.
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Storming the Castle|When facing unbeatable odds, just think of yourself as unbeatably odd. (The Hero's Guide to Being a Hero)
Baldassarre Castiglione, The Book of the Courtier|Outward beauty is a true sign of inner goodness. This loveliness, indeed, is impressed upon the body in varying degrees as a token by which the soul can be recognized for what it is, just as with trees the beauty of the blossom testifies to the goodness of the fruit.
Ann Patchett|Some children were lucky enough to have their Potter novels banned by witch-hunting school boards and micromanaging ministers. Is there any greater job than a book you're not allowed to read, a book you could go to hell for reading?
msampathkumar|You may wear that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It's time you learned some respect!''It's time you earned it,' said Harry.
Carl Safina, Voyage of the Turtle: In Pursuit of the Earth's Last Dinosaur|People have been on earth in our present form for only about 100,000 years, and in so many ways we’re still ironing out our kinks. These turtles we’ve been traveling with, they outrank us in longevity, having earned three more zeros than we. They’ve got one hundred million years of success on their resume, and they’ve learned something about how to survive in the world. And this, I think, is part of it: they have settled upon peaceful career paths, with a stable rhythm. If humans could survive another one hundred million years, I expect we would no longer find ourselves riding bulls. It’s not so much that I think animals have rights; it’s more that I believe humans have hearts and minds- though I’ve yet to see consistent, convincing proof of either. Turtles may seem to lack sense, but they don’t do senseless things. They’re not terribly energetic, yet they do not waste energy… turtles cannot consider what might happen yet nothing turtles do threatens anyone’s future. Turtles don’t think about the next generation, but they risk and provide all they can to ensure that there will be one. Meanwhile, we profess to love our own offspring above all else, yet above all else it is they from whom we daily steal. We cannot learn to be more like turtles, but from turtles we could learn to be more human. That is the wisdom carried within one hundred million years of survival. What turtles could learn from us, I can’t quite imagine.
John Scofield|Reproof on her lip, but a smile in her eye.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|That's pretty hot," he said."Punching me in the eye?""Well, no. Of course not. I meant the idea of getting rough with you is hot. I'm a big fan of full-contact sports.""I'm sure you are.
Eleanor Brownn|You thought it would break you in two, but it made you twice as strong.
Chloe Sevigny|I think I'm pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still don't have a new car, I drive my old car that I've had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago.
Paul Bourget|Blessed with the love of a good man, I felt equal to anything - even the prospect of living out my days in the Antipodes.
Steve Maraboli|Nothing is so unpopular as positive change amongst friends. It seems when you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change… But only after trying their hardest to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER let anyone dilute your power to change!
Stephen King, The Green Mile|What our parents tell us when we are small seldom goes ignored, no matter how foolish it may be
Francine Pascal, Wrong Kind of Girl|I'm nothing but envious that you've been happily married for two years. Try hauling your cookies on a new blind date every Friday, only to have your, already extremely low, expectations dashed as you meet men who look like Quasimodo and have Homer Simpson's IQ. 
Ward Churchill|She goes through the vale of death alone, each time a babe is born. As it is the right neither of man nor the state to coerce her into this ordeal, so it is her right to decide whether she will endure it.
John G. Miller, QBQ! The Question Behind the Question: Practicing Personal Accountability at Work and in Life|If we have not changed, we have not learned
John A. Widtsoe, Priesthood and Church Government|We are aware that the order of God requires the exercise of humility, but not of servility of slaves; but a humility that can be associated with undoubted courage and unflinching integrity; at the same time there is no room for pride, self-sufficient pride, that rests solely upon its own capabilities, and refuses to look for the support and countenance of others.--MS 7:91 [MS is the Millenial Star]
Tom Petty|I'm old enough to have lived in a country where, if you were willing to work hard, you could have a fairly nice life. You could support your family, and even get a shot at owning your own home. But you never thought you'd get a swimming pool. Now culture has hypnotised people into thinking they're really nothing if they're not wealthy and a Kardashian.
Anihyr Moonstar|I take it, though,...given the utter lack of change in your demeanor and nearly radiating I-just-slaughtered-a -bunch-of-infant-forest-animals guilt coming from your general direction...the exchange with your female friend went something a trifle short of fantastic. 
Aaron Sorkin, The West Wing Script Book|..forever daydreaming of a kiss so sweet, angels weep..
Anthony T. Hincks|Even when your life is full of color, you still need to be reminded that things come in black and white.
Cassandra Giovanni, Faded Perfection|Let’s just say Noah and Flynn enjoy the chase, and when they catch their woman, they keep her tied so she stays caught when they play.
Keith Graves|Swaddle in our favorites, we missed out on what was in our peripheral vision.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The battle fever. He had never thought to experience it himself, though Jamie had told him of it often enough. How time seemed to blur and slow and evenstop, how the past and the future vanished until there was nothing but the instant, how fear fled, and thought fled, and even you body. "You don't feel your wounds then, or the ache in your back from the weight of the armor, or the sweat running down into your eyes. You stop feeling you stop thinking, you stop being you, there is only the fight , the foe, this man and then the next and the next and the next, and you know they are afraid and tired but you're not, you're alive, and death is all around you but their swords move so slowly, you can dance through them laughing." Battle fever. I am half a man and drunk with slaughter, let them kill me if they can!
George R.R. Martin|Ten minutes later, I chance a second look. They say curiosity killed the cat. I wonder what that cat was looking at, and was it as interesting as this?
Susumu Katsumata, Red Snow|Your daughter's coming of age, you ought to let her see the world a little.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Silence is what allows people to suffer without recourse, what allows hypocrisies and lies to grow and flourish, crimes to go unpunished.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Throughout the history of mankind, the virtues embraced by humanity have remained true, unwavering, and consistent.
Irving Berlin|Mindfulness is about love and loving life. When you cultivate this love, it gives you clarity and compassion for life, and your actions happen in accordance with that.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author in law. (B.Com,LLB-goldmedalist, LLM-GoldM|Don't let the inconsequential fairy tales stand in your way! You do what makes you happy, no matter what.
Saint Ignatius|Ann Romney makes all women proud by the way she has conducted her life as a strong woman of faith, as a mother, as a wife and as a true patriot.
Sun Yat-sen|Our leaders must hear us speaking on behalf of our brothers and sisters in South Sudan. If the moral duty to save lives and work toward peace is not compelling enough to drive decision-makers, we must remind them that we care and will hold them accountable.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Allah says in the Qur'an not to despise one another. So the criterion in Islam is not color or social status. It's who is most righteous. If I go to a mosque - and I'm a basketball player with money and prestige - if I go to a mosque and see an imam, I feel inferior. He's better than me. It's about knowledge.
Peter Perret, A Well-Tempered Mind: Using Music to Help Children Listen and Learn|Our musicians in residence carry this belief into the classroom. They don't think of children's self-esteem as so fragile that it will be shattered by the suggestion that the child guessed wrong or jumped to an invalid conclusion. They make corrections matter-of-factly, with no feeling that a chid is a failure because she has made an error, but with ocnfidence that the feedback will help the child learn and be accurate the next time.
Christy Wilson Beam, Miracles from Heaven: A Little Girl, Her Journey to Heaven, and Her Amazing Story of Healing|Heavenly Father,' Kevin says, 'we thank you for this beautiful day. For these beautiful children. For this food we're about to eat. Bless it to our bodies. Let it strengthen us to do your will and be your light in the world. Amen.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Reading your sonnets?” asked Orphu. Mahnmut closed the book. “How’d you know? Have you taken up telepathy now that you’ve lost your eyes?” “Not yet,” rumbled the Ionian. Orphu’s great crab shell was lashed to the deck ten meters from where Mahnmut sat near the bow. “Some of your silences are more literary than others, is all.
Susan Wise Bauer, The Well-Educated Mind: A Guide to the Classical Education You Never Had|The idea that fast reading is good reading is a twentieth-century weed, springing out of the stony farmland cultivated by the computer manufacturers.
Charlie Donlea, The Girl Who Was Taken|She is shocked by the rows of thick Plexiglas windows, each equipped with a telephone, each with a prisoner on one side and an outsider on the other. There is a teenage girl chatting with a prisoner who is presumably her father. There’s a married couple talking to their daughter. There’s a woman with a baby in her arms, sobbing into her phone as she begs her husband not to plead guilty for his crimes. Jail is terrifying to Geraldine, not only because it’s a house of criminals but also because it’s a cold slap in the face, a reminder of where she will eventually end up. “You’ve got to stay with me the whole time, Callo! I’m serious, you CANNOT leave me here.”“I’ll never,” Callo vows, but he’s eyeing her strangely. “Just remember which side of the glass you’re on right now, Geraldine.
Gautama Buddha|As my friend, you should either bring me along, or keep me company.""Friend?" he asked.She blushed. "Well, 'scowling escort' is a better description. Or 'reluctant acquaintance', if you prefer.
Alice Englert|With any group of people in life, sad things happen, and crazy things, and happy things. When you're in the public eye, it's just amplified, that's all.
Eric Stonestreet|The United States has a long tradition of preserving the all-American outdoor experience, dating back to the days of President Theodore Roosevelt.
Yael Naim|Computers have become more friendly, understandable, and lots of years and thought have been put into developing software to convince people that they want and need a computer.
Steve Earle|So are you an inmate or a rubbernecker?" she asks."Rubbernecker," I answer without hesitation. "You?""I'm a screw. Or on staff, anyway. Used to be an inmate. Repeat offender. Crimes against my body. Puking sickness followed by heroin, which led to more puking sickness." I'd be surprised at her forthrightness, but that's addicts for you. The twelve steps crack 'em open and then they can't shut up.
Natalie Palmer, Second Kiss|The thing that hurts the most, that makes it hard to sleep at night, is not being with you" -Jess Tyler
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is the appreciation of what you have, not what you should have.
Louise Hay|Grief is a matter of the heart and soul. Grieve your loss, allow it in, and spend time with it. Suffering is the optional part. Love never dies, and spirit knows no loss. Keep in mind that a broken heart is an open heart.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|We don't need inspiration to do something, we just need interest.
Anjum Choudhary|Don't focus on the words i write,pay attention to the ones i don't.These lines won't tell you much about me,try to read in between these lines.
William Jennings Bryan, The Bible Or Evolution|If the Pentateuch is not inspired in its astronomy, geology, geography, history or philosophy, if it is not inspired concerning slavery, polygamy, war, law, religious or political liberty, or the rights of men, women and children, what is it inspired in, or about? The unity of God?—that was believed long before Moses was born. Special providence?—that has been the doctrine of ignorance in all ages. The rights of property?—theft was always a crime. The sacrifice of animals?—that was a custom thousands of years before a Jew existed. The sacredness of life?—there have always been laws against murder. The wickedness of perjury?—truthfulness has always been a virtue. The beauty of chastity?—the Pentateuch does not teach it. Thou shalt worship no other God?—that has been the burden of all religions.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Dear Dick, I guess it's been a case of infatuation... Mostly this infatuation-energy is about wanting to know someone.... Whereas the sex-infatuations that's male *you, Shake, the priest) leap out of nowhere, based on not knowing them at all. As if sex could provide the missing clues. Can it? In the cases of the males it's like I felt some kind of hint of who that person was floating under the surface. Wanting sex to realise things I knew.
L.Z.Marie|... the poor always live on debt. At this point, time is the only thing I still have the credibility to borrow.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Dig deep & pull the roots of confidence from the ground of your being, standing firm in the raging storm until sunlight blossoms inside you.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Never be afraid to cry. Sometimes, nothing can cleanse the heart more than a few wet tears.
Leonard Perlmutter, The Heart and Science of Yoga: The American Meditation Institute's Empowering Self-Care Program for a Happy, Healthy, Joyful Life|It's the new best way to start your day - Ram Lev on Facebook Live TOMORROW, Thursday, March 16th, at 7:30am EST."If I am not the body that was born and dies, and I am not the mind that always changes, then who am I? The One who is aware of the body, aware of the mind, and aware of the questions.
Clement of Alexandria|Do not think that we say that these things are only to be received by faith, but also that they are to be asserted by reason. For indeed it is not safe to commit these things to bare faith without reason, since assuredly truth cannot be without reason.
Robert S. Hichens, the Return of the Soul and Other Stories|For great changes in the human mind are terrible. As we realize them we realize the limitless possibilities of sinister deeds that lie hidden in every human being. A little child that loves a doll can become an old, crafty, secret murderer. How horrible! And perhaps it is still more horrible to think that, while the human envelope remains totally unchanged, every word of the letter within may become altered, and a message of peace fade into a sentence of death.
C.M. Okonkwo|You can be anywhere you want in the world, meet different people and learn more than a hundred things in a matter of minutes… all you have to do is READ!
Julian Casablancas|It is funny that men who are supposed to be scientific cannot get themselves to realise the basic principle of physics, that action and reaction are equal and opposite, that when you persecute people you always rouse them to be strong and stronger.
Jenim Dibie|And on the days I couldn't breathe, I learned to paint air.
Clinton Kelly|Fine clothes may disguise, but silly words will disclose a fool
Lewis Carroll|We all have our routines," he said softly."But they must have a purpose and provide an outcome that we can see and take some comfort from, or else they have no use at all. Without that, they are like the endless pacings of a caged animal. If they are not madness itself, then they are a prelude to it.
Jodi LaPalm, Still Life: a novella|He pulled me toward him, and all I could do was stand there with arms at my sides and head against his chest. Broken, I feared even the slightest movement would cause pieces of me to snap off and fall to the gritty pavement.
Billy Eichner|If interviewers are prejudiced against women or Hispanics, for example, a face-to-face interview will predictably result in discrimination. Reliance on tests, or on actual or past performance, can promote equality.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|For the first time, I´m not just nervous about what´s to come; I´m scared.
Alfred Tennyson, A Key To Tennyson's In Memoriam|i carry your heart with me(i carry it inmy heart)i am never without it(anywherei go you go,my dear;and whatever is doneby only me is your doing,my darling)
William Pitt|All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours.
Katie Reus, Breaking Her Rules|Wyatt pushed out a rough breath. "You're going to make this no-sex thing impossible, aren't you?"	She grinned and snagged another bite for herself. "Not any more than you're going to make it for me.
Anonymous|One little six-year-old took home a note saying he need not come to school since he was "too stupid to learn." That boy was Thomas Edison.
Brittany Burgunder|If you want to do something healthy for yourself - focus on your internal relationship. A diet, external, or materialistic fix WON'T work.
Joel Goldman, Motion To Kill|If man doesn't dream, he has nothing.""A man whose dreams will never come true still has nothing.
Anne Lamott|Here are the two best prayers I know: 'Help me, help me, help me' and 'Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Grace Helbig|After 'Freaky Friday,' another teen movie was not on my playlist.
Matt Damon|I do think it's getting better, but I have noticed that Asians are not well represented in awards shows, and not a ton of Asian faces on the big screen either. Perhaps some of the young Asian actors who are on TV series now will be seen in upcoming movies in the near future - Jamie Chung, Constance Wu, Suzy Nakamura, to name a few. Fingers crossed.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|Jed thought he understood. It was like when his radios were thrown away. You could shrug your shoulders, put on a face that said you didn't care, but you did and nothing could ever be secure again. The next time security appeared as a possibility, you smashed it yourself. And went on smashing it. That, he was sure, was how Creed felt.
Charlotte Stein, Run to You|I'd also learned something new. There was something really sexy about a man that kissed you, without stopping to ask first.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Wish and learn to smooth away the surly wrinkles, to raise your lids frankly, and change the fiends to confident, innocent angels, suspecting and doubting nothing, and always seeing friends where they are not sure of foes.
Nikki Rowe|There are no wrong answers only different perspectives. With that being said, some perspectives are certainly better than others.
Carl Sagan, Contact|The others would then fall silent and she would continue about doped gallium arsenide detectors, or the ethanol content of the galactic cloud W-3. The quantity of 200-proof alcohol in this single interstellar cloud was more than enough to maintain the present population of the Earth, if every adult were a dedicated alcoholic, for the age of the solar system. The tamada had appreciated the remark.
Jonathan Kozol|Dread, which is closely related to fear, steals the ability to enjoy ordinary life and makes people anxious about the future. It keeps them from looking forward to the next day, the next month, or the next decade.
Jeff Morco|The person standing at the corner in the cold waiting for the ride is the most important person in the world and any transit system employees only exist for that person and act accordingly, above and beyond their own self-interest
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Stranger|Friends, huh?” She shook Vincent's hand, but lingered with Peter, giving him a sexy smile. She quickly took in his blond-haired good looks. “If I had a friend like you, I'm not sure I would ever leave the house,” she continued, her voice slightly hoarse and extremely sexy.
Scott Westerfeld, So Yesterday|Now I was falling faster than a comet plummeting to the earth, just waiting to create a giant explosion. Just like a comet, I had no idea exactly how much damage I would leave in my wake.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|It's a shame for a woman's history to be all about men-first boys, then other boys, then men, men, men. It reminds me of the way our school history textbooks were all about wars and elections, one war after another, with the dull periods of peace skimmed over when they happened.
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|Madame Thenardier was approaching her forties, which is equivalent to fifty in a woman...
Maxwell Maltz|Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
Heather Simmons|Knowing that an asteroid is going to hit the earth is not really useful if you are not planning to launch missiles to knock it out of the sky. You have to work massively overtime on the belief that innovation or massive change is going to happen.' — Tom Martin, former VP of marketing
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|It was an idea that made the crucial difference between British and Iberian America – an idea about the way people should govern themselves. Some people make the mistake of calling that idea ‘democracy’ and imagining that any country can adopt it merely by holding elections. In reality, democracy was the capstone of an edifice that had as its foundation the rule of law – to be precise, the sanctity of individual freedom and the security of private property rights, ensured by representative, constitutional government.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Don't be too quick to draw conclusions from what happens to you; simply let it happen. Otherwise it will be too easy for you to look with blame... at your past, which naturally has a share with everything that now meets you.
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|Unless the distant goals of meaning, greatness, and destiny are addressed, we can’t make an intelligent decision about what to do tomorrow morning—much less set strategy for a company or for a human life. Nothing is more practical than for people to deepen themselves. The more you understand the human condition, the more effective you are as a businessperson. Human depth makes (even) business sense.
Henry Walter Bates|It isn't enough just to scream at the Occupy Wall Street demonstrations. We need our political system to start reflect this anger back into, 'How do we fix it? How do we get the economy going again?'
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Sufism, they say, is that which enables one to understand religion, irrespective of its current outward form.
boyka togar s|FAITH, is all i have, and all i need,
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Twist a tongue, and tongue a twist how many twists can a tongue twister twist around their twisting tongue. If a tongue twister's tongue could twist, how many twists would the tongue twister's tongue twist while their tongue was a twisting.
Don Marquis, Archyology : The Long Lost Tales of Archy and Mehitabel|Every honorable man is forced to yield to blackmail once or twice in his life, just for the sake of keeping peace in the community.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|But, despite everything, it was almost a pleasure to suffer those torments. I had crawled through life blindly and dully for so long, my heart had kept silent and had sat, impoverished, in a corner for so long, that even these self accusations, this horror, this whole ghastly emotion in my soul was welcome. After all, it was an emotion, flames were still rising, it showed that my heart was still alive! In a confused way, in the midst of misery I felt something like liberation and springtime.
Glenn Hefley|In this world where value is unknown, but the price of anything is marked, where the creation of self has been abandoned for the search for self, the behavior diagnosed as antisocial is often too quickly ascribed to intelligence when thrust into contact with widespread conformity, and refuses.
Will Rogers|Hope says to us constantly  "Go on  go on " and leads us thus to the grave.
Sara Gruen|in our age there is no such thing as " keeping out of politics " all issues are political issues , and politics itself is a mass of lies , evasions , folly , hatred and .
Abhijit Naskar|There are pearls in the deepest fathoms of the Self, but to get them you will have to go through unimaginable perils.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Love happens only once, and the second time is always a compromise made to forget the first love.
Ivanka Trump|When I look around at this world, we women need each other so badly, it breaks my heart. Sisterhood is dissipating, and we aren't doing nearly enough to salvage it. Eliminate the crazies in your life, yes. But also look again at those around you.
Norman Lock, The Boy in His Winter: An American Novel|I would prefer to believe that things possess the power of recall, of recollection. That things are memoirs of the existences that once were theirs, if only we knew how to read them.
Aravind Adiga|If I had been on 'Bowling for Dollars', I'd wind up owing them money.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|People were meant to be loved,Things were meant to be used, the world is in trouble for many use people,and love things. Let get it right folks.
Sarahbeth Purcell, Love Is the Drug|Mental imbalance is about as acceptable as herpes. It’s never going to be accepted. But really, it’s a disease just like cancer. It just happens, and eats away all the good parts of your brain, like judgment and happiness and perception and memory and life. And you can die from depression just like any other disease. And it’s not as if people choose it. So why is it still a joke of medicine? “She died of cancer.” is a lot more socially acceptable to people than “She committed suicide.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water has no hands,but carries great ships.Air has no shoulders,but carries large planes.The Sun has no eyes,but finds its way around the universe.
Terri Fields, After the Death of Anna Gonzales|Somehow, I feel almost blinded myself.And I am forever left to wonderWhether telling you how truly specialYou were Might have made a difference.
Muhammad Asad, The Road to Mecca|People make decisions, and maybe you don't always agree, but those choices are still their own.
Erik Pevernagie|If we go down the rabbit hole of our unconsciousness and try to unravel the knotty points of our life story we may encounter a bunch of hidden niceties or emotional stowaways. Forgotten details in the windmill of our mind may daintily reveal, where things might have gone wrong. (“I wonder what went wrong.”)
Neil Jain|Lest we lay too heavy a criticism against any government administration--local, state, or federal--we are reminded that American government is representational. Political leaders reflect the people who elect them (as well as those who fail in this civic responsibility) as a mirror reflects those who gaze into it.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|I know something about a lot of things," she countered evenly. "That's why you're grooming me to be your lieutenant, remember?" - Mara Jade
khushboo suneja|I want to dive in the deepest trench, get locked in the darkest room,get lost in the biggest maze,travel longest to the furthest placebut keep my heart on the safest place...
Mehmet Murat ildan|The sun finally died in beauty, flinging out its crimson flames, which cast their reflection on the faces of passers-by, giving them a strangely feverish look. The darkness of the trees became deeper. You could hear the Seine flowing. Sounds carried farther, and people in their beds could feel, as they did every night, the vibration of the ground as buses rolled past.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|For Death must be somewhere in a society; if it is no longer (or less intensely) in religion, it must be elsewhere; perhaps in this image which produces Death while trying to preserve life. Contemporary with the withdrawal of rites, Photography may correspond to the intrusion, in our modern society, of an asymbolic Death, outside of religion, outside of ritual, a kind of abrupt dive into literal Death. 
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Fashion doesn't make you perfect, but it makes you pretty.
Stephen J. Dubner|Islam is a religion. It is not an ideology. For a Muslim, there is no such thing as to be against modernity. Why should a Muslim not be a modern person? I, as a Muslim, fulfill all the requirements of my religion, and I live in a democratic, social state.
Italo Calvino|The city, however, does not tell its past, but contains it like the lines of a hand
Charles F. Glassman|When your intentions are pure, so too will be your success.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Life is power, don’t abuse it.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|The only rule is that truth must empower you, make you better in every way possible.
Debasish Mridha|When gratitude begins, then life finds the abundance and suffering ends.
Marcus Samuelsson|I learned to cook in self-defense. My wife doesn't know what a kitchen is. In the first month of our marriage, she broiled lamb chops 26 nights in a row. Then I took over. I used to mind her not caring about food, but no more - as long as I can eat what I want.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Anyway, Arianna and I left the castle very late one evening. I knew the knight on guard at the drawbridge so I hit hit him over the head because I didn't want to hurt him.Garion blinked."I knew he'd be honor-bound to try to stop us," Lelldorin explained. "I didn't want to have to kill him, so I hit him over the head.""I suppose that makes sense," Garion said dubiously."Arianna's almost positive he won't die.""DIE?""I hit him just a little too hard, I think.
Sanober  Khan|the saddest thing is to bea minute to someone,when you've made them your eternity.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|When you speak directly at things and don't say you're going to try to do something or that you hope to do something, the universe will work with you. Think about it this way - a boomerang goes out and comes back to you if you throw it. If you throw it out at the universe, it will come back down to you on Earth.
Alex Tabarrok|A captain of the Navy ought to be a man of strong and well connected sense, with a tolerable good education, a gentleman, as well as a seaman both in theory and practice.
Tracy Brogan, My Kind of You|I have to wonder,” Aaron said, 'does your conscience whack you upside the head every time you contemplate taking a little time to just enjoy life?' - from Fly Away With Me
Tom Spanbauer, In the City of Shy Hunters|Listen, no part of me is more definitive of who I am than my brain.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite all of our incessant tinkering, we can’t manufacture the things we most desperately need. And if perchance we do, they will never be more than pathetically emaciated facsimiles that will leave us emaciated. And until we finally realize that we can only ‘find’ these things, we will never sense any compulsion to ‘find’ God.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|The pessimist may call the optimist a fool; but who is more foolish, the happy individual who expects more happiness or the one who fills his life with bitterness and has only more despair to look forward to?
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Club Dumas|When he stepped into the shower, the hot water scalded him. He let it run over his face, burning his eyelids. He put up with the pain, his jaw clenched and his muscles taut, suppressing the urge to howl with loneliness in the suffocating steam. For four years, one month, and twelve days, Nikon always got into the shower with him after they made love and soaped his back slowly, interminably. And often she put her arms around him, like a little girl in the rain. One day I'll leave without ever really knowing you. You'll remember my big, dark eyes. The reproachful silences. The moans of anxiety as I slept. The nightmares you couldn't save me from. You'll remember all this when I'm gone.
Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing|Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of magic.
Bruce Catton, Waiting for the Morning Train|On coming to America I had the same hopes as have most European immigrants and the same disillusionment, though the latter affected me more keenly and more deeply. The immigrant without money and without connections is not permitted to cherish the comforting illusion that America is a benevolent uncle who assumes a tender and impartial guardianship of nephews and nieces. I soon learned that in a republic there are myriad ways by which the strong, the cunning, the rich can seize power and hold it. I saw the many work for small wages which kept them always on the borderline of want for the few who made huge profits. I saw the courts, the halls of legislation, the press, and the schools--in fact every avenue of education and protection--effectively used as an instrument for the safeguarding of a minority, while the masses were denied every right. I found that the politicians knew how to befog every issue, how to control public opinion and manipulate votes to their own advantage and to that of their financial and industrial allies. This was the picture of democracy I soon discovered on my arrival in the United States. Fundamentally there have been few changes since that time.
Robert F. Engle|All of us are going to have to find ways to do things more efficiently, find ways to get our costs more in line, and do it in a time of higher regulatory and environmental standards.
Stuart Neville, The Twelve|Hate is a terrible thing. It's a wasteful, stupid emotion. You can hate someone with all your heart, but it'll never do them a bit of harm. The only person it hurts is you. You can spend your days hating, letting it eat away at you, and the person you hate will go on living just the same. So, what's the point?
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|But in this crowd, my blond ponytail stood out like a crescent moon in a midnight sky.
Ally Carter|Hale." Kat sighed. "The headmaster's car? Really? That's not to cliched for you?"What can I say?" He shrugged. "I'm an old-fashioned guy. Besides, it's a classic for a reason." He leaned against the window. "It's good to see you, Kat."Kat didn't know what to say. It's good to see you, too? Thanks for getting me kicked out? Is it possible you've gotten even hotter? I think I might have missed you?
M.T. Anderson, Thirsty|Vampirism: (n) 1. The condition of being a vampire, marked by the need to ingest blood and extreme vulnerability to sunlight. 2. The act of preying upon others for financial or emotional gain. 3. A gigantic pain in the butt.
Bhagat Kabir|Give up your holy books, and remember the Lord, you fool, and stop oppressing others so badly.
Charles de Leusse|He wondered about himself (whether he was broken, or special, or better, or worse) and about other people (whether they were really all as stupid as they seemed).
Erin M. Straza, Comfort Detox: Finding Freedom from Habits That Bind You|When I harvest my life right up to the edges, I have collected every last kernel of blessing.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Knowing is important, but understanding is essential for wisdom.
O. Douglas, Penny Plain|You know the people," said Pamela, "who say, 'Of course I love reading, but I've no time, alas!' as if everyone who loves reading doesn't make time.
Bill Bryson|The nose of a mob is its imagination. By this, at any time, it can be quietly led.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Escape from Reason: A Penetrating Analysis of Trends in Modern Thought|Violence never really deals with the basic evil of the situation. Violence may murder the murderer, but it doesn’t murder murder. Violence may murder the liar, but it doesn’t murder lie; it doesn’t establish truth. Violence may even murder the dishonest man, but it doesn’t murder dishonesty. Violence may go to the point of murdering the hater, but it doesn’t murder hate. It may increase hate. It is always a descending spiral leading nowhere. This is the ultimate weakness of violence: It multiplies evil and violence in the universe. It doesn’t solve any problems.
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|I eye the three of them, considering. They’ll need a lesson in discretion before I go. Not a lethal lesson. Mom wouldn’t like that.
Robert Nozick, Anarchy, State, and Utopia|How could anarchy be any worse for the general welfare than this? I say let the city go bankrupt, the buildings fall, let grass take over Fifth Avenue. Let birds nest in storefronts, whales swim up the Hudson. We can spend mornings hunting for food, and afternoons fornicating, and at night we’ll dance on the rooftops and chant shantih shantih at the sky.
David Sedaris|When people inexplicably dissapeared into thin air, it was usually because they had a new zip code. Something like 666
Charmaine J Forde|I miss being in Barbados in December,That is a time I always remember,The smell of varnish on the wooden floors,And the smell of paint on the wooden doorsThe crowds in de Supermarket,Buying up the rum,And the music blastingPuh rup a pum pum
Amit Kalantri|You must go to the school or to the books or on the field because knowledge doesn't come to you, you must go to the knowledge.
Nikki Rowe|Growth is ugly, it's hideous, it's all the things we don't like but my god, once you walk through the fire of confusion you will feel burning passion within your flame.
Heather Bresch|Work is that which you dislike doing but perform for the sake of external rewards. At school, this takes the form of grades. In society, it means money, status, privilege.
Emilie de Ravin|I don't have a strict diet where I have to eat 100g of this, 200g of that, but before, I had a problem with sweet things, so I cut them out completely.
Steven Ivy Attorney Entrepreneur|A title from the1966 movie"The Russians Are Coming,The Russians Are Coming," gives a new meaning toa phrase: "wait a minute, we've seen this movie before
Alastair Reynolds, On the Steel Breeze|One sticking point was that Jobs wanted his payout to be in cash. Amelio insisted that he needed to "have skin in the game" and take the payout in stock that he would agree to hold for at least a year.
Juice Newton|So often corporate America, business America, are the worst communicators, because all they understand are facts, and they cannot tell a story. They know how to explain their quarterly results, but they don't know how to explain what they mean.
Nikki Rowe|She wore her battle scars like wings, looking at her you would never know that once upon a time she forgot how to fly
Linsey McGoey, No Such Thing as a Free Gift: The Gates Foundation and the Price of Philanthropy|If I was a private individual, I'd be more careful; but being as I'm a government, I'm privileged to make a God-damned fool of myself in any way I choose, especially by spending a lot more money than I've got or ever will have, and promising to do things that I ain't got a chance of doing.
James Rozoff|Never do the eyes of the devil shine as much as when he hears the words: liberty, equality, fraternity.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|I lacked the knowledge of linear perspective needed to get into the art school, so now I whitewash walls and imagine I’m heaven’s landscape painter.
Robbie Lawler|I'm honoured and delighted to be named the 'Irish Times'/Irish Sports Council Sportswoman of the Year 2014. This has been an amazing year for me and for Irish women in sport, and I would like to congratulate all the finalists in their respective fields who have excelled at major sporting events.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|I would rather be on the team of the Leader who prays to God for wisdom to guide the followers, than to be on the team of the leader who leads without prayer.
Anshu|We all do it (or I used to-yes, once in a while, Franklin, what did you think?), we all know we all do it, but it isn't customary to say, "Honey, could you keep an eye on the spaghetti sauce, because I'm going to go masturbate.
Lawrence Krauser, Lemon|The past is fractal premonition, infinite to the eye but nothing to be built on . . .
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Eliminate blame, guilt, and worry from your diet and watch your health improve.
Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, The Shapeshifters: The Kiesha'ra of the Den of Shadows|In a society that worships love, freedom and beauty, dance is sacred,It is a paryer for the future, a remembrance of the past and a joyful exclamation of thanks for the present.
Sei Shōnagon, The Pillow Book|I love you till kingdom come, evergreen.
Shane Claiborne, Jesus for President: Politics for Ordinary Radicals|One by one, these disciples would infect the nations with grace. It wasn't a call to take the sword or the throne and force the world to bow. Rather, they were to live the contagious love of God, to woo the nations into a new future.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|The introduction of free competition is thus public declaration that from now on the members of society are unequal only to the extent that their capitals are unequal, that capital is the decisive power, and that therefore the capitalists, the bourgeoisie, have become the first class in society.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person, they are almost indistinguishable.
Catherine O'Hara|If I had no family, my wife and I would lead a much more romantic and nomadic existence.
J. Nelle Patrick, Tsarina|[It is not] the poet's business to use verse as an advanced form of rhetoric, nor to give to political statements the aura of eternal truth.
Ian Rankin, The Complaints|I’m with the fool in the psalm. You thought we could get on without you; no – you didn’t care whether we got on without you or not. You just got up and left. So that’s what we’re doing, we’re getting on.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Despite two millennia of Christian apologetics, the fact is that belief in a dying and rising messiah simply did not exist in Judaism. In the entirety of the Hebrew Bible there is not a single passage of scripture or prophecy about the promised messiah that even hints of his ignominious death, let alone his bodily resurrection.
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Chef: The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro, Learning Anything, and Living the Good Life|What you study is more important than how you study. Students are subordinate to materials, much like novice cooks are subordinate to recipes. If you select the wrong material, the wrong textbook, the wrong group of words, it doesn't matter how much (or how well) you study. It doesn't matter how good your teacher is. One must find the highest-frequency material. Material beats method.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Love knew no bounds, knew no limitations. It looked beyond the unseen realm and reached in for a taste, for a moment of regenerated happiness, and in that moment fate was altered and the destinies of many were changed. Their land, their Northbrook, they discovered, was a very magical place.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Yes, there is something in me hateful, repulsive," thought Ljewin, as he came away from the Schtscherbazkijs', and walked in the direction of his brother's lodgings. "And I don't get on with other people. Pride, they say. No, I have no pride. If I had any pride, I should not have put myself in such a position".
Abu Bakr|There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth.
Paul Ryan|Fighting in the ring or cage is very much different from fighting in the street. Fighting in the street is very much fueled by anger, pride, and male dominance and ego.
Debasish Mridha|At the end, nothing will matter except the love that you gave away.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|Between any two beings there is a unique, uncrossable distance, an unenterable sanctuary. Sometimes it takes the shape of aloneness. Sometimes it takes the shape of love.
Nema Al-Araby|Is it crazy to say that I sometimes don't understand what I write but I write it anyway, because maybe someone, somewhere, somehow, would feel what I didn't?
Elizabeth Strout|Every family has one living patriarch or matriarch, the final arbiter and repository of ancient family history, and Nicole's Aunt Patti was the last woman standing.
Jess C. Scott, Trouble|[Poem: Slates of Grey]Sullen faces like slates of grey—What I’d seen on a walk today.Bodies rushing bodies boltingTime for life a disregarding.Money to make and to grow oldWhat about the hands to hold?Deadlines, projects, people to meetWhat about our own two feet.Sullen faces like slates of grey...What I’d see most anyday.
