T.C. Boyle, San Miguel|Pop culture. Nobody does bullshit better than us. Right? China took over manufacturing. And the Middle East has us on fossil fuels. That's just geography and politics. We're a nation of whacko immigrants. Scavengers and con men. We crossed the ocean on faith, stole some land and stone-cold made up a whole country out of nothing but balls and bullshit. Superhero comics got invented by crazy genius Jews who showed up and revamped the refugee experience into a Man of Steel sent from Krypton with a secret identity.
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|…proved that woman isn't a half but a whole human being, and can stand alone.
Daniel Tammet|Cynicism and naivety lie cheek by jowl in the American imagination; if the United States is one of the most venal nations on Earth, it is also one of the most earnestly idealistic.
The Notorious B.I.G.|Until I began to learn to draw, I was never much interested in looking at art.
Sunday Adelaja|What a wise person teaches is the smallest part of what they give. The totality of their life, of the way they go about it in the smallest details, is what gets transmitted.
Timothy Ferriss|Every decision you make in life has benefits and consequences. Sometimes you just have to go on faith, and even that comes at a price. It means you have to give up the idea that you’re the one in charge of the universe.
Enzo Ferrari|Growth is the great separator between those who succeed and those who do not. When I see a person beginning to separate themselves from the pack, it's almost always due to personal growth.
Ana Chapman, Leap of Faith|Fear uncovers the impossible, while faith uncovers the possible.
Mattie Stepanek|As most of the population suffers through life, barely surviving, disappointed and confused day after day, hopeless, wondering what happened to their strong and beautiful country, it is in the media's power to restore, if not some of our quality of life, at least a bit of our peace of mind.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|It is not that I was credulous, simply that I belived in all things dark and dangerous. It was part of my young creed that the night was full of ghosts and witches, hungry and flapping and dressed completely in black.
John Updike, Rabbit at Rest|TV families and your own are hard to tell apart, except your isn't interrupted every six minutes by commercials and theirs don't get bogged down into nothingness, a state where nothing happens, no skit, no zany visitors, no outburst on the laugh track, nothing at all but boredom and a lost feeling, especially when you get up in the morning and the moon is still shining and men are making noisy bets on the first tee.
Jillian Keenan, Sex with Shakespeare: Here's Much to Do with Pain, but More with Love|Love is a country, with closed borders and a language no foreigner can speak. The only people who can understand its customs, traditions, and history are its citizens. A relationship doesn’t have to make sense to all people. It only has to make sense to two people.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|People buy for their reasons, not yours.
Jeffrey Fry|Fear is caused by the uncertainty of the future. Sorrow is caused by the remembrance of the past. Try to keep your thoughts in the present, for the future we will never know and the past we may never understand.
Robin Reardon, Thinking Straight|As a young man with most of my life ahead of me, I decided early to give my life to something eternal and absolute. Not to these little gods that are here today and gone tomorrow. But to God who is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Brittany L. Engels, Rompita Kero, Healing for the Broken Heart|When I woke up and the dark wasn't gone yet, and the dark seemed so big, then she sang soft and made the dark small again."That is the best of all things we can do for one another: Make the dark small.
Sarah Morgan, Sleepless in Manhattan|I’m counting my drawer when Regn comes into the office. I hear her before she enters. I listen for her. The sound of the keypad, the sound of three doors. I saw her pull up on my way in. The anticipation is what I love. The details. The security of knowing she’s arrived and will be here for the day. Even if we don’t have the leisure of time, we have time. It is the unspoken acknowledgments to self. The constant checking and watching for expressions, inflections in the voice, mannerisms. It is a gradual advance. The more we are restrained, the stronger it grows. It is innocence and age that allows the affection to mature, naturally, as it should. Something inside stirs, the heart itself is attracted, much before the body responds. Knowing Regn looks forward to seeing me as much as I do her makes me happy.
Julia L. Roberts|There is much that is immortal in this medieval lady. The dragons have gone, and so have the knights, but still she lingers in our midst. She reigned in many an early Victorian castle, and was Queen of much early Victorian song. It is sweet to protect her in the intervals of business, sweet to pay her honour when she has cooked our dinner well. But alas! the creature grows degenerate. In her heart also there are springing up strange desires. She too is enamoured of heavy winds, and vast panoramas, and green expanses of the sea. She has marked the kingdom of this world, how full it is of wealth, and beauty, and war--a radiant crust, built around the central fires, spinning towards the receding heavens. Men, declaring that she inspires them to it, move joyfully over the surface, having the most delightful meetings with other men, happy, not because they are masculine, but because they are alive. Before the show breaks up she would like to drop the august title of the Eternal Woman, and go there as her transitory self.
Anonymous|There are easier ways of making sense,the connoisseurship of gesture, for example.You hold a girl's face in your hands like a vase.You lift a gun from the glove compartmentand toss it out the window into the desert heat.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Lonely Places, then are the places that are not on international wavelengths, do not know how to carry themselves, are lost when it comes to visitors. They are shy, defensive, curious places; places that do not know how they are supposed to behave.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|In its encounter with Nature, science invariably elicits a sense of reverence and awe. The very act of understanding is a celebration of joining, merging, even if on a very modest scale, with the magnificence of the Cosmos. And the cumulative worldwide build-up of knowledge over time converts science into something only a little short of a trans-national, trans-generational meta-mind.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the help of God, we shall triumph in any trouble.
Patricia Heaton|When you socially neglect a people, when you economically abandon a people, when you transfer wealth from them to the well-to-do, what are a people going to do? They're going to respond with very sad forms of despair, and that's true for everybody - I don't care what color you are.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|And one cold Tuesday in December, when Marie-Laure has been blind for over a year, her father walks her up rue Cuvier to the edge of the Jardin des Plantes."Here, ma chérie, is the path we take every morning. Through the cedars up ahead is the Grand Gallery.""I know, Papa."He picks her up and spins her around three times. "Now," he says, "you're going to take us home."Her mouth drops open."I want you to think of the model, Marie.""But I can't possibly!""I'm one step behind you. I won't let anything happen. You have your cane. You know where you are.""I do not!""You do."Exasperation. She cannot even say if the gardens are ahead or behind."Calm yourself, Marie. One centimeter at a time.""I'm far, Papa. Six blocks, at least.""Six blocks is exactly right. Use logic. Which way should we go first?"The world pivots and rumbles. Crows shout, brakes hiss, someone to her left bangs something metal with what might be a hammer. She shuffles forward until the tip of her cane floats in space. The edge of a curb? A pond, a staircase, a cliff? She turns ninety degrees. Three steps forward. Now her cane finds the base of a wall. "Papa?""I'm here."Six paces seven paces eight. A roar of noise - an exterminator just leaving a house, pump bellowing - overtakes them. Twelve paces farther on, the bell tied around the handle of a shop door rings, and two women came out, jostling her as they pass.Marie-Laure drops her cane; she begins to cry. Her father lifts her, holds her to his narrow chest."It's so big," she whispers."You can do this, Marie."She cannot.
Stephanie Lahart|As our body journeys through life, and life journeys on our body….life will leave marks on us too. From the creases of our wrinkles to the birthmarks on our bodies to the tattoos we decide to place.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Life has its share of joys and laughter—but we also know life’s road is often very rough. Temptations assail us; people disappoint us; illness and age weaken us; tragedies and sorrows ambush us; evil and injustice overpower us. Life is hard—but God is good, and heaven is real!
Wayne Cordeiro|[Your] dream will challenge, prod and haunt you until you surrender to its call.
Tam Lin Neville|Taking a sip of the hot chocolate he'd made her, she met his gaze, those eerie eyes of endless black impenetrable, unreadable. "Max?" "Yes?""Will you remember me?"His heart broke into a thousand pieces. "Always.
Shannon L. Alder|To best influence someone's behavior, be a personal example. - Be the one who points out the bright side and serves compliments rather than complaints.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|If it were not for collectors England would be full, so to speak, of rare birds and wonderful butterflies, strange flowers and a thousand interesting things. But happily the collector prevents all that, either killing with his own hands or, by buying extravagantly, procuring people of the lower classes to kill such eccentricities as appear. ...Eccentricity, in fact, is immorality--think over it again if you do not think so now--just as eccentricity in one's way of thinking is madness (I defy you to find another definition that will fit all the cases of either); and if a species is rare it follows that it is not Fitted to Survive. The collector is after all merely like the foot soldier in the days of heavy armour-he leaves the combatants alone and cuts the throats of those who are overthrown. So one may go through England from end to end in the summer time and see only eight or ten commonplace wild flowers, and the commoner butterflies, and a dozen or so common birds, and never be offended by any breach of the monotony.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are people who are trying to make the world darker and there are people who are trying to make the world brighter! And how can you know who is who? Very simple: Those who let you express your ideas freely, those who let you to be different than others and those who give you every freedom to criticize anything are the ones who are trying to make the world brighter!
Gary  Webb, Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras, and the Cocaine Explosion|I was winning awards, getting raises, lecturing college classes, appearing on TV shows, and judging journalism contests. And then I wrote some stories that made me realize how sadly misplaced my bliss had been. The reason I'd enjoyed such smooth sailing for so long hadn't been, as I'd assumed, because I was careful and diligent and good at my job... The truth was that, in all those years, I hadn't written anything important enough to suppress.
Max Lucado, You Are Special|Who are they to give stars or dots? They're Wemmicks just like you."Eli to Punchinello (p. 25)
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|It was June, and the world smelled of roses. The sunshine was like powdered gold over the grassy hillside.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Thinking back on it, this evening, with my heart and my stomach all like jelly, I have finally concluded, maybe that’s what life is about: there’s a lot of despair, but also the odd moment of beauty, where time is no longer the same. It’s as if those strains of music created a sort of interlude in time, something suspended, an elsewhere that had come to us, an always within never. Yes, that’s it, an always within never. Don’t worry Renée, I won’t commit suicide and I won’t burn a thing. Because from now on, for you, I’ll be searching for those moments of always within never. Beauty, in this world.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|The world begins anew with every birth, my father used to say. He forgot to say, with every death it ends. Or did not think he needed to. Because for a goodly part of his life he worked in a graveyard.
Tavi Gevinson|My goofiest-sounding secret is that I also believe in magic. Sometimes I call it God and sometimes I call it light, and I believe in it because every now and then I read a really good book or hear a really good song or have a really good conversation with a friend and they seem to have some kind of shine to them. The list I keep of these moments in the back of my journal is comprised less of times when I was laughing or smiling and more of times when I felt like I could feel the colors in my eyes deepening from the display before me. Times in which I felt I was witnessing an all-encompassing representation of life driven by an understanding that, coincidence or not, our existence is a peculiar thing, and perhaps the greatest way to honor it is to just be human. To be happy AND sad, and everything else. And yeah, living is a pain, and I say I hate everyone and everything, and I don’t exude much enthusiasm when sandwiched between fluorescent lighting and vinyl flooring for seven hours straight, and I will probably mumble a bunch about how much I wish I could sleep forever the next time I have to wake up at 6 AM. But make no mistake about it: I really do like living. I really, truly do.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|What interests me in all these papers is not Susan Burling Ward, the novelist and illustrator, and not Oliver Ward the engineer, and not the West they spend their lives in. What really interests me is how two such unlike particles clung together, and under what strains, rolling downhill into their future until they reached the angle of repose where I knew them. That's where the interest is. That's where the meaning will be if I find any.
Kirsty Eagar, Night Beach|You cant rely on anybody being around for you, because things change.
Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly|Everyone wanted me to be the bad boy, the label wanted it, the publicists wanted it, but I was just trying to be myself.
Tonya Sheridan|All powerful and lasting change, whether in your personal life or your business, comes from the heart, not the mind.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|Greg had told me on the ride over that there was another organisation called SLAA, which stood for Sex and Love Addicts Anonymous. He didn’t know the difference between the two, but this was more conveniently located, and anyway love wasn’t his addiction.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|I choose solitude over cold kisses. If it isn't love, it is poison.
George Washington Carver|I used to spend a lot of time alone as a kid, creating characters and doing voices in my room, and I thought to myself, I'm either going to go absolutely nuts, or I'm going to find something to put that energy into.
Michel Foucault|A much more interesting, kind, adventurous, and joyful approach to life is to begin to develop curiosity, not caring whether the object of our inquisitiviness is bitter or sweet.
Stanley Kunitz|Darling, do you rememberthe man you married? Touch me, remind me who I am.
James M. Cain|That's all it takes, one drop of fear to curdle love into hate.
Tyra Banks|A lot of young girls think that the opposite of fake is rudeness. And just as ugly as fake is, so is saying whatever is on your mind because it's the truth.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|Simon Glass was easy to hate. I never knew exactly why, there was just too much to pick from. I guess, really, we each hated him for a different reason, but we didn't realize it until the day we killed him.
Heyward Bruce Ewart III, Am I Bad? Recovering from Abuse|Of all the horrid ramifications of child abuse, the self-beliefs formed by the child reap the greatest destruction. Abuse is the most penetrating and permanent communication possible, and it always conveys to the child one or more of several messages: ‘I caused it to happen. It’s my fault because I am bad. I don’t deserve any better.
R. Alan Woods|Our shoes carry our body, so we polish them; our body carries our soul, so we clean the body, but, what about our soul”?
Venita Ellick|If a woman were elected president, would our nation expect her husband to be the official White House host?
Violet Haberdasher, The Secret Prince|Just for the record, I have come to fear all of your ideas in advance, simply from having endured enough of them.
Ingmar Bergman|I make all my decisions on intuition. But then, I must know why I made that decision. I throw a spear into the darkness. That is intuition. Then I must send an army into the darkness to find the spear. That is intellect.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If an opportunity comes dressed in trouble’s apparel, do not scorn it.
Dean Koontz, False Memory|What was Dr. Mera's motive for murder? I don't need to tell that to a writer of detective novels such as yourself. You know well enough yourself that even without a motive, a murderer lives to kill.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|The more shared past there is in a relationship, the more present you need to be...
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|Peace is the opposite of dreaming. It’s built slowly and surely through brutal compromises and tiny victories that you don’t even see. It’s a messy business, bringing peace into the world.
Farid F. Ibrahim|You know, you're very strong" Nicola said."Thank you.""That's no compliment. It's your weakness. If you weren't so strong you wouldn't have to take it and so you wouldn't.
Katherine Paterson, Lyddie|My heart is heavy, she thought. It’s not just a saying. It is what is—heavy, a great stone lodged in my breast, pressing down my whole being. How can I even stand straight and look out upon the world? I am doubled over into myself and, for all the weight, find only emptiness.
George Sheehan|I am a lonely figure when I run the roads. People wonder how far I have come, how far I have to go. They see me alone and friendless on a journey that has no visible beginning or end. I appear isolated and vulnerable, a homeless creature. It is all they can do to keep from stopping the car and asking if they can take me wherever I'm going.I know this because I feel it myself. When I see the runner I have much the same thoughts. No matter how often I run the roads myself, I am struck by how solitary my fellow runner appears. The sight of a runner at dusk or in inclement weather makes me glad to be safe and warm in my car and headed for home. And at those times, I wonder how I can go out there myself, how I can leave the comfort and warmth and that feeling of intimacy and belonging, to do this distracted thing.But when finally I am there, I realise it is not comfort and warmth I am leaving, not intimacy and belonging I am giving up, but the loneliness that pursues me this day and every day. I know that the real loneliness, the real isolation, the real vulnerability, begins long before I put on my running shoes.
Dennis Liggio, Burning Monday|Oh, y'know, magic stuff is full of weird vibrations!" said Dane. "Makes your palm sweat, gives you that pins and needles sensation when you hold it! Maybe something running up your arm." He paused. "Something that isn't a spider or a bug. Something running up your arm that's an invisible sensation. But not an invisible spider. Like an invisible feeling that's pins and needly. Maybe more needles than pins.""Are you sure that's not a heart attack?" said Jaya.
Juliana Barbassa, Dancing with the Devil in the City of God: Rio de Janeiro on the Brink|Killings by cops on the job continued to rise. . . . they became an institutionalized way for police to settle scores."We stopped being peacekeeping police and turned into troops at war," Mário Sérgio said.
Eric Chaline|I love cats, they're great; intelligent, affectionate, lovable, and this one was particularly nice, so picking it up and giving it a few slaps and a bit of a rough time was galling, even though it was unfortunately necessary. See, if you're hiding in someone's spare bedroom waiting for them to turn in for the night, the last thing you need is a cat meowing at the door trying to get in to see you because you've been stroking it all day. A bit of a shake and a growl in the cat's face and that's all that's usually needed for it to give the spare room and the horrible bastard inside a wide berth for the rest of the night.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you press grapes, wine will pour out; if you crush roses, perfume will pour out; if you afflict the talented, genius will pour out.
Suzanne  Johnson, Elysian Fields|Keeping up with him would require running, and there is no dignity in running after any man for any reason, injured or not.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Pretty average headlines for a worldwide catastrophe,” Jane remarked as she read from Hollywood's Highest. “Some man in Africa claimed to have found the cure for AIDS, yet another politician said something about the president and now formally regrets it, and a pop star OD'd while an actress lost fifteen pounds overnight, and here's how you can, too!” She continued reading. “Oh, wow. The 'Celebrititties' section says she was in a car accident and her arms had to be amputated. Damn.
Norah Vincent, Voluntary Madness: My Year Lost and Found in the Loony Bin|I'd been at the mercy of a prick on a power trip, the kind of buttoned-up bantam rooster who gets off on control and then, when you resist him, tells you that you've got issues with control.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|And once more given to inaction,Empty in spirit and alone,He settled down – to the distractionOf making other minds his own;Collecting books, he stacked a shelfful,Read, read, not even one was helpful:Here, there was dullness, there pretence;This one lacked conscience, that one sense;All were by different shackles fettered;And, past times having lost their hold,The new still raved about the old.Like women, books he now deserted,And mourning taffeta he drewAcross the bookshelf’s dusty crew.
EverSkeptic|If you can BE your way through it, you can find your way to it.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|Leave!’ Hazel Motes cried. ‘Go ahead and leave! The truth don’t matter to you. Listen,’ he said, pointing his finger at the rest of them, ‘the truth don’t matter to you. If Jesus had redeemed you, what difference would it make to you? You wouldn’t do nothing about it. Your faces wouldn’t move, neither this way nor that, and if it was three crosses there and Him hung on the middle one, that wouldn’t mean no more to you and me than the other two. Listen here. What you need is something to take the place of Jesus, something that would speak plain. The Church Without Christ don’t have a Jesus but it needs one! It needs a new jesus! It needs one that’s all man, without blood to waste, and it needs one that don’t look like any other man so you’ll look at him. Give me such a jesus, you people. Give me such a new jesus and you’ll see how far the Church Without Christ can go!
Oliver Sacks, Uncle Tungsten|...read 1984 when it came out in 1949, and found its account of the ‘memory hole’ peculiarly evocative and frightening, for it accorded with my own doubts about my memory. I think that reading this led to an increase in my own journal keeping, and photographing, and an increased need to look at testimonies of the past
Germany Kent|Today, spend a little time cultivating relationships offline. Never forget that everybody isn't on social media.
Pádraic Ó Conaire, An Chéad Chloch|The stars have not dealt me the worst they could do:My pleasures are plenty, my troubles are two.But oh, my two troubles they reave me of rest,The brains in my head and the heart in my breast.Oh, grant me the ease that is granted so free,The birthright of multitudes, give it to me,That relish their victuals and rest on their bedWith flint in the bosom and guts in the head.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To forsake wisdom is to seek folly,to seek folly is to seek evil,to seek evil is to be in the arms of the devil,and to be in the arms of the devil is be in the arms of death.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|In imagination she sailed over storied seas that wash the distant shining shores of "faëry lands forlorn," where lost Atlantis and Elysium lie, with the evening star for pilot, to the land of Heart's Desire. And she was richer in those dreams than in realities; for things seen pass away, but the things that are unseen are eternal.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most parents are not really ‘supportive’ because they want their kid(s) to succeed; they ‘support’ their kid(s) as an attempt to avoid appearing to have bred a failure, or, failures … in the eyes of their peers and/or neighbours.
Dean Koontz, Midnight|Even as a child, she had preferred night to day, had enjoyed sitting out in the yard after sunset, under the star-speckled sky listening to frogs and crickets. Darkness soothed. It softened the sharp edges of the world, toned down the too-harsh colors. With the coming of twilight, the sky seemed to recede; the universe expanded. The night was bigger than the day, and in its realm, life seemed to have more possibilities.
Sia|I didn't grow up with a lot of money, so my mom didn't have random money to buy me a car, and I didn't have money to have a car unless I worked, so I didn't get a car until I got my first job at 18.
Sigmund Freud|Observation more than books and experience more than persons, are the prime educators.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|In my head I know I've been in love before, but it doesn't feel like it. Being in love with you is better than the first time. It feels like the first time and the last time and the only time all at once.
Daniel Tammet, Thinking In Numbers: On Life, Love, Meaning, and Math|[Tolstoy] denounced [many historians'] lamentable tendency to simplify. The experts stumble onto a battlefield, into a parliament or public square, and demand, "Where is he? Where is he?" "Where is who?" "The hero, of course! The leader, the creator, the great man!" And having found him, they promptly ignore all his peers and troops and advisors. They close their eyes and abstract their Napoleon from the mud and the smoke and the masses on either side, and marvel at how such a figure could possibly have prevailed in so many battles and commanded the destiny of an entire continent. "There was an eye to see in this man," wrote Thomas Carlyle about Napoleon in 1840, "a soul to dare and do. He rose naturally to be the King. All men saw that he was such."But Tolstoy saw differently. "Kings are the slaves of history," he declared. "The unconscious swarmlike life of mankind uses every moment of a king's life as an instrument for its purposes." Kings and commanders and presidents did not interest Tolstoy. History, his history, looks elsewhere: it is the study of infinitely incremental, imperceptible change from one state of being (peace) to another (war).The experts claimed that the decisions of exceptional men could explain all of history's great events. For the novelist, this belief was evidence of their failure to grasp the reality of an incremental change brought about by the multitude's infinitely small actions.
Laura   Davis, Allies in Healing: When the Person You Love Is a Survivor of Child Sexual Abuse|Abuse manipulates and twists a child’s natural sense of trust and love. Her innocent feelings are belittled or mocked and she learns to ignore her feelings. She can’t afford to feel the full range of feelings in her body while she’s being abused—pain, outrage, hate, vengeance, confusion, arousal. So she short-circuits them and goes numb. For many children, any expression of feelings, even a single tear, is cause for more severe abuse. Again, the only recourse is to shut down. Feelings go underground.
Debasish Mridha|The door of opportunity is always open, but nobody bothers to push the door open. They just get tired out by knocking and then they leave.
Nanamoli Thera|Don't build yourself an ivory tower" the moralists say. But I am an ivory tower by the mere fact that I am. On the crude physical level the body is a frame of (ivory) bones on which the muscles are stretched, crowned by an (ivory) bone pill-box turret housing the brain — shielding it from the blows of 'reality' so that it can get on with its absurd work undisturbed. On the non-physical level my I-ness is an ivory tower of orderly individual views and vistas shielding 'me' from being swallowed up in chaos. Dear moralists: don't they see that life is a constant flight up and down the endless steps of the dark ivory tower seeking to escape from the horrid chaos of real freedom?
William Bartram|Oh, the summer night, Has a smile of light, And she sits on a sapphire throne.
Shamash Alidina|I vow to ingest only items that preserve well-being, peace, and joy in my body and my consciousness... Practicing a diet is the essence of this precept. Wars and bombs are the products of our consciousness individually and collectively. Our collective consciousness has so much violence, fear, craving, and hatred in it, it can manifest in wars and bombs. The bombs are the product of our fear... Removing the bombs is not enough. Even if we could transport all the bombs to a distant planet, we would still not be safe, because the roots of the wars and the bombs are still intact in our collective consciousness. Transforming the toxins in our collective consciousness is the true way to uproot war (72-73).
Shannon L. Alder|Don't ever believe that Narcissists don't understand they have hurt you. They know exactly what they did and why they did it. The reason they can't stop their abuse is because the narcissistic supply is their addiction. Unlike, drug addicts that need their fix to feel normal, narcissists need to feel significant. This is their addiction. Even if it takes destructive ways to have this emotional balance they will pursue it. Your feelings don't count only the supply does. The greater the supply the greater the drama in your life as they pursue it. So, get over believing they don't understand. They do understand. You just found out and got in the way of their easy access to greater supply than you.
Rick Riordan|When you work with actors, what you're hoping to absorb is good ways to be an actor as opposed to how to handle being famous.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|In fact, when you're mindful, you actually feel irritation more keenly. However, once you unburden yourself from the delusion that people are deliberately trying to screw you, it's easier to stop getting carried away.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|There’s too much risk in loving,’the young boy said,‘no,’said the old man,‘there’s too much risk in not.
Terri Farley, Firefly|And there was no way to unsay words you'd blurted out, no matter how sorry you were.
Martin Amis, The Rachel Papers|Marriage is always something of a compromise, as I'm sure you're now aware. Any long-term relationship is - and one does have to see it in the long term, Charles. No, I expect your mother and myself will never divorce. It's uneconomic and, at my age, usually unnecessary.
Alin Sav|If you don´t have enough money, you might have too many excuses.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Life moved, as inconstant and fickle as Wind Baby, frolicking, sleeping, weeping, but never truly still. Never solid or finished. Always like water flowing from one place to the next. Seed and fruit. Rain and drought, everything traveled in a gigantic circle, an eternal process of becoming something new. But we rarely saw it. Humans tended to see only frozen moments, not the flow of things.
Kira Cochrane, All the Rebel Women: The Rise of the Fourth Wave of Feminism|It’s no surprise that a generation of women who were brought up being told that they were equal to men, that sexism, and therefore feminism, was dead, are starting to see through this. And while they’re pissed off, they’re also positive, bubbling with hope. One obvious outcome of being brought up to believe you’re equal is that you’re both very angry when you encounter misogyny, but also confident in your ability to tackle it.
Amy Hill Hearth, Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years|The Internet is an excellent invention for people with nothing better to do, and people with something better to do who nonetheless don't want to do it.
Tim Howard|Drama is played at the pace of chess... or billiards... or poker. Engrossing? Sure. But comedy is played at the jubilant, high-octane speed of sports like basketball or hockey.
Paul Edward Gottfried, After Liberalism: Mass Democracy in the Managerial State|The substance of what I have to say to the disadvantage of the theory and practice of universal suffrage is that it tends to invert what I should have regarded as the true and natural relation between wisdom and folly. I think that wise and good men ought to rule those who are foolish and bad. To say that the sole function of the wise and good is to preach to their neighbors, and that everyone indiscriminately should be left to do what he likes, should be provided with a ratable share of the sovereign power in the shape of the vote, and that the result of this will be the direction of power by wisdom, seems to me the wildest romance that ever got possession of any considerable number of minds.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|Sisterhood was about shared experiences, trust, knowing you had people who would be there for you and would listen to you no matter what, and who could always tell if there was something wrong. They were the ones who, with a single look, knew if you were about to burst into giggles or into tears and why, and who knew when you needed to get out of the house for a midnight trip to In-N-Out Burger to gorge on a milkshake and animal-style fries. They were the ones you could be raging angry with one moment, and completely forgive ten minutes later. She would always be there for her sisters, and they would always be there for her, because they loved each other no matter what.
William Barclay|You're just left with yourself all the time, whatever you do anyway. You've got to get down to your own God in your own temple. It's all down to you, mate.
Anese Cavanaugh|If the first step in establishing a professional identity is claiming our interests and talents, then the next step is claiming a story about our interests and talents, a narrative we can take with us to interviews and coffee dates (...) a story that balances complexity and cohesion is frankly, diagnostic.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If we were to behave half as well as we believe others ought to behave, we might prove ourselves as grand in character as excuses and justifications prevent us from being.
Dorothy Gilman, Incident at Badamya|I wasn't offering her pity," Mrs. Caswell said impatiently. "Tragedies don't interest me, tragedies and heartbreaks are all alike, what matters is how a person meets them, how they survive them. Given the inevitability of losses and disappointments in life, that's where the challenge is and the uniqueness. I was offering her sympathy.
Rick Scott|Boy, you know, it's amazing how your brain can turn into a sieve, and you can literally forget episodes that you have shot.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|The same view you look at every day, the same life, can become something brand new by focusing on its gifts rather than the negative aspects. Perspective is your own choice and the best way to shift that perspective is through gratitude, by acknowledging and appreciating the positives.
Hakeem Olajuwon|Written and directed by French showman Georges Melies, 'Le Voyage' features one of the most indelible images in cinema history: the wounded Man in the Moon bleeding like a particularly runny Brie, grimacing in pain with a space capsule protruding from his right eye.
Micheline Jean Louis|I don't defend pain, But I do respect its ability to make us stronger and wiser after it stings.
Melanie Dickerson, The Noble Servant|I will come back for you as soon as I can." He stared at her, running a hand over his short beard. "I was about to promise you that I will get back, but the truth is, I could get captured by my uncle and his men. Many other things could happen, and I don't want to leave you.
Clara Diane Thompson, Five Glass Slippers|Apple Tree Inn, the nightly gathering place of all Winslow residents, and in many ways the core of the town's happiness, always had a warm fire crackling on the hearth and was known for its good cider and company.
Sarah Winman, When God Was a Rabbit|Nothing stays forgotten for long, Elly. Sometimes we simply have to remind the world that we're still here.
Inshan Meahjohn|If you were blessed to wake up this morning, remember that you have indeed won the grand universal lottery; you have been given yet another chance at life! Your big question is, what will you do with your winnings today? Inshan Meahjohn
John Adrian Robinson|You can build a business, or you can run it, but there’s only two ways it can be run, you can run it straight, or you can run it into the ground.
Elizabeth Hormann, Breastfeeding an Adopted Baby and Relactation|We are bent on weakening bonds in the name of growth and independance,then spend out adulthoods wondering why we have trouble getting close to other people.
Kamala Suraiyya Das, The Descendants|Belief In Self""If you quit while pursuing your dreams, you will never know how close you've come to success. It might have been hidden behind that next door you decided not to open, since the last fifty doors revealed little or nothing.
Sunday Adelaja|God will do everything possible to help you, to prepare you for what he had called you to do.
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|But some nights, I must tell you,I go down there after everyone has fallen asleep.I swim back and forth in the echoing blackness.I sing a love song as well as I can,lost for a while in the home of the rain. 
Barbara Taylor Bradford, Power of a Woman|Have you ever heard of a condom? Don't Carpathians have condoms? Because I'm thinking that if you're all that worried, a condom might be just the thing." His smile was slow in coming. "I had not thought of that. As a rule Carpathians do not need such things.
Jürgen Moltmann, The Trinity and the Kingdom|God does not suffer out of deficiency of being, like created beings. To this extent he is 'apathetic'. But he suffers from the love which is the superabundance and overflowing of his being. In so far he is 'pathetic'.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|Use your intuition. Picture how things happen, why they happen. Don’t stick rigidly to first impressions, and once you’ve read the rule book, throw it away. Better still, burn the bastard.
Craig A. Falconer, Not Alone|He believed that all forms of government were spiritually bankrupt, that the only true way to follow Jesus was to be radically self-reliant – off every grid. The energy grid was wasteful and corrupt, and the food grid devalued and destroyed the planet, and the culture at large was full of pain and deceit, and money itself was truly evil, and even the church (or, as he would say, the corporation that calls itself the church) was the most corrupt – contaminated by money and political greed and widespread land ownership. Worst of all, they called themselves holy.
Rudolf Arnheim, Art and Visual Perception: A Psychology of the Creative Eye|Every great artist gives birth to a new universe, in which the familiar things look the way they have never before looked to anyone.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Idols of the Heart: Learning to Long for God Alone|...when I chose you, I didn't want the commonplace - I didn't want a 'partner' - I wanted a shrine...
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|Men and swords. My father said that if you put any able-bodied man, no matter how peaceful, into a room with a sword and a practice dummy and leave him alone, eventually the man would pick up the sword and try to stab the dummy. It is human nature.
Koren Zailckas, Fury: A Memoir|The victorious ones have saidThat emptiness is the relinquishing of all views.For whomever emptiness is a view,That one has achieved nothing.
Robin Cook, Intervention|Natural,my ass! The worst poison known to man comes from a tree frog in South America. You cannot imagine how small an amount would be necessary to kill you.and it's natural.Calling something NATURAL is a MEANINGLESS MARKETING PLOY.""All right,calm down! Maybe I like alternative medicine because it's been in use for more than six thousand years.After all that time,they have to know what they're doing.""You mean the wacky idea that somehow in the distant past people had more scientific wisdom than they do today?That's both crazy and counterintuitive.Six thousand years ago people thought thunder was a bunch of gods moving around furniture."-Conversation btw Dr.Jack Stapleton and Vinnie
Diplo|I was used to theatre classes. I studied with my mother; she was a theatre teacher and directed, too, so it was very family-like. Then I studied with a great teacher in Paris, and she was wonderful; she pushed me, but she was a warm soul.
Saul Steinberg|The life of the creative man is lead, directed and controlled by boredom. Avoiding boredom is one of our most important purposes.
Adil Adam Memon|Nothing was or is farther from my intentions, than to enlist myself as the champion of a fixed opinion, where I have only expressed doubt.
Osho, Krishna: The Man and his Philosophy|Don’t try to avoid criticism. If you do nothing, you will be nothing. If you do only the parts you really love, you will also be nothing. It takes what it takes. It takes all of it. Own it, accept it, embrace it and do it. Want all of what you want!
Sunday Adelaja|After getting myself relatively educated in the area of national transformation, I have come to discover that it makes better sense to look at what I could do to fix the problems of the society rather than blaming others for what is wrong in the country.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection|Let nothing put me to unease,nothing to deceive.I have conceived,I exist.Because I am blessed,To gather time,in hearing,my breath,so tranquil.To life,I am, thankful.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The oppressed, having internalized the image of the oppressor and adopted his guidelines, are fearful of freedom. Freedom would require them to eject this image and replace it with autonomy and responsibility. Freedom is acquired by conquest, not by gift. It must be pursued constantly and responsibly. Freedom is not an ideal located outside man; nor is it an idea which becomes myth. It is rather the indispensable condition for the quest for human completion.
Harold S. Geneen|When approved, the SAFE Port Act will make progress toward protecting the physical infrastructure of our seaports as well as our national economy which is so clearly dependent on the commercial shipping business.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|If someone gets irritated with your presence, then move out. You have no space there.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Without hesitation, Dove chose the nowhere road. For that was the only place, in his heart of hearts, that he really wanted to go.
Jesse Haubert, A Stranger In Everyone|When the water is very calm and very beautiful, it won’t take a long time that a thick head will throw a stone in it!
Eric Shinseki|During the first six years of my life, Hungary was one of the most important components of the Habsburg dynasty's vast Austro-Hungarian Empire, but after World War I it became an independent national entity.
Kate Evangelista, Til Death|He opened the door for me with an impassive expression. Oh, but he couldn’t fool me. I knew very well that he gloated inside. He had the right to. I’d be gloating aloud if I were him. I slid into the plush black leather seat and ran my hands over every surface I could touch after buckling my seatbelt. Awe, like a slow burning fuse, spread all over my body. My fingertips sizzled. It was one thing to hear Gramps talk and completely another to actually sit inside the fantasy.“Should I give you two some time alone?” “What?” His smile gave me unexpected quivers. “Stop molesting my car.
Mary McLeod Bethune|Corruption is a cancer: a cancer that eats away at a citizen's faith in democracy, diminishes the instinct for innovation and creativity; already-tight national budgets, crowding out important national investments. It wastes the talent of entire generations. It scares away investments and jobs.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Really now: If you can't get me my newspaper on time, how can you expect me to refrain from killing people?
Emma Donoghue|What do you want from me Duncan?” My breath caught in my throat when he licked his lips and swallowed hard. “I don’t know everything and nothing. I feel like you’re this giant flame that I can’t get away from. I fight the pull; I try as hard as I can to move in the other direction but something keeps bringing me back. I left town hoping I’d never come back here, but here I am. I guess I’m sick of fighting it. I’m willing to take the chance of burning up the question is, are you?”Duncan-The Wild Hunt
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|If we were to one day encounter a form of life more powerful and intelligent than our own, and it regarded us as we regard fish, what would be our argument against being eaten?
Kailin Gow|The way you’re talking…” Tears were shining in Kian’s eyes. “It sounds like you don’t think you’re coming back.” Kian to Bree, Spring Frost (Frost Series #7)
Jon Katz| It is difficult to see ourselves as we are. Sometimes we are fortunate enough to have good friends, lovers or others who will do us the good service of telling us the truth about ourselves. When we don't, we can so easily delude ourselves, lose a sense of truth about ourselves, and our conscience loses power and purpose. Mostly, we tell ourselves what we would like to hear. We lose our way.
Rasmenia Massoud, Broken Abroad|I envy you, your youth. Every woman is still a dream, a thing that can’t exist. Even when you touch her, a creature too beautiful to be real or to cause real pain. It’s different for old men. We have more old wounds from these dreams.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Don't write when you're angry and under deadline, with time to test it only on friends who know what you mean, not on strangers who don't.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Man is a microcosm, or a little world, because he is an extract from all the stars and planets of the whole firmament, from the earth and the elements; and so he is their quintessence.
Kellie Thacker, Sacrifice|Think of me that way," he continued. A slight shimmer glinted acrosse his eyes. "In a sense, I'm giving my life for those...I care about. A sacrifice you might say.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Water was liquid silver, water was gold. It was clarity—a sacred thing. Drinking was no longer something to take for granted. I’d never needed to consider water before.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Life is a spiral. As long as we lived, we would keep moving forward. But on a spiral path, getting closer to your destination meant periodically passing the same things—emotions, issues, character flaws—over and over again, the way a person walking up a spiral staircase would continually find himself facing north every ten steps or so.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|In this state, the club was The Wizard of Oz made obvious: All the magic that went on here night after night, all the buzz and excitement, was really just a combination of electronics, booze, and chemicals, an illusion for the people who walked through the front doors, a fantasy that allowed them to be whatever they weren't in their day-to-day lives.
Narendra Modi|When I'm, like, 30, I want to go off the map, have a family and live in Malibu with a farm, and just raise my own chickens.
AbdulAziz Mohammed|God, change the burden of my heart to be like a gentle rain which falls equally on all
Homer, The Odyssey|For my part I have no joy in tears after dinnertime. There will always be a new dawn tomorrow. Yet I can have no objection to tears for any mortal who dies and goes to his destiny. And this is the only consolation we wretched mortals can give, to cut our hair and let the tears roll down our faces.
Tracey Bond|Life is worth living when God throws His Divine dice in your favor. HE has slow-stirred my life with Wisdom and discernment about all manners of people; which is no secret agent in my soul sauce, it brings flavor to the taste buds of God's blessings in my life with extra side orders of favor.
Israelmore Ayivor|A role model is a person whose roles can be modelled. If the roles you conceive and give birth to today cannot be adopted by anyone in your absence, you are no good model.
Christopher McCulloch|I play- it's kind of like a slice-of-life, LA women in their forties, playing forty kind of what's their friendship like, and what's their life like and so I just play one of the four friends.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|There are two kinds of people in this world, son. Those who save lives, and those who take lives.""And what of those who protect and defend? Those who save lives by taking lives?""That's like trying to stop a storm by blowing harder. Ridiculous. You can't protect by killing.
Georges Edouard Lemaître|There are three people one can never reason with: a drunk, a crazy person, and a fool.
Charlie Chaplin|With twelve horse power at our command, we considered that we could permit the weight of the machine with operator to rise to 750 or 800 pounds, and still have as much surplus power as we had originally allowed for in the first estimate of 550 pounds.
J.R. Ward, Black Dagger Brotherhood, #1-9|...introduced Doc to the miracle of morphine. From that very first shot it was as if he'd discovered the one vital ingredient that God had left out when He'd sent Doc kicking and screaming into the cold, cruel world.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|When people misjudge, they inhale and exhale with obstinate, stagnant prejudice." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Sean Novinson|A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|It doesn't take ten years of study, you don't need to go to the University, to find out that this is a damned good world gone wrong. Gone wrong, because it is being monkeyed with by people too greedy and mean and wrong-hearted altogether to do the right thing by our common world. They've grabbed it and they won't let go. They might lose their importance; they might lose their pull. Everywhere it's the same. Beware of the men you make your masters. Beware of the men you trust.We've only got to be clear-headed to sing the same song and play the same game all over the world, we common men. We don't want Power monkeyed with, we don't want Work and Goods monkeyed with, and, above all, we don't want Money monkeyed with. That's the elements of politics everywhere. When these things go wrong, we go wrong. That's how people begin to feel it and see it in America. That's how we feel it here -- when we look into our minds. That's what common people feel everywhere. That'swhat our brother whites -- "poor whites" they call them -- in those towns in South Carolina are fighting for now. Fighting our battle. Why aren't we with them? We speak the same language; we share the same blood. Who has been keeping us apart from them for a hundred and fifty-odd years? Ruling classes. Politicians. Dear old flag and all that stuff!Our school-books never tell us a word about the American common man; and his school-books never tell him a word about us. They flutter flags between us to keep us apart. Split us up for a century and a half because of some fuss about taxing tea. And what are our wonderful Labour and Socialist and Communist leaders doing to change that? What are they doing to unite us English-speaking common men together and give us our plain desire? Are they doing anything more for us than the land barons and thefactory barons and the money barons? Not a bit of it! These labour leaders of to-day mean to be lords to-morrow. They are just a fresh set of dishonest trustees. Look at these twenty-odd platforms here! Mark their needless contradictions! Their marvellous differences on minor issues. 'Manoeuvres!' 'Intrigue.' 'Personalities.' 'Monkeying.' 'Don't trust him, trust me!' All of them at it. Mark how we common men are distracted, how we are set hunting first after one red herring and then after another, for the want of simple, honest interpretation...
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|He shook his head. "Those waves are begging us to ride them. Talking can wait.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Well, the man who first translated the bible into English was burned at the stake, and they've been at it ever since. Must be all that adultery, murder and incest. But not to worry. It's back on the shelves.
Jasz Gill|Kabhi tere shehar se guzarein toh parr lena inney,Maine hawaon pe apne kuch safarname likhe hain..
Russell D. Moore|My pride had risen up and whopped me in the face. I don't lose my temper a lot, but when I do, I make a good job of it.
Andrew Vachss, Another Life|The many meanings of 'evolution' are frequently exploited by Darwinists to distract their critics. Eugenie Scott recommends: 'Define evolution as an issue of the history of the planet: as the way we try to understand change through time. The present is different from the past. Evolution happened, there is no debate within science as to whether it happened, and so on... I have used this approach at the college level.' Of course, no college student—indeed, no grade-school dropout— doubts that 'the present is different from the past.' Once Scott gets them nodding in agreement, she gradually introduces them to 'The Big Idea' that all species—including monkeys and humans—are related through descent from a common ancestor... This tactic is called 'equivocation'—changing the meaning of a term in the middle of an argument.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Some pain shouldn’t be wished away so easily. It had to be dealt with, even embraced. Without the agony of the last few months, Piper never would have found her best friends, Hazel and Annabeth. She never would’ve discovered her own courage. She certainly wouldn’t have had the guts to sing show tunes to the snake people under Athens.
Frank Lloyd Wright|We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Nell Stevens, Bleaker House: Chasing My Novel to the End of the World|If I can teach myself the art of loneliness, then perhaps the art of writing will come more easily to me.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|It takes courage, motivation, discipline, and persistence to get out of comfort zone.
Luther Burbank|Sometimes we should express our gratitude for the small and simple things like the scent of the rain, the taste of your favorite food, or the sound of a loved one's voice.
Michael Douglas|I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Fate demands that we continue suffering, until we willingly seek out and discover the sacred path of righteousness. Until we surrender to the sameness of life, we are unable to experience the absolute ground zero of reality. Only by surrendering our desires, by readjusting our consciousness to a state undefined, unbound, and unmotivated by passion and desire, will we experience life transformed.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|We are trained to be employees, but no one said that we have endure a limited salary that barely keeps pace with inflation.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|A...reason we are so-so scientists is that our brains were shaped for fitness, not for truth. Sometimes truth is adaptive, but sometimes it is not.
Ben Affleck|If you think Hollywood is depressing and corrupt, politics is really depressing and corrupt -- and fueled even more than Hollywood by money -- if that's possible.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|Magick, in essence, is the ability to communicate to the universe what you want in an effective way, so that the universe can then respond and create what you desire.
Candi Kay, Trusting Lance|Fuck me,” I moan, “right here, right now.”He dives in for another kiss as he lowers the zipper over my hard dick. When he reaches inside my underwear I lean into his hand.“So hard and so ready,” he whispers in my mouth.“Always for you, Rick.
Ellie Wade, Finding London|Fate is a fucking lie, and destiny is its bitch-ass cousin.
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|Breath by breath, let go of fear, expectation, anger, regret, cravings, frustration, fatigue. Let go of the need for approval. Let go of old judgments and opinions. Die to all that, and fly free. Soar in the freedom of desirelessness.Let go. Let Be. See through everything and be free, complete, luminous, at home -- at ease.
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|So, you may ask, what is the use of studying the world of imagination where anything is possible and anything can be assumed, where there are no rights or wrongs and all arguments are equally good? One of the most obvious uses, I think, is its encouragement of tolerance. In the imagination our own beliefs are also only possibilities, but we can also see the possibilities in the beliefs of others. Bigots and fanatics seldom have any use for the arts, because they're so preoccupied with their beliefs and actions that they can't see them as also possibilities. It's possible to go to the other extreme, to be a dilettante so bemused by possibilities that one has no convictions or power to act at all. But such people are much less common than bigots, and in our world much less dangerous.
Diane Meier, The Season of Second Chances|Love makes reality invisible and no one around you can understand why you do the things you do, for something that can cause you so much pain. Because you know after all the fighting, tears, and uncertainty, it's all worth it.
Ariel Sharon|People have to render judgment. In my case, I've said upfront openly, I've made mistakes at times. I've had to go to God for forgiveness. I've had to seek reconciliation. But I'm also a 68-year-old grandfather, and I think people have to measure who I am now and whether I'm a person they can trust.
Kailin Gow, Forever Frost|As I gave my hand to one and then another of the Winter Knights, hoping to forget Kian's kiss in the arms of the other dancers, I could feel Kian's eyes piercing through me, their flame-tinged ice searing through my soul.
A.J. Jacobs, The Know-It-All: One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World|I can’t help but notice that you keep writing love poetry to my wife. Well, you see, I married her, which makes her my wife. You know what you might want to try? Writing some poems about the sunset. The sunset isn’t fucking married.
Deyth Banger|As a human I'm complex, as a human I don't have limits, but the book have it's own limits. All the time something good happens?? But why people don't continue to live in horror??It satisfies me, to see how people suck blood it's a symptom that you are watching a vampire... But it's to far isn't it??Sometimes to dream, how you dream and how you wake up in the dream and you wake up from that dream... wow that's awesome!?
Roy Jenkins|We in the Middle East like to talk politics, we like to argue. Just look at the three prophets - Moses, Jesus and Mohammad. They are all from this small region which creates problems all the time.
Louis Armstrong|If you have to ask what jazz is you will never know." Louis Armstrong
Mansi Laus Deo|You deserve someone so much better.""You will find someone better so soon that you wont even know.""I told you, he/she wasn't good enough for you.""Oh c'mon! He/she wasn't the ONE for you.""Things will soon be fine. It's just a phase.""He/she will never find anyone better than you. Let him/her rot in hell."Gradually, you realize that all these are STANDARD statements that everybody makes to everyone. Because they don't have anything else to say.But, only your heart knows what you actually want to hear is something else. Entirely different.How you actually want and need to be handled is different. But, you don't say. Because you are scared to lose what's now left with you, and that's completely fine. To be protective of what's left. Because you can't bring back the dead!However, you also realize, that out of all these people there was only one who had the courage to show you a mirror and not be shattered by your wrath.You realize that there was only one set of arms, that were your sanctuary even though you twisted them in an outburst of anger.Not suddenly, but really slowly it settles within you, that it was only one person who knew you inside out and had the bravery to handle you at your worst.Even more slowly it settles you let that person drift away when you wanted them to run back to you and hold onto you.And so you are left with people telling you, "life moves on" and no one telling you, "Let's just pause it here!
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|I would not wish to marry someone who had already been married. It would be,' she opined, 'like having someone else break in one's own pony.
Joe Rogan|Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.
T.S. Eliot, Selected Essays|Someone said, 'The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did.' Precisely, and they are that which we know.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The only way to stop a nightmare is to open your eyes, if perchance you realize you were dreaming
Sebastian Junger|The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
Maria Montessori|If the government regulates against use of drones or stem cells or artificial intelligence, all that means is that the work and the research leave the borders of that country and go someplace else.
Elizabeth Hurley|I'm not interested in being famous. I'm interested in doing my job and doing it well, and that's wrestling, and that's what I love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Makes sense, the earth is quick to consume the flesh of things that ain't natural.
David G. McAfee|Some Christians say god is the source of morality, these people have clearly never read the bible.
Sōseki Natsume, Sanshirō|When I was a student, there wasn't a single thing we did that was unrelated to others. It was all for the Emperor, or parents, or the country, or society—everything was other-centered, which means that all educated men were hypocrites. When society changed, this hypocrisy ceased to work, and as a result, self-centeredness was gradually imported into thought and action, and egoism became enormously over-developed. Instead of the old hypocrites, now all we've got are out-and-out rogues. Do you see what I mean by that?
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|If that was the last event of the night, it would have made a terrible ending. It was just the beginning, though.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|Every creature on earth returns to home. It is ironic that we have made wildlife refuges for ibis, pelican, egret, wolf, crane, deer, mouse, moose, and bear, but not for ourselves in the places we live day after day. We understand that the loss of habitat is the most disastrous event that can occur to a free creauture. We fervently point out how other creatures' natural territories have become surrounded by cities, ranches, highways, noise, and other dissonance, as though we are not affected also. We know that for creatures to live on, they must at least from time to time have a home place, a place where they feel both protected and free
Sarah Gorham, Bad Daughter|i see poets riding the red winds unchecked by the borders of time, wandering with light feet over the land mines and trip wires, barbed and barbarian, unfettered through the barriers that curtail the flows of life, poets pelting the halting barriers which strangle everyone everywhere.
Siri Hustvedt|Nikola Tesla, one of Colorado's famous residents, always believed that the gasoline engine made no sense.
Fred Durst|I've been in fights, but that doesn't make me cool or like a tough guy or more interesting actor, I'm not proud of it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders find something to die for, not something to live on. If you haven't found something to die for yet, you can't lead.
Gerry Spence, How to Argue & Win Every Time: At Home, At Work, In Court, Everywhere, Everyday|The kosmos works by harmony of tensions, like lyre and bow. Good and evil are one. On the one hand God sees all as well, fair, and good; on the other hand a human being sees injustice here, justice there. Justice in our minds is strife. We cannot help but see war makes us as we are.
A. Bartlett Giamatti|To the uneducated, an A is just three sticks.
Midwest Book Review August 2013|An elegantly crafted novel, "The Reluctant First Lady" clearly documents author Venita Ellick as an exceptionally accomplished writer able to skillfully weave memorable characters into a riveting story line from beginning to end. As engaging as it is entertaining, "The Reluctant First Lady" is highly recommended for both personal reading lists and community library contemporary fiction collections.
Nancy Moser, Mozart's Sister|There is much more to playing the clavier than playing written music. Do you realize with accompanying there is often nothing written out but the bass line--the left hand? There might be a few notations as to a suggested harmony, but it is up to me to fill in the music, at the proper volume, style, and harmony for the soloist--often instantly. I've heard it said that Bach questioned wether the soloist or the accompanist deserves the greatest glory.
Kevin J.  Donaldson, 10 Secrets of the New Rich: How To Join The World's New Breed Of Millionaires|The greatest thing that gives me peace about time is knowing that I get to make choices about what I do with it. I also find it amazing that when there is something I really want to do, I find the time for it.
Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd|A father knows his child's heart, as only a child can know his fathers.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|But the summer had been a very happy one, too -- a time of glad living with summer suns and skies, a time of keen delight in wholesome things; a time of renewing and deepening of old friendships; a time in which she had learned to live more nobly, to work more patiently, to play more heartily.
T.S. Eliot|Not the intense momentIsolated, with no before and after,But a lifetime burning in every moment.
George Hodgman|People mean well; they just aren't here enough to get what we are dealing with or what home means to my mother. Everyone thinks they know what should be done, and their suggestions make me suspect they must consider me an idiot who doesn't comprehend the situation.
George Foreman|I've been into exercise my whole life, been a runner and been into health and fitness always.
Douglas Adams|First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everything shall pass way, only books will remain.
John Tyndall|There are a few things I've learned over the years. One is that time doesn't stop for anyone; hurdling forward and onward, unstoppable and catastrophic.
Kele Moon, Beyond Eden|If you’d rather skip lunch, that’s fine with me. I’ve got some things to take care of anyway before I can leave the store to Robin for the weekend.”“I don’t want to skip lunch,” he bit out. “I’m starving.”Her temper got the better of her. “Fine, but if you plan on snapping at me the whole time then I’d just as soon you eat alone.”His gaze darkened. “I’m not snapping.”She poked him in the chest. “Yes, you are.”Leo started to speak, then paused and let out a huge breath. “Sorry. Damn, I’m just having one of those days.”Amanda smiled and patted his cheek. “You can tell me all about it over a bowl of fettuccine.
Peter Isekiigbe DE Rock|THE INTELLECTThe world as we view it is much like a dance,you can take what is coming and live it by chance…Or seek answers to questions and live it by choice,just follow your heart and answer its voice.Chance brings that karmic phenomenon,manifested reactions from what you have done.Look for a place that’s hidden within,search for the message, that’s where to begin.Talk to yourself, have conversation inside,it’s a matter of choice, create from the mind.Picture yourself in a world all your own,then bring it to life from the seed to the sown.Search & discover the source of white light,don’t settle for anything, reach for the heights.Your goals are the answer to what you achieve,and it’s almost like magic when you start to believe.Truth & intuition …bring gifts to rejoice,go it by chance or live it by choice!Victor Kahn
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|The children's hobbies aren't only the children's hobbies - the parents put just as many hours into them, year after year, sacrificing so much, paying out such huge amounts of money, that their significance eats its way even into adult brains. They started to symbolize other things compensating for or reinforcing the parents' own failures.
Joseph Stalin|The way of the superior person is threefold; virtuous, they are free from anxieties; wise they are free from perplexities; and bold they are free from fear.
T. Frohock|When my mother died, I thought I’d drown in sorrow. But my grandmother said something very wise, and I’ve always held it close to my heart. She said that not even the sea is infinite, and neither is grief.
Nicky Drayden, The Prey of Gods|It was all very isolating to think about, what people use to define themselves and their actions. And at the end of the day, did it make people feel better? Maybe it did. Maybe it gave them something to grasp at in the ambiguous vein of life on Earth.
Neel Burton|You see, people in the depressive position are often stigmatised as ‘failures' or ‘losers'. Of course, nothing could be further from the truth. If these people are in the depressive position, it is most probably because they have tried too hard or taken on too much, so hard and so much that they have made themselves ‘ill with depression'. In other words, if these people are in the depressive position, it is because their world was simply not good enough for them. They wanted more, they wanted better, and they wanted different, not just for themselves, but for all those around them. So if they are failures or losers, this is only because they set the bar far too high. They could have swept everything under the carpet and pretended, as many people do, that all is for the best in the best of possible worlds. But unlike many people, they had the honesty and the strength to admit that something was amiss, that something was not quite right. So rather than being failures or losers, they are just the opposite: they are ambitious, they are truthful, and they are courageous. And that is precisely why they got ‘ill'. To make them believe that they are suffering from some chemical imbalance in the brain and that their recovery depends solely or even mostly on popping pills is to do them a great disfavour: it is to deny them the precious opportunity not only to identify and address important life problems, but also to develop a deeper and more refined appreciation of themselves and of the world around them—and therefore to deny them the opportunity to fulfil their highest potential as human beings.
Samuel Shem|In 1736 I lost one of my sons, a fine boy of four years old, by the small-pox, taken in the common way. I long regretted bitterly, and still regret that I had not given it to him by inoculation. This I mention for the sake of parents who omit that operation, on the supposition that they should never forgive themselves if a child died under it; my example showing that the regret may be the same either way, and that, therefore, the safer should be chosen.
Deyth Banger|People are hard to be understand, full of lies, full of corupt, if you want a friendship with them is like to have a friendship with nothing. But nothing isn't a possibility of the ability, people you can go 40....50 years studying them and what you will find is that you are old and they are new and more and more stupid. I find somebody who can I trust, it's my computer who else???It's too clever, I need to hang out with clever people not with idiots!
Rodman Philbrick, The Last Book in the Universe|People who make snide comments to authors like "anyone can write a book" or "well, you did it, so obviously I can/it can't be that hard" or poke at a book because it's "romance" or "genre fiction" and act like that somehow makes it substandard because they don't read it... well, ok, go ahead. Write a bestseller. Don't forget to go through the correct edit process. We'll wait.
Veronique Vienne, The Art of the Moment: Simple Ways to Get the Most from Life|Are we alone? Over time, you will come up with various answers to that same nagging question. Eventually one day it will occur to you that this endless asking is the answer you have been looking for. The fact that we have an ongoing dialogue with the universe is proof enough that there is "something" out there.
Anneli Rufus, Party of One: The Loners' Manifesto|I had come to a place where I was meant to be. I don't mean anything so prosaic as a sense of coming home. This was different, very different. It was like arriving at a place much safer than home.
Craig Thompson|If he spoke, he knew that he would break the spell. As soon as she knew her Romeo wasn’t coming she would be disappointed. She would doubtless be angry with him, perhaps even sense that it was somehow his fault.But at this moment she was happy and breathless with anticipation. Tonight was her night and she wanted to be loved.
Deyth Banger|When I was working on the book "The Life Of One Kid 7", I just felt the pain of the wound, I asked myself why it hurts.... one moment when my mother has went outside I just realise that she has turn on the fucking machine for making the weather inside hot. For god sake, this stop's thinking and makes depression!
Rod Stewart|There have been a lot of critiques of the finance industry's having possibly foisted subprime mortgages on unknowing buyers, and a lot of those kinds of arguments are even more powerful when used against college administrators who are probably in some ways engaged in equally misleading advertising.
Dianna Booher, What More Can I Say?: Why Communication Fails and What to Do About It|Good communication may not make a risky deal safe, but poor communication may sell benefits of a good deal.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|May Allah bless you." Or had she said: "May Allah burn you?" He was not sure which: the two Arabic words sounded so much alike.
H.L.  Stephens|When book and reader's furrowed brow meet, it isn't always the book that's stupid.
Saad  Salman|I said to my friend, "Why do you smoke (cigarettes)?"He replied, "Because I like to put myself on the line for the welfare and safety of others."I astonishingly said, "Sorry, I didn't get your point."He replied, "I want a cigarette-free world. Therefore, I am trying my best to end all the cigarettes from the world.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|The door of the bar opened, showing him a momentary oblong of true daylight, blankly white. A woman entered. He couldn't see her face as she crossed to the bar in front of the window, but he could see, drawn with exactitude by the light behind her, her legs within a summery white dress. When young he had supposed, without giving it much thought, that women didn't realize that sun behind them revealed them in this way; now he supposes that of course they must, and thinks about it. ("Novelty")
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Search not for happiness outside yourself, for nothing could be further from the truth.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|November--with uncanny witchery in its changed trees. With murky red sunsets flaming in smoky crimson behind the westering hills. With dear days when the austere woods were beautiful and gracious in a dignified serenity of folded hands and closed eyes--days full of a fine, pale sunshine that sifted through the late, leafless gold of the juniper-trees and glimmered among the grey beeches, lighting up evergreen banks of moss and washing the colonnades of the pines. Days with a high-sprung sky of flawless turquoise. Days when an exquisite melancholy seemed to hang over the landscape and dream about the lake. But days, too, of the wild blackness of great autumn storms, followed by dank, wet, streaming nights when there was witch-laughter in the pines and fitful moans among the mainland trees. What cared they? Old Tom had built his roof well, and his chimney drew.
Michele Cassou, Life, Paint and Passion: Reclaiming the Magic of Spontaneous|There's always this point in pregnancy when all of sudden you realize that there is this person inside of you, and somehow you are going to have to get them out. First you worry about getting pregnant, then staying pregnant, then dealing with the side effects of pregnancy, and then when you are feeling better and enjoying the fun part of getting to know the new baby's personality and habits, you realize that there is no turning back.
BikeSnobNYC|The sufficiency of Scripture means that Scripture contained all the words of God He intended His people to have at each stage of redemptive history, and that it now contains everything we need God to tell us for salvation, for trusting Him perfectly, and for obeying Him perfectly.
Agnes Kamara-umunna, And Still Peace Did Not Come: A Memoir of Reconciliation|In life, we make the best decisions we can with the information we have on hand.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|Really, there was only one problem with Mr. Davis, as far as Gregory was concerned; He taught math.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|My life seemed like a glass tunnel, through which I was moving faster every year, and at the end of which there was darkness. When I changed my view, the walls of my glass tunnel disappeared. I now live in the open air.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a clever man, different cultures, different lives, different attitudes, different dreams, different of everything are a good teacher! You only take the things you already know from somebody or something like you!
Roger Ebert|Dear Bill (O'Reilly)...I am concerned that you have been losing touch with reality recently. Did you really say you are more powerful than any politician?That reminds me of the famous story about Squeaky the Chicago Mouse. It seems that Squeaky was floating on his back along the Chicago River one day. Approaching the Michigan Avenue lift bridge, he called out: Raise the bridge! I have an erection!
Hrishikesh J C|Maybe you should take some lessons from the forest crooner,' he suggests.
Carla H. Krueger|Fear is a state of mind. There is nothing real about it. Welcome it in, 60 seconds passes, and as your guest politely ask it to leave. It will leave every single time!!
Cassia Leo, Anti-Romance|Eventually, you're gonna have to let someone in.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|Suppose, and the facts leave us quite free to suppose it, suppose that the latent sapiens in us succeeds in its urge to rationalize life, suppose we do satisfy our dogmatic demand for freedom, equality, universal abundance, lives of achievement, hope and cooperation throughout this still largely unexplored and undeveloped planet, and find ourselves all the better for having done so. It can be done. It may be done. Suppose it done. Surely that in itself will be good living. “But,” says that dead end; that human blight, Mr. Chamble Pewter, making his point with a squeak in his voice and tears of controversial bitterness in his eyes, “What is the good of it? Will there be any finality in your success?” he asks. None whatever, is the answer. Why should there be? Yet a vista of innumerable happy generations, an abundance of life at present inconceivable, and at the end, not extinction necessarily, not immortality, but complete uncertainty, is surely sufficient prospect for the present. We are not yet Homo sapiens, but when at last our intermingled and selected offspring, carrying on the life that is now in us, when they, who are indeed ourselves, our heredity of body, thought and will, reassembled and enhanced, have established their claim to that title — can we doubt that they will be facing things at present unimaginable, weighing pros and cons altogether beyond our scope? They will see far and wide in an ever-growing light while we see as in a glass darkly. Things yet unimaginable. They may be good by our current orientation of things; they may be evil. Why should they not be in the nature of our good and much more than our good —“beyond good and evil?
John   Kramer, Blythe|Ignorance has one virtue: persistence. It will insist through dogged persistence on leading others to follow its vision no matter how misguided. Ignorance will drive the world to the brink of failure and catastrophe and beyond into the abyss with arrogance and anger because wisdom is often too polite to fight. Wisdom doesn’t like to impose its will, but that is all ignorance understands—force over free will and choice. Sooner or later the world comes to its senses, but oh the damage that has been done.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games Trilogy Boxset|My children, who don't know they play on a graveyard.
Kari Martindale, 50 by 30: Fifty By Thirty|It was a practical trip, straight across the country. No pit stops at canned meat museums, no national parks. Just a whole lot of Wynebraskowa.
Daniel L. Schacter, Searching for Memory: The Brain, the Mind, and the Past|... [O]ne of the most influential approaches to thinking about memory in recent years, known as connectionism, has abandoned the idea that a memory is an activated picture of a past event. Connectionist or neural network models are based on the principle that the brain stores engrams by increasing the strength of connections between different neurons that participate in encoding an experience. When we encode an experience, connections between active neurons become stronger, and this specific pattern of brain activity constitutes the engram. Later, as we try to remember the experience, a retrieval cue will induce another pattern of activity in the brain. If this pattern is similar enough to a previously encoded pattern, remembering will occur. The "memory" in a neural network model is not simply an activated engram, however. It is a unique pattern that emerges from the pooled contributions of the cue and the engram. A neural network combines information in the present environment with patterns that have been stored in the past, and the resulting mixture of the two is what the network remembers... When we remember, we complete a pattern with the best match available in memory; we do not shine a spotlight on a stored picture.
William Blum|Unfortunately, our history has abundant examples of patriotism being used to hurt those who express views in disagreement with that of the majority.
Kristan Higgins, My One and Only|You asked why I couldn't forgive you," Nick said, very quietly, and I jumped a little. "It was because you were the love of my life, Harper. And you didn't want to be. That's hard to let go.
John Holt|schools assume that children are not interested in learning and are not much good at it, that they will not learn unless made to, that they cannot learn unless shown how, and that the way to make them learn is to divide up the prescribed material into a sequence of tiny tasks to be mastered one at a time, each with it's approrpriate 'morsel' and 'shock.' And when this method doesn't work, the schools assume there is something wrong with the children -- something they must try to diagnose and treat.
Dave Matthes, Wanderlust and the Whiskey Bottle Parallel: Poems and Stories|Lovecraft says he knows about tentaclesbut that motherfucker never bedded a girl from West Chesterand survivedShe was a toothachethat oneand she tasted like crackthe best thing about her was if I was ever hungryI could always make a meal out of whateverwas making rest at the corners of her mouthI can't remember her nameas is the case with most of themthen again I can't rememberhow many donuts I ate this morningor how many beers I'll drink tonight,tomorrow
George Orwell|To write or even speak English is not a science but an art. There are no reliable words. Whoever writes English is involved in a struggle that never lets up even for a sentence. He is struggling against vagueness, against obscurity, against the lure of the decorative adjective, against the encroachment of Latin and Greek, and, above all, against the worn-out phrases and dead metaphors with which the language is cluttered up.
John Robinson|Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Hi ladies, Hi Girls..., If you don't add more knowledge to what you already know, you may be a virgin but may not raise your bar! Go, get extra oil!
Willie Nelson|When I first started, my songs were the politics of anger. As I got older and hopefully wiser, I wanted to be part of the politics of answers.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|The short space of threescore years can never content the imagination of man; nor can the imperfect joys of this world satisfy his heart. Man alone, of all created beings, displays a natural contempt of existence, and yet a boundless desire to exist; he scorns life, but he dreads annihilation. These different feelings incessantly urged his soul to the contemplation of a future state, and religion directs his musings thither. Religion, then, is simply another form of hope; and it is no less natural to the human heart than hope itself.
Sylvia Plath, Plath: Poems|O love, how did you get here?--Nick and the Candlestick
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens|We rightly scorn those who have no made use of their defects, who have not exploited their deficiencies, and have not been enriched by their losses, as we despise any man who does not suffer at being a man or simply at being. Hence no graver insult can be inflicted than to call someone 'happy', no greater flattery than to grant him a 'vein of melancholy'... This is because gaiety is linked to no important action and because, except for the mad, no one laughs when he is alone.
Dominic Riccitello|I like the chase, scavenging and how we unravel. Standing naked with all my pores at the door. Waiting for a response, a love, someone to call my home. Where my emotions graze the air and I’m lying half past gone.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Gradually, I realized that the ideas I had embraced and defended blindly all my life represented a singular, and highly radical, point of view. I began to question everything.
Kim Harrison, A Perfect Blood|The undead did not love, but they remembered love with a savage loyalty.
K.S. Marsden, The Shadow Falls|Remember the plan?” Hunter asked as they drew closer to their target.Kristen looked at him sceptically. "'Keep quiet and don’t get seen’ is not a very professional plan. Did you have anything else to add?
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|But it is hazardous and, I believe, counterproductive to become frozen in time by an obsession with past wrongs and errors.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I was just turned last week. I'm a librarian."He stilled, as if I'd just told him I was the inventor of the tube top. "I watched a movie about a librarian once. Well, she was a librarian by day, a call girl by--"I stopped him with a quick lift of an eyebrow. "If you finish that sentence, we cannot be friends.
Justin Jordan, The Strange Talent of Luther Strode|The rope longed-for her beloved, the ceiling hook. The suspended body; a harbinger of good news. Love was lost. Love was found.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge is a tool, and like all tools, its impact is in the hands of the user.
John Eldredge, Beautiful Outlaw: Experiencing the Playful, Disruptive, Extravagant Personality of Jesus|Now they are lovers. The first, wild courses are ended. They have founded their domain. A satanic happiness follows.
Sarah Teasdale|I will always know the glory of the beautiful and rare, as they will know security from labour and prayer. As they will hear the laughter of the children they gave life, I will know the torments of the song born under knife.And to their girls, they will give,while with their sons they'll share;where I will bear a song—a son! The wife of despair.
Brent Weeks, The Broken Eye|Tell me to leave," he said roughly."No," I whispered, pressing a gentle kiss to his jawline."Then I'm staying," and his lips consumed mine.
Letitia Baldrige|Sad to say, multi-tasking is beyond me. I read one book at a time all the way through. If I'm reviewing the book, I have to write the review before I start reading any other book. I especially hate it when the phone rings and interrupts my train of thought.
Helen Exley, Cat Quotations|Knightley Academy stood out against the moonlight in silhouette, a ramshackle collection of chimneys, turrets and gables. Both boys stopped to take in the sight of the manicured lawns and tangled woods, the soaring chapel and the ivy-covered brick of the headmaster's house. They were home. For this, Henry felt, was home. Not some foreign castle encircled by guard towers, but this cozy, bizarre assortment of buildings with its gossiping kitchen maids and eccentric professors and clever students.
Lailah GiftyAkita|Accomplishment of your dreams requires personal sacrifice and hardworking.May the you have a determined spirit, will power and a great passion for the accomplishment of your dreams.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|An eminent philosopher among my friends, who can dignify even your ugly furniture by lifting it into the serene light of science, has shown me this pregnant little fact. Your pierglass or extensive surface of polished steel made to be rubbed by a housemaid, will be minutely and multitudinously scratched in all directions; but place now against it a lighted candle as a centre of illumination, and lo! the scratches will seem to arrange themselves in a fine series of concentric circles round that little sun. It is demonstrable that the scratches are going everywhere impartially, and it is only your candle which produces the flattering illusion of concentric arrangement, its light falling with an exclusive optical selection. These things are a parable. The scratches are events, the candle is the egoism of any party now absent.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.
Debasish Mridha|Express your feelings, no matter what. Make your every word beautiful, bright, and lovely. Make your every thought creative, caring, and lively.
Albert Einstein, The World As I See It|He wondered why the pelican was the symbol of charity, except it was that it wanted a good deal of charity to admire a pelican.
Jeremy Robert Johnson, Skullcrack City|I considered sex work, but then I bent over and looked at my asshole in a mirror. Nobody was going to pay me for access to that thing.
Eric A. Stanley, Captive Genders: Trans Embodiment and the Prison Industrial Complex|THE CURSEMay they neverReturn home at night...May you have no part of eventide,May you have no room of your own,Nor road, nor return.May your days be all exactly the same,Five Fridays in a row,Always an unlucky Tuesday,No Sunday,May you have no more little worries,Tears or inspiration,For you yourself are the greatest worry on earth:Prisoner!
G.S.Sreekiran|On the seashore, when I feel the waves are taking the sand beneath my feet, I keep my feet firm and deep, I stay strong!!!
Noreena Hertz|Nature is regulating our climate for free. Mother Nature, she's been doing that for free, for a long, long time. Now do you really want to get in there and do geo-engineering and all this kind of stuff?
Armineonila M., No Return Address: A collection of poems|[Y]ou, one day, will knock lips with Turkish-coffee-clad veils whose beds our kin must tuck in misty-eyed.
Benedict Freedman, Mrs. Mike|I felt afraid. No one would know that, not Mother and not Mike. I’d keep the fear pushed down inside of me, and no one would know it was there. “I’m awfully happy,” I wrote. I was. Awfully happy and awfully in love, and tomorrow I was marrying Mike.
Cyc Jouzy|Copy cats may seem good at what they are doing, but they will never find a spot at the top.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Let them judge you, but remain virtuous.Let them criticize you, but remain wise.Let them misunderstand you, but remain kind. Let them hate you, but remain exceptional.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|I am the Cat who walks by himself, and all places are alike to me.
George Eliot|Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it. We must protect it by changing the world.
Maija Haavisto, The Atlas Moth|We are all only men, defined by our choices.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|Belinda stared into the fire for some time, thinking about what she had in her life, and what she had given up; and whether it would be worse to love someone who was no longer there, or not to love someone who was.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I started this business I had nothing, I was at the bottom. What I really had was my self confidence that got me here today. The thing about this self confidence is that it can't be bought. You either have it or you have to build it on your own.
William Penn, More Fruits of Solitude: Being the Second Part of Reflections and Maxims Relating to the Conduct of Human Life.|Death is but crossing the world, as friends do the seas; they live in one another still. For they must needs be present, that love and live in that which is omnipresent. In this divine glass, they see face to face; and their converse is free, as well as pure. This is the comfort of friends, that though they may be said to die, yet their friendship and society are, in the best sense, ever present, because immortal.
Ryan Lilly|The irony of sensory deprivation tanks is that in order to think outside the box, you must first go inside one.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|Trust takes a long time to develop, but can be lost in the blink of an eye.
Bobbi Junod, Do You Doubt the Daffodil?|What is it about human nature that when we are touched in a way that is life changing we want to share the experience with others. I have to think it is about bringing gifts from spirit back to the spirit in humans. All I know is that after I experienced the four years of intimate conversations with God/spirit/my higher self/the universe and the resulting growth and healing, I would ask myself, “What should I do?” and the answer was always, relentlessly, write a book and share it.
Theodore Roethke|You can't always control circumstances. However, you can always control your attitude, approach, and response. Your options are to complain or to look ahead and figure out how to make the situation better.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Fear of public speaking can be overcome with effective public speaking tips, skills and strategies.
Kelly Rosati, Wait No More: One Family's Amazing Adoption Journey|I thought that some of the hymns bespoke the true religion of the place. The people didn't really want to be saints of self-deprivation and hatred of the world. They knew that the world would sooner or later deprive them of all it had given them, but still they liked it. What they came together for was to acknowledge, just by coming, their losses and failures and sorrows, their need for comfort, their faith always needing to be greater, their wish (in spite of all words and acts to the contrary) to love one another and to forgive and be forgiven, their need for one another's help and company and divine gifts, their hope (and experience) of love surpassing death, their gratitude.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|I take it we're friends now," Henry said. "We must be," Gansey replied. "Jane says it should be so.""It should be so," Blue agreed.
Israelmore Ayivor|A leader without a clear vision and plans only abuses his power because visions, dreams and plans are the fulcrum along which the loads of success will spine by your own efforts. And where power is abused, there is manipulation instead of inspiration.
Rita Dove|I try to show what it is about language and music that enthralls, because I think those are the two elements of poetry.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Naval Treaty|What a lovely thing a rose is!"He walked past the couch to the open window and held up the drooping stalk of a moss-rose, looking down at the dainty blend of crimson and green. It was a new phase of his character to me, for I had never before seen him show any keen interest in natural objects. "There is nothing in which deduction is so necessary as religion," said he, leaning with his back against the shutters. "It can be built up as an exact science by the reasoner. Our highest assurance of the goodness of Providence seems to me to rest in the flowers. All other things, our powers, our desires, our food, are all really necessary for our existence in the first instance. But this rose is an extra. Its smell and its color are an embellishment of life, not a condition of it. It is only goodness which gives extras, and so I say again that we have much to hope from the flowers.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|In the cosmos of time, there's not a cocksucker in this room who is more than a fart in the wind!
Sotero M Lopez II|Never sacrifice your children for the bigger house, fancier car or the 'better life'. The price you pay is hefty and non-refundable in the end.
L.M. Montgomery|Anne, look here. Can’t we be good friends?”For a moment Anne hesitated. She had an odd, newly awakened consciousness under all her outraged dignity that the half-shy, half-eager expression in Gilbert’s hazel eyes was something that was very good to see. Her heart gave a quick, queer little beat. But the bitterness of her old grievance promptly stiffened up her wavering determination. That scene of two years before flashed back into her recollection as vividly as if it had taken place yesterday. Gilbert had called her “carrots” and had brought about her disdain before the whole school. Her resentment, which to other and older people might be as laughable as its cause, was in no whit allayed and softened by time seemingly. She hated Gilbert Blythe! She would never forgive him!
Walter Lippmann|Above all, I would teach him to tell the truth Truth-telling, I have found, is the key to responsible citizenship. The thousands of criminals I have seen in 40 years of law enforcement have had one thing in common: Every single one was a liar.
Marty Rubin|People on foot, on bikes, in cars, on planes-all chasing freedom.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|All attempts at law, all religion, all ethical norms might be nothing more than attempts by the weak to restrain the strong. Then, within the law, arise the new strong, who subvert the law for their own ends of power and family interest, leaving the old strong outside their circle to pursue the waiting possibilities which they call crime. The weak, the cowardly, the decent ones, live between these groups.
G.K. Chesterton|Learning that he was a professional swindler should have made her shame a hundred times worse. Instead, it took the sting out of it. The whole affair was disgusting, and she was unwise to have trusted him, but she had been one of many victims. She wouldn't stand out in his mind as more foolish than other women. What a strange, vain thing the mind was.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|Knees suddenly weak, she reached for his forearms to stabilize herself. “You came for me.”He beamed, looking for all the world like a selfless, daring hero.“Don’t sound so surprised.” Dropping the cane, he pulled her into a crushing embrace that tore her away from Wolf and lifted her clean off the floor. “It turns out you are worth a lot of money on the black market.
Steve Vai|People come up to me and say somebody in their family has cancer, and we appreciate what you do, and we appreciate your fight, and don't give up, we love your attitude.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I wished upon the moon one night, bewitched by how it shone so white. While staring up with some excite my eyes beheld a wondrous sight!  The moon so lustrous and white transformed into an armored knight who caused me just a moments fright when he jumped down from such a height.  No more a soft, celestial light, he was my lover, day and night.   This caused the world a serious plight.  How harsh a sting and deep the bite inflicted on the world, alright, to lose their blackest-hour light.  And so I've come to set things right, to offer up without a fight my lover wished for one clear night.  I hold him close.  He hugs me tight, then climbs again to heaven's height to glow a bluer shade of bright.  I stare at my beloved knight, not wanting to be impolite, and in my heart with all my might I wish a wish that isn't right.  Now and then the world still spites a shadowless and moonless night when we steal softly out of sight to hold each other 'til daylight and share in lovers true delight.
Katherine Mansfield, Je ne parle pas français|I do not know why I have such a fancy for this little café. It's dirty and sad, sad. It's not as if it had anything to distinguish it from a hundred others–it hasn't; or as if the same strange types came here every day, whom one could watch from one's corner and recognize and more or less (with a strong accent on the less) get the hang of.But pray don't imagine that those brackets are a confession of my humility before the mystery of the human soul. Not at all; I don't believe in the human soul. I never have. I believe that people are like portmanteaux–packed with certain things, started going, thrown about, tossed away, dumped down, lost and found, half emptied suddenly, or squeezed fatter than ever, until finally the Ultimate Porter swings them on to the Ultimate Train and away they rattle. . . .
Vladimir Nabokov|And this is the only immortality you and i may share, my Lolita.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Keep reading, Keep learning.
Jacques Barzun|Convince yourself that you are working in clay, not marble, on paper not eternal bronze: Let that first sentence be as stupid as it wishes.
Stephen King|I wouldn't have missed a single minute of it, Not for the whole world.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|An evil spark flared in his eyes. "Trade: raccoon for some answers.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|The guy snarled out a string of profanity describing his night with Conn's mother."Sounds about right," Conn said, but Matt didn't miss the glint in Conn's eye. "She's been dead for twenty years, but dead's probably the only way you get laid.
Margaret Mahy, The Changeover|In most people's minds, fossils and Evolution go hand in hand. In reality, fossils are a great embarrassment to Evolutionary theory and offer strong support for the concept of Creation. If Evolution were true, we should find literally millions of fossils that show how one kind of life slowly and gradually changed to another kind of life. But missing links are the trade secret, in a sense, of paleontology. The point is, the links are still missing. What we really find are gaps that sharpen up the boundaries between kinds. It's those gaps which provide us with the evidence of Creation of separate kinds. As a matter of fact, there are gaps between each of the major kinds of plants and animals. Transition forms are missing by the millions. What we do find are separate and complex kinds, pointing to Creation.
John Grisham, The Last Juror|Everything in life has a yin and yang – an interconnected, complementary and opposite force. Just as we need the light to distinguish it from the dark, we recognize injustice in the world demands justice to provide a balance.
Bessel A. van der Kolk|If others fell by the wayside, dear women and strong, loved by men, how had she, single and unloved, kept her sanity?
Ehsan Sehgal|Abandoning civil society will leave the enemy in control, not by victory but by default.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we fail to read, we miss the treasure of wisdom.
Trevor N. Lewis, Abbigayle McKinney|During each encounter, ask yourself: How does this incident bring greater awareness into my life?
Peter Benchley|Quality afterschool programs provide safe, engaging and fun learning experiences to help children and youth develop their social, emotional, physical, cultural and academic skills.
Joseph Sobran|If you want government to intervene domestically, you’re a liberal. If you want government to intervene overseas, you’re a conservative. If you want government to intervene everywhere, you’re a moderate. If you don’t want government to intervene anywhere, you’re an extremist.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Deep down I believe each of us is a well-spring of understanding and wisdom, but we simply never allow the space or time for this understanding to rise to the level of conscious thought.
Alexis Coe, Alice + Freda Forever: A Murder in Memphis|The nights were advantageous, too. After they kissed their families goodnight, it was expected that they would share a bed, their bodies close, their movements obscured under the covers.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Witch's Daughter|Keep your wits about you, Killian O'Brien, for you'll be no good to anyone if your head lies apart from the rest of your body!
Amy Harmon, A Different Blue|Austen knew nothing of our modern quest for equality. People are not numbers, and so they are never “equal.” Some folk are higher placed than others, have more money, were more fortunate in their parents, or are brighter. These gifts do not come to us by merit but by the unfathomable providence of God.
Gwen Calvo, Cocaine Masks: Cocaine Masks|lips, red, ruby, like the blood, like the voice.
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|I opened my eyes to find a fuzzy face staring into mine. I laughed and scratched Boomer’s head. “Your dog is a pervert, he watched the whole thing.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|Look up. This is the season of shooting stars. Light, two thousand years old, still dazzling. Let me see your face. Your face lit up by twenty centuries.
Peter F. Drucker|People in any organization are always attached to the obsolete - the things that should have worked but did not, the things that once were productive and no longer are.
Steve Goodier|Gratitude is the heart of humility, and humility is the path to peace, love, and understanding.
Cecilia Woloch|Didn’t I stand there once, white-knuckled, gripping the just-lit taper, swearing I’d never go back? And hadn’t you kissed the rain from my mouth?And weren’t we gentle and awed and afraid, knowing we’d stepped from the room of desire into the further room of love? And wasn’t it sacred, the sweetness we licked from each other’s hands? And were we not lovely, then, were we not as lovely as thunder, and damp grass, and flame?
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|If a book can save—redeem us from the mediocrity of the mundane—surely, there must be a God.
RVM|We don't know Where God is, Who God is or What God is… BUT GOD IS! -RVM
Peter Ackroyd, Turner|He is a Londoner, too, in his writings. In his familiar letters he displays a rambling urban vivacity, a tendency to to veer off the point and to muddle his syntax. He had a brilliantly eclectic mind, picking up words and images while at the same time forging them in new and unexpected combinations. He conceived several ideas all at once, and sometimes forgot to separate them into their component parts. This was true of his lectures, too, in which brilliant perceptions were scattered in a wilderness of words. As he wrote on another occasion, "The lake babbled not less, and the wind murmured not, nor the little fishes leaped for joy that their tormentor was not." This strangely contorted and convoluted style also characterizes his verses, most of which were appended as commentaries upon his paintings. Like Blake, whose prophetic books bring words and images in exalted combination, Turner wished to make a complete statement. Like Blake, he seemed to consider the poet's role as being in part prophetic. His was a voice calling in the wilderness, and, perhaps secretly, he had an elevated sense of his status and his vocation. And like Blake, too, he was often considered to be mad. He lacked, however, the poetic genius of Blake - compensated perhaps by the fact that by general agreement he is the greater artist.
Bill Bryson, Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe|What is it about maps? I could look at them all day, earnestly studying the names of towns and villages I have never heard of and will never visit...
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|Your commitment is to action alone, not to the fruits of action. That must never be: you must not be motivated by the fruits of your actions. Yet you must not become attached to inaction. Perform your duties as a warrior and cast off attachment, Arjuna, indifferent alike whether you gain or gain not. This indifference is called yoga. Action is far lower than the rule of understanding, Arjuna. Seek refuge in wisdom. They are unworthy who are moved only by gain. Lesson Two, verses 47-49
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|According to most studies on the subject, boys who grow up without fathers grow up at a disadvantage.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The Weight of One Feather"Given.Many fear deathBecause they alreadyFeel ridden with sin,But no man on this earthIs filled with only white lightWithin.Have more faithIn our Maker,For our souls and mindsWere created by Him.Just remember that,When your deedsAre measuredBy the scale – The good sideMust outweighThe bad,And your heartMust be as lightAs a featherTo win.
Augustine of Hippo, On Christian Doctrine|Resolved, to study the Scriptures so steadily, constantly and frequently, as that I may find, and plainly perceive myself to grow in the knowledge of the same.
Aaron Blaylock, It's Called Helping...You're Welcome|As a society we’ve progressed to a point where it is unacceptable behavior to knock someone down who is acting a fool. I teach my children to use their words when faced with a conflict. That’s what civilized people do. All that is fine and good except for one small thing; we’ve enabled the fools......What if people could expect a measure of instant justice when they were out of order? The acts of thoughtlessness would decline exponentially. If you give people license to be fools then you are left to deal with fools. However, if you put fools on notice then they’ll be forced to snap to attention and act right or suffer the consequences. Think of it as an adult spanking.
M.R. Graham, The Medium|Each person whoever was or is or will be has a song. It isn’t a song that anybody else wrote. It has its own melody, it has its own words. Very few people get to sing their own song. Most of us fear that we cannot do it justice with our voices, or that our words are too foolish or too honest, or too odd. So people live their songs instead.Take Daisy, for example. Her song, which had been somewhere in the back of her head for most of her life, had a reassuring, marching sort of beat, and words that were about protecting the weak, and it had a chorus that began “Evildoers beware!” and was thus much too silly ever to be sung out loud. She would hum it to herself sometimes though, in the shower, during the soapy bits.And that is, more or less, everything you need to know about Daisy. The rest is details.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|I say, indeed: "consolation in the nonsentience of nature." For nonsentience is consoling; the world of nonsentience is the world outside human life; it is eternity; "it is the sea gone off with the sun" (Rimbaud).
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic.
Jonathan  Mills, Love, Covenant & Meaning|Shouldn't we at least be asking whether the transcending of venereal desire that marriage requires of a mostly or entirely 'heterosexual' man who marries for the sake of love, friendship, and raising a family isn't more or less the same as the transcendence required of a man whose venereal desire is 'oriented' mostly or entirely toward men but who restrains these drives, and who marries for the sake of love, friendship and raising a family? Of course, men with little venereal desire for women can't proceed towards marriage driven by such desire. For them, marriage must develop from friendship. But wouldn't it be better if all marriages developed from friendship?
Mehmet Murat ildan|From whichever direction or from whoever the light comes to you, always welcome it!
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|...treasure what it means to do a day's work. It's our one and only chance to do something productive today, and it's certainly not available to someone merely because he is the high bidder. A day's work is your chance to do art, to create a gift, to do something that matters. As your work gets better and your art becomes more important, competition for your gifts will increase and you'll discover that you can be choosier about whom you give them to.
Bernard Jan|I will howl with the wolves, soar above the eagles and roam wild with the Mustang. I will breathe life into the sunrise atop a mountain, bathe naked in the streams, dance in the sunset and love beneath the stars, travelling far and wide, seeking new experiences with those who dare to run with the wind, dare to touch the storm that is me...
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I’m in my classroom and I’m looking at this girl, but all I can see is my dad on the ground, in front of The Wall, telling the truth, finally—his knees drawn and his chest heaving—and when people pass by they look the other way, except for this one lady who stops to give my dad a hug. She gets down on her knees to reach him, and now she’s crying with a stranger, and without asking I know it’s because she’s lost something, too, and I wonder if in comforting my dad she thinks she can find it again. Probably not. It doesn’t work that way.
Teresa of Ávila|...it takes great humility to find oneself unjustly condemned and be silent, and to do this is to imitate the Lord Who set us free from all our sins. ... The truly humble person will have a genuine desire to be thought little of, and persecuted, and condemned unjustly, even in serious matters. ... It is a great help to meditate upon the great gain which in any case this is bound to bring us, and to realize how, properly speaking, we can never be blamed unjustly, since we are always full of faults, and a just man falls seven times a day, so that it would be a falsehood for us to say we have no sin. If, then, we are not to blame for the thing that we are accused of, we are never wholly without blame in the way that our good Jesus was. ... Thou knowest, my Good, that if there is anything good in me it comes from no other hands than Thine own. For what is it to Thee, Lord, to give much instead of little? True, I do not deserve it, but neither have I deserved the favors which Thou hast shown me already. Can it be that I should wish a thing so evil as myself to be thought well of by anyone, when they have said such wicked things of Thee, Who art good above all other good? ... Do Thou give me light and make me truly to desire that all should hate me, since I have so often let Thee, Who hast loved me with such faithfulness. ... What does it matter to us if we are blamed by them all, provided we are without blame in the sight of the Lord? ...meditate upon what is real and upon what is not. ... Do you suppose, ... that, if you do not make excuses for yourself, there will not be someone else who will defend you? Remember how the Lord took the Magdalen's part in the Pharisee's house and also when her sister blamed her. He will not treat you as rigorously as He treated Himself: it was not until He was on the Cross that He had even a thief to defend Him. His Majesty, then, will put it into somebody's mind to defend you; if He does not, it will be because there is no need. ...be glad when you are blamed, and in due time you will see what profit you experience in your souls. For it is in this way that you will begin to gain freedom; soon you will not care if they speak ill or well of you; it will seem like someone else's business. ... So here: it becomes such a habit with us not to reply that it seems as if they are not addressing us at all. This may seem impossible to those of us who are very sensitive and not capable of great mortification. It is indeed difficult at first, but I know that, with the Lord's help, the gradual attainment of this freedom, and of renunciation and self-detachment, is quite possible.
Willow Madison|E L James, Party Games you’re looking kind of smug inserting that god damn anal plug giving me your kinky love after writing Fifty Shades you’re acting like some kind of renegade giving me your kinky love sit me on a dildo and spin me right around chain me up and hang me upside down giving me your kinky love god damn you E L James making me into some kind of party game giving me your kinky love put me in a dream and wheel in the Fucking Machine god damn you E L James spank a hand on my bum see how much I can cum god damn you E L James stand me up and sit me down lay me out and roll me about god damn you E L James BDSM electro impulses up my brainstem god damn you E L James cast me in a submissive role-play with my genitals on display god damn you E L James suspend me high in the air slap me around like I don’t care god damn you E L James take that whip off the shelf make me forget myself god damn you E L James Why are you wearing oven mittens? branding iron your name written inner goddess don’t keep in hidden god damn you E L James holy crap my mind has snapped to forget one thing that I have heard I’m never going to use the safe-word god damn you E L James By R.M.Romarney
Keith Ablow, Denial|God is not attracted to mountaintops or church steeples. God is drawn to suffering, and the dark places it surfaces.
Sandra Ramos O'Briant, The Sandoval Sisters' Secret of Old Blood|The desire to know the future gnaws at our bones. That is where it started, and might have ended, years ago.I had cast the stones, seeing their faces flicker and fall: Death, Love, Murder, Treachery, Hope. We are a treacherous people - half of our stones show betrayal and violence and death from those close, death from those far away. It is not so with other peoples. I have seen other sets that show only natural disasters: death from sickness, from age, the pain of a broken heart, loss in childbirth. And those stones are more than half full with pleasure and joy and plain, solid warnings like "You reap what you sow" and "Victory is not the same as satisfaction."Of course, we live in a land taken by force, by battle and murder and invasion. It is not so surprising that our stones reflect our history.
Glenn Greenwald|Let everything be remade on simple lines. There is only one people, there is only one people!
Hannah Simone|Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.
Christopher Morley|You travel with the hope that something unexpected will happen. It has to do with enjoying being lost and figuring it out and the satisfaction. I always get a little disappointed when I know too well where I'm going, or when I've lived in a place so long that there's no chance I could possibly get lost.
Ray Comfort|The more a nation gets into darkness, the more it's going to hate the light. The more it's going to run from the light. And we have a generation of people who have given themselves to darkness, and they've embraced atheism, because it gets them away from moral responsibility to God.
William Jiang, A Schizophrenic Will: A Story of Madness, A Story of Hope|I am not religious in any sense; in fact, I consider myself an atheist.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|What matters right now is this: we're each of us standing here, together, alive, together.
Jan Wong, Out of the Blue|…depressive realism. Depression is not the near death experience described by so many, [Kayla Dunn] suggests, but a rebirth in which the new psyche has removed self-delusion. Compared with so-called healthy individuals, depressives are more realistic in their worldview.
Srividya Srinivasan|To call up modern versions of the old stories, one has to go forth and live life. As a result then, one will have the challenge of not only living the story, taking it all in, but also interpreting it in whatever ways are useful. So too, one will reap the reward of telling all about it afterward. One's interest in the world, and in having experiences, is really an interest in hearing, having, living one more story, and then one more, then one more story, till one cannot live them out loud any longer. Perhaps it should be said that the drive to live out stories is as deep in the psyche, when awakened, as it is compelling to the psyche to listen to stories and learn from them. Clarissa Pinkola Estes, Ph.D. in Introduction to the 2004 edition of The hero with a thousand faces (J.Campbell)
Tom Stoppard|Physics is about questioning, studying, probing nature. You probe, and, if you're lucky, you get strange clues.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal|Ithink that theworld should be full of cats and full of rain, that's all, justcats andrain, rain and cats, very nice, goodnight.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun is never denied the light it gives; likewise, you are never denied the kindness you bestow.
Brian Spellman|Even I realized that money was to politicians what the eucalyptus tree is to koala bears: food, water, shelter, and something to crap on.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|As she had been walking from the ward to that room, she had felt such pure hatred that now she had no more rancor left in her heart. She had finally allowed her negative feelings to surface, feelings that had been repressed for years in her soul. She had actually FELT them, and they were no longer necessary, they could leave.
Rafik Schami|You have a right to perform your prescribed duties, but you are not entitled to the fruits of your actions.
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|You of all people know how hard it is to trust. Especially when the world we live in is not the one humans are aware of. Trust must be earned, and the way to earn it is to prove you deserve it.
Wendell Berry|The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|The highest perfection of politeness is only a beautiful edifice, built, from the base to the dome, of graceful and gilded forms of charitable and unselfish lying.
Luis Marques|However, the real beauty is not in the words themselves, but in the listener that has the power to understand them.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|If you have to walk along a dark mountain path, don’t you prefer to have a flashlight to shine on the path ahead? I would suggest that it is possible to have that flashlight in life all the time. What does a flashlight give us? Light.That is, a flashlight sheds light. It is like the faculty of attention—if we turn our full attention to something, we learn more about that thing. We are seeing it with more light. Our attention is our ‘flashlight.’ So it’s all about how much and how fun an attention we consciously bring to life. This quality of attention doesn’t make us hesitant, or slow to decide, particularly—just as the flashlight doesn’t make us hang back on the trail. So, how do we get to the better quality of attention? With attention! That is, we turn our attention on our attention; we start by trying to see how we don’t pay attention. We sort of keep that light on ourselves. ‘Know thyself’ has been an honored ancient teaching, and it’s still a cornerstone of the world’s greatest philosophies. If you watch yourself honestly, in a detached way—not guilt-tripping yourself when you screw up—you gradually learn where it was that you were just blundering along, reacting sort of mechanically, and being asleep even as you were in your waking day. Another way to make this happen is by returning your whole attention to the present—to what’s happening now, in this moment, and this moment, and on—within yourself and around you.
Paulo Coelho, The Winner Stands Alone|If you love someone, you must be prepared to set them free.
Orson Welles|And yet here he was, looking at Jem Carstairs, a boy so fragile-looking that he appeared to be made out of glass, with the hardness of his expression slowly dissolving into tentative uncertainty. "You are not really dying," he said, the oddest tone to his voice, "are you?"Jem nodded. "So they tell me.""I am sorry," Will said."No", Jem said softly. He drew his jacket aside and took a knife from the belt at his waist. "Don't be ordinary like that. Don't say you're sorry. Say you'll train with me."He held the knife to Will, hilt first. Charlotte held her breath, afraid to move. She felt as if she were watching something very important happen, though she could not have said what.Will reached out and took the knife, his eyes never leaving Jem's face. His fingers brushed the other boy's as he took the weapon from him. It was the first time, Charlotte thought that she had ever seen him touch any other person willingly."I'll train with you," he said.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|Nothing between us was ever planned--not even you. We were both 24 years old when you were born, the normal age for most Americans, but among the class we soon found ourselves, we ranked as teenage parents. With a whiff of fear, we were very often asked if we planned to marry. Marriage was presented to us as a shield against other women, other men, or the corrosive monotony of dirty socks and dishwashing. But your mother and I knew too many people who'd married and abandoned each other for less. The truth of us was always that you were our ring. We'd summoned you out of ourselves, and you were not given a vote. If only for that reason, you deserved all the protection we could muster. Everything else was subordinate to this fact. If that sounds like a weight, it shouldn't. The truth is that I owe you everything I have. Before you, I had my questions but nothing beyond my own skin in the game, and that was really nothing at all because I was a young man, and not yet clear of my own human vulnerabilities. But I was grounded and domesticated by the plain fact that should I go down now, I would not go down alone.
Jennifer Colgan, Uncross My Heart|Vampires have credit cards?""We're undead, not Amish.
William Zinsser|Its helpful to know the reasons for our faith...it helps us not be so vulnerable to doubt, and it helps us not be so vulnerable to false doctrine.
Amber M. Kestner, Jana & Angel Volume 1|Success has interesting phenomenon -The more hardships you face for it, The more glorious and inspirational it will be
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|The statue was of a nude woman playing a slide trombone. It was entitles, enigmatically, Evelyn and Her Magic Violin.
Harbhajan Singh|In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.
Paul Auster|I think there is a failure in foreign policy. And you have to acknowledge that under Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton was the architect of that foreign policy. Whether it was malevolent or not, I don't know.
Claudette Melanson, Rising Tide: Dark Innocence|If I was smart now, I would simply walk back the way I had come instead of proceeding forward into the face of danger. Obviously there was a part of me that had considered facing the two vânătors alone and had decided that was a good idea. Perhaps it was PMS? What other logical reason could there be for continuing on a path this ridiculously dangerous and stupid? Unless of course the only plausible explanation left was that I was in fact a total moron, with a capital M? I thought about that for a second. Nope, I just can’t see it.
Donovan L. Graham, Teaching Redemptively: Bringing Grace and Truth Into Your Classroom|School curriculum, learning activities--all educational pursuits--should be characterized by and should lead to a sense and experience of wholeness. (p25)
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|Is sex a cure for loneliness, and if it is, what happens if our body or sexuality is considered deviant or damaged, if we are ill or unblessed with beauty?
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|For you, I wish for second chances
Molly Ivins|There is a soak-the-rich attitude in the air, a feeling that if you have a lot of money you must have got it by some ghastly means. I can quite happily say there was never any family money. All the money we got was mine, just from writing books.
W.B. Yeats|When You Are Old"WHEN you are old and grey and full of sleep, And nodding by the fire, take down this book, And slowly read, and dream of the soft look Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep; How many loved your moments of glad grace, And loved your beauty with love false or true, But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, And loved the sorrows of your changing face; And bending down beside the glowing bars, Murmur, a little sadly, how Love fled And paced upon the mountains overhead And hid his face amid a crowd of stars.
Robert G.  Thompson, Hooked on Customers: The Five Habits of Legendary Customer-Centric Companies|If you give customers a chance, they’ll communicate with you in many ways.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Tacos.""Tacos?" I echoed.This seemed to amuse him. "Tomatoes, lettuce, cheese.""I know what a taco is!
Shawn Michaels|Some of the happiest times I ever saw my dad was times when I was with him in the casinos, and he had a good night.
Terrence Real, How Can I Get Through to You? Closing the Intimacy Gap Between Men and Women|True wisdom listens more, talks less, and can get along with all types of people.
Colin Dickey, Ghostland: An American History in Haunted Places|[I am] someone who represents a very complex country which insists on being simple-minded. And simplicity, it occurs to me, it has occurred to me more than once, in my somewhat stormy life, simplicity is taken to be a great American virtue, along with sincerity. And the result of this is, if you are simple-minded enough, you can become—I didn’t want to go that far [laughs]. And as long as you’re sincere in what you say, you haven’t got to know what you’re talking about. These are the American virtues—two of them anyway. One of the results of this is that immaturity is taken to be a virtue too.
Anthony Liccione|I will not hate you, of course i will not say : goodbye.But I will not forgive you, so i forget better.
Alisa Steinberg, Notes from Ellen Wasserfeldman|The anxiety, which in this state of their attachment must be the portion of Henry and Catherine, and of all who loved either, as to its final event, can hardly extend, I fear, to the bosom of my readers, who will see in the tell-tale compression of the pages before them, that we are all hastening together to perfect felicity.
Junot Diaz|My novel, which I had started with such hope shortly after publishing my first book of stories, wouldn't budge past the 75-page mark. Nothing I wrote past page 75 made any kind of sense. Nothing. Which would have been fine if the first 75 pages hadn't been pretty damn cool.
Barry Lyga, Game|Till now, madness has been thought a small island in an ocean of sanity. I am beginning to suspect that it is not an island at all but a continent.
Debasish Mridha|My love is for you lives after life, for infinite time even though I will never get you, but my love for you is forever.
Emery Lee, The Highest Stakes|Although most advice should be distrusted, particularly when it comes from myself . . . keep an open mind, Miss Hathaway. One should never look a rich husband in the mouth." - St. Vincent
Lakshmi Menon|When you’re angry you act according to your emotions, not with your mind.
Lora Leigh, Elizabeth's Wolf|Through all this horror my cat stalked unperturbed. Once I saw him monstrously perched atop a mountain of bones, and wondered at the secrets that might lie behind his yellow eyes.
Tamara Lush|I swallowed and bit my lower lip, "Maybe freedom is never truly free, as they say," I said into his green eyes, "it comes with a price, and sooner or later, time will come to collect its toll.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I’m wearying to escape into that glorious world, and to be always there: not seeing it dimly through tears, and yearning for it through the walls of an aching heart: but really with it, and in it.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Much of what I have done is left unfinished- not because I left it too soon, not because I was lazy, but because it had a life of it's own that continues without me. Children, I suppose, are always unfinished business: they begin as part of your own body, and continue as seperate as another continent. The work you do, if it has any meaning, passes to other hands. The day slides into a night's dreaming.True stories are the ones that lie open at the border, allowing a crossing, a further frontier. The final frontier is just science fiction -don't believe it. Like the universe, there is no end. (p.87)
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|You were thinking about the hunky sheriff. I don't blame you. If I weren't a dragon, and a male one at that, I'd be drooling over him myself." He lifted his muzzle to look at her. "So what are you going to do about him?"	Baba sighed. "Probably something truly unwise."	"Excellent," Chudo-Yudo said. "About time. No one should be wise all the time. Not even a Baba.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Shonda, how do you do it all?The answer is this: I don't.Whenever you see me somewhere succeeding in one area of my life, that almost certainly means I am failing in another area of my life....That is the trade-off.That is the Faustian bargain one makes with the devil that comes with being a powerful working woman who is also a powerful mother. You never feel 100 percent okay, you never get your sea legs, you are always a little nauseous.
Tegan Quin|We, gays, can get married in Canada. We let heterosexuals too, but that was a huge thing, we had to have a referendum and a vote, it’s crazy! But then we were like, if they want to get married.. that’s cool. That’s gonna destroy their relationships, but.. Heterosexuals deserve the same rights as homosexuals.
Amit Aarav|I want to be done with tears, and the day is too beautiful for them anyway. Nevertheless, I consider my tears for a moment, the idea of them, a link to the earth’s ancient origins. I’m comforted by the notion that I carry a bit of the sea within myself wherever I go. It’s nice to think that water is not such an exotic thing after all.
Gudjon Bergmann|While having information is a crucial first step, more information isn´t necessarily better. Take a look at your bookshelves and the list of seminars you have attended. If you have read more than one book about a subject or attended more than one seminar but still haven’t reached your goals, then your problem is not lack of information but rather lack of implementation.
P.L. Travers, Mary Poppins Opens the Door|If you have one wish, wish for everything to be exactly as it is. Then wait patiently for your wish to come true.
E'yen A. Gardner|Oneness with God is not a dream, it is the only reality. Everything else is an illusion.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Not many people bothered to look for beauty beyond the greenhouses. They went about life with their heads down, just praying to get through the day, to feed themselves and their family. No one ever did anything to make it better.
Renee Fleming|There are so many artists that are dyslexic or learning disabled, it's just phenomenal. There's also an unbelievably high proportion of artists who are left-handed, and a high correlation between left-handedness and learning disabilities.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|If you would understand the present, you must come to know the past.
Atharva Veda 7.36|Sweet be the glanceswe exchange,Our faces showing true concord;Enshrine me in your heart and let one spiritdwell within us.
Amy Zhang, Falling into Place|In that moment, Liz Emerson felt that she was forever looking up at people who were much, much better than she could ever be, and the only thing she was really good at was pulling them down to her level.
Rollo May|Laws protecting the United States flag do not cut away at the freedom of speech guaranteed in the First Amendment... Congress made this position clear upon passage of the Flag Protection Act of 1989, which prohibited desecration of the flag.
Henry James|I might show it to you, but you'd never see it. The privilege isn't given to every one; it's not enviable. It has never been seen by a young, happy, innocent person like you. You must have suffered first, have suffered greatly, have gained some miserable knowledge. In that way your eyes are opened to it.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|Rhys shuddered, and I watched his cock twitch.“Play later,” he ground out.Indeed.His mouth found mine, the kiss open and deep, a clash of tongues and teeth. He lay me down on the pillows, and I locked my legs around his back, careful of the wings.Though I stopped caring as he nudged at my entrance. And paused.“Play later,” I snarled into his mouth.Rhys laughed and slid in. And in. And in.
Paul Orfalea, Copy This!: Lessons from a Hyperactive Dyslexic who Turned a Bright Idea Into One of America's Best Companies|Accountants are in the past, managers are in the present, and leaders are in the future.
Deyth Banger|The games made me the guy who I'm here now, the articles and the videos which I have watched and I continue to watch make the person today who I am. The life build me as such type of person!
Lian Tanner, Museum of Thieves|‎"If a person is not willing to take responsibility for themselves, it does not excuse them from not taking responsibility when their bad choices affect others.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The actual, expanded consciousness, reality of our planet is that all of life is LOVE; our very existence is LOVE. Everything that exists is just varying degrees of this LOVE; polar absolutes do not exist. Good versus evil is pure illusion. Even the most seemingly “negative” person with ill intent is still in the spectrum of love.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|Getting involved with him wasn’t going to happen. It wasn’t in the cards. It wasn’t part of anyone’s plan…. Now was the time to focus on her career and getting settled, not on sexy rock stars.
Neda Aria|For me, all those systematic Bureaucracies of traditional schools jaded me. For me, I still I couldn’t understand why we have to have a factory style education for children living in the 21st century. Why hold them in place, asking them to read and repeat and giving them a number of tasks to finish? I still have no idea how exams and objective assessments could measure human behavior or intelligence. Is it some kind of barcoding human aptitude? Is it ethical anyway?
L.F. Young|Don't hang with negative people. They will pull you down with them. Instead, invite them into your light and together you will both shine strong.
Christopher Nolan|Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be; your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.
Bob Filner|I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|In history, the bleeding from arbitrary beatings, forced breedings, and choked-heatbreathing could almost be withstood by soul-feeding songs sung, or listlessly hummed just to go on.
Michael Faudet|I could taste the salt on her lips, each kiss like a summer wave breaking on an empty beach.
Dee Hock|In all cities, the better classes - the business men - are the sources of corruption, but they are so rarely pursued and caught that we do not fully realize whence the trouble comes.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|But you know that any showing of such an innovation is apt to start gossip. Just why, I don’t know. It, though, is a trait of Mankind only. Animals don’t ‘bloom’ out so abruptly. You can hunt through Biology, Zoology or any similar study, and find but slow, -awfully slow,— adaptations toward any form of variation. Hurrying was not known until Man got around.
Angela Johnson, The First Part Last|All I can think is that I want her more than anything. I want her more than I've ever wanted anything, ever.
Ian McEwan, Black Dogs|Ultimately — or at the limit — in order to see a photograph well, it is best to look away or close your eyes. 'The necessary condition for an image is sight,'Janouch told Kafka; and Kafka smiled and replied: 'We photograph things in order to drive them out of our minds. My stories are a way of shutting my eyes.
Dalai Lama|Watch out for the joy-stealers: gossip, criticism, complaining, faultfinding, and a negative, judgmental attitude.
Howard Tayler, The Tub of Happiness|Welcome to your new bodies, gentlemen. If you'd like, I can help you start your own 'dysmorphia is all in your head' support group.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Harry - you're a great wizard, you know." "I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him."Me!" said Hermione. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important things - friendship and bravery and - oh Harry - be careful!
John Piper|It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices.
I. Made Iwan Darmawan|Simbol, huruf dan angka adalah alat, sedangkan gagasan adalah roh sebuah tulisan.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|never put all the good people in one plane, ship, train .....
S.T. Joshi, Atheism: A Reader|The atheist, agnostic, or secularist ... should not be cowed by exaggerated sensitivity to people's religious beliefs and fail to speak vigorously and pointedly when the devout put forth arguments manifestly contrary to all the acquired knowledge of the past two or three millennia. Those who advocate a piece of folly like the theory of an 'intelligent creator' should be held accountable for their folly; they have no right to be offended for being called fools until they establish that they are not in fact fools. Religiously inclined writers like Stephen L Carter may plead that 'respect' should be accorded to religious views in public discourse, but he neglects to demonstrate that those views are worthy of respect. All secularists -- scientists, literary figures, even politicians (if there are any such with the requisite courage) -- should speak out on the issue when the opportunity presents itself.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Death is a strange thing. People live their whole lives as if it does not exist, and yet it's often one of the great motivations for living. Some of us, in time, become so conscious of it that we live harder, more obstinately, with more fury.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|There are 30,000 days in your life. When I was 24, I realized I'm almost 9,000 days down. There are no warm-ups, no practice rounds, no reset buttons. Your biggest risk isn't failing, it's getting too comfortable. Every day, we're writing a few more words of a story. I wanted my story to be an adventure and that's made all the difference.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|I’ve read about this in books, imagined it in my mind countless times since I’ve been here, but to actually witness it is something entirely different. I thought I was prepared, but nothing—no amount of book learning or supposed life experience or bravado—can make you invulnerable to the sight of a vampire drinking blood.
Ross Macdonald|When I was a child I burnt the back of my right hand on a hot iron. I can't recall the pain, but there's an eye-shaped scar as testament to it. As a teenager I used to think it was the all seeing eye of the anti-Christ and that I was the devil incarnate. Or at least a minion. It was my right hand, innit?What I do remember though is my father, or Dad as we called him, abandoning the polite Abbu, telling me not to cry and to be patient because the fires of hell were seventy times hotter than the fire of the iron.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|The Buddhists say there are 149 ways to God. I'm not looking for God, only for myself, and that is far more complicated. God has had a great deal written about Him; nothing has been written about me. God is bigger, like my mother, easier to find, even in the dark. I could be anywhere, and since I can't describe myself I can't ask for help.
Shawn Amos|The Famous Amos Chocolate Chip Cookie was an unexpected, unplanned pop culture phenomena. My father went from star-maker to star.
Raymond E. Feist, Rise of a Merchant Prince|As the complexity in any system increases, the ability to form a correct understanding decreases exponentially.
Adam Johnson, Fortune Smiles|I'm beginning to think of hope as a dangerous, terrifying thing.
Liz Johnson, On Love's Gentle Shore|Forgiveness isn't reserved for the ones who deserve it. God gives it freely, and we should do the same. The one person you can set free from bitterness is you. The fact that your dad apologized is amazing. But even if he hadn't, at some point you're going to have to let go of your anger or you'll end up just like him, hurting the people you're supposed to love.
Jonathan Stroud, The Empty Grave|This is what the Problem means,” he went on. “This is the effect it has. Lives lost, loved ones taken before their time. And then we hide our dead behind iron walls and leave them to the thorns and ivy. We lose them twice over, Lucy. Death’s not the worst of it. We turn our faces away.
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|It’d take a lot more than a quick fuck to lose me, Lockland.”He smiled and nipped my lower lip. “Plus,” I murmured, pulling back, “your cock is pretty nice. I think my ass would miss it.
Sunday Adelaja|You can multiply your life through work, not jobs
Anthony Burgess, Time for a Tiger|You're a romantic,” said Crabbe. “You expect too much. Reality's always dull, you know, but when we see that it's all there is, well-it miraculously ceases to be dull.
Jean-François Lyotard, Peregrinations Law Form (Wellek Library Lectures|...The sublime feeling is not mere pleasure as taste is – it is a mixture of pleasure and pain... Confronted with objects that are too big according to their magnitude or tooviolent according to their power, the mind experiences its own limitations.
Geoff Stults|Lake Pend Oreille is definitely my favorite place to be while in Sandpoint. I love to get out on a boat to enjoy water sports, camping, fishing, or just to relax and catch a sunset.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya|Sometimes, on duty, if one trusts a stranger, one’s nerves are on edge. What if I am making a mistake!
RVM|Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!- RVM
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Intelligence is often worshiped, even when that intelligence allows unfathomable injustice and suffering to occur under its smart watch.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Be not be discourage by the rejections. Do not stop because of anxiety; stop because you are done with the mission! Be not be down by the susurrant call of the masses to stop, halt or abort your true purpose when you are convinced within your innermost man of how true your purpose is. A true purpose is mostly to a greater extent rejected, spat upon and seen as unworthy cause by the masses until they come to a later realization of how true it is to be accepted
Pablo Casals|When words leave off, music begins.
Pete McCarthy, McCarthy's Bar: A Journey of Discovery In Ireland|If you've had the right kind of education, it's amazing how many things you can find to feel guilty about.
Nicola Sturgeon|The entire process of making a movie is sort of blind trust because, otherwise, all of it just doesn't make any sense: the fact that we can create any sense of reality or emotion given the arbitrariness of a day.
Rick Rescorla|You should be able to strip a man naked and throw him out with nothing on him. By the end of the day, the man should be clothed and fed. By the end of the week, he should own a horse. And by the end of a year he should own a business and have money in the bank.
Pontius Joseph, A Gentleman with a C.SL:A young gentlemen's guide to dating & relationships|Hope. It is the most important thing in the world. I believe that now more than ever. Hope is what saved my life, hope is what gave me the courage and the strength to carry on. Hope – that unshakable, golden belief that things can get better.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Not the “be yourself” line. I loathe that line. As if Myself and Tic have met before and gotten along, so all I have to do is make sure Myself is there this time. So illogical.
Michelle Sagara, Cast in Shadow|This is a Steppes horse. Its speed, power, and endurance unparalleled. Do not let size fool you, Dolt. You do not have to be big to be strong. To be feared.” “But it helps.” “Your shoulders may be wide, but your mind is very small. Like peanut.
Stephen G. Brush, Making 20th Century Science: How Theories Became Knowledge|Um, right, okay. Have you taken any courses in interspatial manipulation? Probably not, huh?”“Can’t say that I have.”“Space-time topology?”“Nope.”“Transdimensional theory?”Rosemary made an apologetic face.“Aww!” said Kizzy, clasping her hands over her heart. “You’re a physics virgin!
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|I hate technology. It provides so many different channels of loneliness. Every time you check your email and don’t see a new message, you know that, even though people have the ability to contact you at any time of the day from anywhere on the planet, no one is interested in doing so. Phones are constant reminders that 160 people you know fairly well have nothing to say to you most of the time.
Sarah Ban Breathnach|Experience declares that man is the only animal which devours his own kind; for I can apply no milder term to the governments of Europe, and to the general prey of the rich on the poor.
Steven Saylor, Roma|In politics, reality and appearance are of equal importance. You cannot attend to one and neglect the other. A man must determine both what he is, and what others believe him to be.
Luigi Pirandello|Whatever is a reality today, whatever you touch and believe in and that seems real for you today, is going to be, like the reality of yesterday, an illusion tomorrow.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|Fear in the absence of knowledge breeds irrationality.We should always seek knowledge, even in the face of fear.
Juliana Hatfield|In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
David Hasselhoff|Being funny, in some ways, is about being connected to psychology.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|the search for meaning is really the search for the lost chord. When the lost chord is discovered by humankind, the discord in the world will be healed and the symphony of the universe will come into complete harmony with itself.
Shehbaz Sharif|A lot of our leadership has become acutely aware of speaking more fairly, of speaking more balanced, of recognizing that hate speech in any form, even if it comes out of emotional anger, is dangerous.
Debasish Mridha|My face was growing hot, but I kept talking. "You're the only one who believes in me most of the time."He shook his head. "You keep us going. Everybody knows that.""But you're the one who keeps me going. You're what I'm fighting for in all this.
Nick Cave|I don't particularly believe all love is doomed. But I guess, one is usually kinda suffering from some aborted love affair or association, rather than being at the peak of one. I think it's fairly obvious that a lot more suffering goes on in the name of love than the little happiness you can squeeze out of it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Although I rail against it, death is the dark demarcation beyond which I am at the mercy of my own end. To the contrary, an empty tomb says that my end is at the mercy of God’s beginning.
Adrienne Bailon|The thing about markets, and I think the thing people don't understand about that, is markets are not kind, but they're very efficient. So when the marketplace determines an inefficiency in the system, it corrects that, and a market system that's left alone will reward good behavior and punish bad behavior.
Tony Campolo|What can you do if they have slapped you with a legal notice? You have to reply. For all you know, they have taken you to jail or something.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|Suddenly William loomed over him, scowling, snarling and bloody, his suit dirt-stained and ripped. “Do you know. How many strands. Of hair I lost. On my way down?”Whatever. “Math was never my thing, but I’m gonna say you lost…a lot.”Electric-blues glittered with menace. “You are a cruel, sadistic bastard. My hair needs TLC and you…you… Damn you! I’ve gutted men for less.”“I know. I’ve watched you.” Paris lumbered to his feet and scanned the rocky bank they stood upon, the crimson ocean lapping and bubbling in every direction. The drawbridge was only a fifty-yard dash away. “Don’t kill the messenger, but I’m thinking you should change your dating profile to balding.”Masculine cheeks went scarlet as the big bad warrior struggled for a comeback.… “One of these days you’re going to wake up,” William finally said, “and I will have shaved you. Everywhere.”“Won’t make a difference. Women will still want me. But you know what else? What I did to you wasn’t cruel, Willy.” He offered the warrior a white-flag grin. A trick. A lie. “This, however, is.”He grabbed William by the wrist, swung the man around and around before at last releasing him and hurling his body directly onto the bridge.
Stephanie  Lennox|All you have to do is put one word after another, and remember how great it feels to be a writer.
T.L. Parker, The Devil's Graveyards|Shadowed beneath his brow bone were cold dark eyes containing secrets and sadness, bitterness and grief.
David Mamet|I think that winning creates chemistry, as opposed to other way around. I've been on a lot of friendly teams that couldn't win, trust me.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Great battles that prevail in actions had been won or lost earlier in thoughts. When the mind resists change, it’s in vain the legs chase it!
Agatha Christie|My motto is more, 'If you want to find something new, look for something new!' There is a certain amount of risk in this attitude, as even the slightest failure tends to be resounding, but you are so happy when you succeed that it is worth taking the risk.
Aditya Ajmera|He hated House members who longed only to run for the Senate, and senators who longed only to run for the presidency. He was appalled by what he felt television had done to the Senate by the mid-fifties. It had become a major launching platform for presidential campaigns. He thought television had ruined the Senate as a serious body. “All they do there is preen and comb their hair and run for President. It’s like a presidential primary over there,
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|We have nothing but our freedom. We have nothing to give you but your own freedom. We have no law but the single principle of mutual aid between individuals. We have no government but the single principle of free association. We have no states, no nations, no presidents, no premiers, no chiefs, no generals, no bosses, no bankers, no landlords, no wages, no charity, no police, no soldiers, no wars. Nor do we have much else. We are sharers, not owners. We are not prosperous. None of us is rich. None of us is powerful. If it is Anarres you want, if it is the future you seek, then I tell you that you must come to it with empty hands. You must come to it alone, and naked, as the child comes into the world, into his future, without any past, without any property, wholly dependent on other people for his life. You cannot take what you have not given, and you must give yourself. You cannot buy the Revolution. You cannot make the Revolution. You can only be the Revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere.
R.A. Salvatore, Siege of Darkness|But what of faith? What of fidelity and loyalty? Complete trust? Faith is not granted by tangible proof. It comes from the heart and the soul. If a person needs proof of god's existence, then the very notion of spirituality is diminished into sensuality and we have reduced what is holy into what is logical.-Drizzt Do'urden
Shannon L. Alder|When you have a plan in your mind of what the best life is for you, but it doesn't match your life, you have pain.
René Magritte|If the dream is a translation of waking life, waking life is also a translation of the dream.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Divorce lawyers stoke anger and fear in their clients, knowing that as long as the conflicts remain unresolved the revenue stream will keep flowing.
Scott Cawthon, Five Nights at Freddy's: The Silver Eyes|The things that had changed seem out of place, and the things that had remained the same made Charlie feel out of place.
Serj Tankian|We believe in freedom, freedom for the people of each country to follow their destiny without external interference.
Anthony Liccione|When water fountains start charging to drink, then you know we have a problem.
Spike Lee|He's my father married to my sister. That makes me his son and his brother-in-law. That is such a moral transgression... I cannot see him. I cannot have a relationship with my father and be morally consistent. I lived with all these adopted children, so they are my family. To say Soon-Yi was not my sister is an insult to all adopted children.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|I can imagine that the oceanic feeling could become connected with religion later on. That feeling of oneness with the universe which is its ideational content sounds very like a first attempt at the consolations of religion, like another way taken by the ego of denying the dangers it sees threatening it in the external world.
David        Mitchell, Back Story|This society doesn't work without booze – our parties aren't good enough, our conversations aren't sufficiently interesting, nor is our self-confidence high enough to sustain our interactions without alcohol. It's everywhere, lubricating everything.
Tan Kok Seng, Son Of Singapore|Pak Suleh recalled the atmosphere on his island of Pulau Sebidang, which had been ruled by his ancestors for more than a hundred years. Now it had been passed to foreign hands—whichever nation from whatever foreign world which had been claiming the island was theirs—such that he and his ancestors who had lived on that island for generation after generation had been chased away to live in these birdhouses. They had now inherited these congested breathing diseases.Why was it that he could no longer enjoy the wind which blows from the sea, which is very much one of God’s incomparable benevolences? He could no longer savour the swaying coconut trees, ketapang trees, beringin trees and other trees which whistled and murmured when caressed by the winds as their dried leaves fell onto the sand, mixed with red and white flowers scattered all over the pristine white beach, resembling the moving clouds on a wide piece of white paper.I have lost everything, thought Pak Suleh deep in his heart.
Debasish Mridha|When we do things with love, we gain the knowledge and wisdom and do it better.
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|There was no way I could be confident! But it was obvious that the patient will die if I don't do something!"-Dr. Honma
E.L. James|Oh... Blip. Yeah, I see." He sounds distracted, awed. "Your child," I whisper."Our child." He counters.
David Amerland, SEO Help: 20 Semantic Search Steps that Will Help Your Business Grow|In many cases you are not buying a product but an “identity enhancer.” Designer labels are primarily collective identities that you buy into. They are expensive and therefore “exclusive.” If everybody could buy them, they would lose their psychological value and all you would be left with would be their material value, which likely amounts to a fraction of what you paid.
Thomas Sankara|An objection was made that judging what had already been done to me, if we proceeded some of us would most certainly be killed. And several others, each in their own language, countered that the way we were living here, the way we were treated, we might as well be dead already, that things couldn't get worse. Things can always get worse, someone yelled from the back, when you reach hell there is always another hell underneath.
S. Walden|Ones there is a demand, it is our obligation to supply the answers, give the right responses for us to fully enjoy life
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|One of the really bad things you can do to your writing is to dress up the vocabulary, looking for long words because you're maybe a little bit ashamed of your short ones. This is like dressing up a household pet in evening clothes. The pet is embarrassed and the person who committed this act of premeditated cuteness should be even more embarrassed.
J. G. Ballard|The path we have chosen for the present is full of hazards, as all paths are. The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.
Neil Gaiman|A cat has absolute emotional honesty: human beings, for one reason or another, may hide their feelings, but a cat does not.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whatever it is in life that is worth attaining, there must be something that is provoking an individual to go for that thing passionately.
Elizabeth D. Marie, Saving Beauty|I don't appreciated how often people hide their scars and doubts. Really, it's not fair to people who are struggling, to go on believing that everyone else just has it totally together and never has one bad thought in their lives.
Melanie Shankle, Sparkly Green Earrings: Catching the Light at Every Turn|there is still a kind of unique loneliness to child rearing for women. We so often do it in isolation. Add to the fact that in our competitive, perfectionist culture, in which the price woman are required to pay for freedom still seems to be martyrdom, almost everyone lies about motherhood. Part of that lying is loyalty - I can't let on that my kid is the only one on the playground who can't read or play the piano - and part of it is self-protection, since we've made hyper-motherhood a measure of female success. The preferred answer to the question "How are you?" is always "Fine," and the answer to the question "How are the kids?" is supposed to be "Great!" That's true even if the accurate answers would be "terrible" and "a mess." I think it produces its own kind of desperation, especially for women, who yearn to be emotionally open.
Robin Sacredfire|Do you deserve it? Do I deserve it? These are questions that don't require an answer because they shouldn't be made. Live life to your will and let others judge the results as they want. They’ll probably never understand, and that's why they are they and not you.
Jason Bateman|Tennis was a white, upper-class sport, and I wanted it to be treated like other sports were.
Isabel Paterson, God of the Machine|This work is not easy, and it never goes smoothly. Because we are hopelessly committed to both individual and group effectiveness, groups committed to public or civic value are rarely permanent. Instead, groups need to acquire a culture that rewards their members for doing that hard work. It takes this kind of group effort to get what we need, not just what we want; understanding how to create and maintain is one of the great challenges of our era.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|Happiness isn’t something you work toward, the same way misery isn’t something you work toward.
Ivana Hruba|Since my trips to Earth, I've only managed to assemble a few basics facts about humans, condensing them in to four, overall points: kids got Reese's, teens got recess, adults got recessions, and seniors got receding.
Mark Twain, On the Decay of the Art of Lying|The worst part was that I had things I wanted to tell my mother, too many to count, but none of them would go down so easy. She'd been through too much, between my siters-I could not add to the weight. So instead, I did my best to balance it out, bit by bit, word by word, story by story, even if none of them were true.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|In my experience, what defines a crime depends on who’s getting screwed.
Darion D'Anjou, Genetika|Your health is probably good if you have just been reinstantiated, and is likely to remain good for some time. Most diseases are curable, and in event of an incurable ailment or injury, a new body may be provided--for a fee. (In the event of your murder, you will be furnished with a new body at the expense of your killer.)
Chris Hadfield|As an actor, to have achieved financial stability is amazing. But I always have this weird fear that I'm not going to get any more work; it's about not having enough money.
Catherine of Siena, The Dialogue of Saint Catherine of Siena|Wherefore they understood the Holy Scripture rather literally than with understanding, and taste only the letter of it, still desiring many other books; and they get not to the marrow of it, because they have deprived themselves of the light, with which is found and expounded the Scripture; and they are annoyed and murmur, because they find much in it that appears to them gross and idiotic. And, nevertheless, they appear to be much illuminated in their knowledge of Scripture, as if they had studied it for long; and this is not remarkable, because they have of course the natural light from whence proceeds science. But because they have lost the supernatural light, infused by grace, they neither see nor know My Goodness, nor the grace of My servants. Wherefore, I saw to thee, that it is much better to go for counsel for the salvation of the soul, to a holy and upright conscience, than to a proud lettered man, learned in much science, because such a one can only offer what he has himself, and, because of his darkness, it may appear to thee, that, from what he says, the Scriptures offer darkness. The contrary wilt thou find with My servants, because they offer the light that is in them, with hunger and desire for the soul's salvation. This I have told thee, my sweetest daughter, that thou mightiest know the perfection of this unitive state, when the eye of the intellect is ravished by the fire of My charity, in which charity it receives the supernatural light. With this light the souls in the unitive state love Me, because love follows the intellect, and the more it knows the more can't it love. Thus the one feeds the other, and, with this light, they both arrive at the Eternal Vision of Me, where they see and taste Me, in Truth, the soul being separated from the body, as I told thee when I spoke to thee of the blissfulness that the soul received in Me. This state is most excellent, when the soul, being yet in the mortal body, tastes bliss with the immortals, and ofttimes she arrives at so great a union that she scarcely knows whether she be in the body or out of it; and tastes the earnest -money of Eternal Life, both because she is united with Me, and because her will is dead in Christ, by which death her union was made with Me, and in no other way could she perfectly have done so. Therefore do they taste life eternal deprived of the hell of their own will, which gives to man the earnest-money of damnation, if he yield to it.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The symptoms of abuse are there, and the woman usually sees them: the escalating frequency of put-downs. Early generosity turning more and more to selfishness. Verbal explosions when he is irritated or when he doesn’t get his way. Her grievances constantly turned around on her, so that everything is her own fault. His growing attitude that he knows what is good for her better than she does. And, in many relationships, a mounting sense of fear or intimidation. But the woman also sees that her partner is a human being who can be caring and affectionate at times, and she loves him. She wants to figure out why he gets so upset, so that she can help him break his pattern of ups and downs. She gets drawn into the complexities of his inner world, trying to uncover clues, moving pieces around in an attempt to solve an elaborate puzzle.
Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture: The Nature and Future of Creativity|Economics itself offers a parallel that explains why this integration affects creativity. Clay Christensen has written about the “Innovator’s Dilemma”: the fact that large traditional firms find it rational to ignore new, breakthrough technologies that compete with their core business. The same analysis could help explain why large, traditional media companies will undermine our tradition of free culture. The property right that is copyright is no longer the balanced right that it was, or was intended to be. The property right that is copyright has become unbalanced, tilted toward an extreme. The opportunity to create and transform becomes weakened in a world in which creation requires permission and creativity must check with a lawyer.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|A new man is like a new toy. Fresh and interesting. Almost intriguing. It's like when you get a new car. Everything is different. The smell, the sound of the horn and seats, and it even ride good for a while. That's what a man is like to me.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|SHE RESEARCHED WHEN everyone slept. In the dead silence, her mind worked with more clarity. No interruptions, no worries. Sometimes she even imagined that her ancestors guided her. That they reached out from the past to share their stories. “Hocus Pocus!” she thought, smiling. Her inside joke was a source of inspiration. But her imagination was not far-fetched.My second cousin, twice removed, is a family historian. She is also a lawyer. And this is why I chose her. I needed her to do me a favor. I chose her, although she is a business lawyer and not a criminal lawyer. That was fine by me. It’s not like my lawyers did a superb job at defending me. I was wrongfully executed.
Auliq Ice|I'm a teenager, and we mess up sometimes.
Queen Victoria|I won't have a traditional marriage; I don't find the value in that anymore. But I am such a hopeless romantic and I really want love and I want a committed relationship, so I am going to reinvent marriage for myself.
Elizabeth Ironside|People respond more to the authority of status, than the authority of truth.
Auliq-Ice|When it comes to learning, there are no boundaries and restrictions literally; all you have to do is to start it where you are.
Lita Burke, Tredan's Bane|You don’t have to bewitch me, Aiden. I like you already.
Andy Biersack|I don't think I'm a good ol' boy. Honestly, the last thing I am is a redneck. I like silk sheets, fancy cars, beautiful women, good whiskey.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|While fame impedes and constricts, obscurity wraps about a man like a mist; obscurity is dark, ample, and free; obscurity lets the mind take its way unimpeded. Over the obscure man is poured the merciful suffusion of darkness. None knows where he goes or comes. He may seek the truth and speak it; he alone is free; he alone is truthful, he alone is at peace.
Tara Estacaan|Beautiful Oneyou'll graspone dayjust how sufficientand goodyou are as you are. Title: SUFFICIENT, Tara Estacaan
Eric Robert Morse, Juggernaut: Why The System Crushes The Only People Who Can Save It|Antiliberals endlessly berate their enemies for "instrumental thinking." But they do not clearly explain the evil of producing better goods at a lower cost.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|I’ve often thought that people with severe depression have developed such a well for experiencing extreme emotion that they might be able to experience extreme joy in a way that “normal” people also might never understand, and that’s what FURIOUSLY HAPPY is all about.
Kshanasurya|Her Smile, The Sole Reason I want to Live !
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|My gosh, I love food. If I wasn’t an actor, I could be a completely different body shape right now.
Jim Harrison|Trying to teach creativity is the major hoax of our time along with the Iraq war and plastic surgery" ~ Snarky comment of Clive from "The River Swimmer" (pg 47)
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|The houses looked like something a child might draw, a row of shaky squares with triangles on top. Add a door, add two windows. Think of putting a tree in the front yard, and then decide against it because branches aren't worth the trouble.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|The beauty of truth is that it need not be proclaimed or believed. It skips from soul to soul, changing form each time it touches, but it is what it is, I have seen it, and someday you will, too.
Richard Ronald Allan, Exit Eleonora|If I could make people feel, just for a day or an hour, what it’s like to love with infiniteness, then they would be animals no longer, but some greater creature, deserving of that title human. I’ve bettered a day though. On earth, they will have it thus: from birth to unavoidable death, a man is pumped so full of love that his eyes bleed rainbows and his mouth a barrel of miracles. His hands will heal then make monuments to commemorate it; they’ll press tight and pray for no man, no god but himself; and his mind… his mind will shower like spring rains. He will steal away from the shadow of ambition. He’ll be his own sun and light up the world with new marvels – be they art, philosophies, science – and in his brightness put the mundane, not himself, in shadows, and how rightfully. Each a captain and a maker, a mark-setter and stealer of shows... Earth’s skies will clap with the thunder of our majesty, not with violence, doubt, confusion, futility, and monotony; anything – anything – but the dull drone of duplication and robo-behaviour.
R.A.Delmonico|On the other hand, activist Christians who talk much about justice promote a notion of justice that envisions a society in which faith in God is rendered quite unnecessary, since everybody already believes in peace and justice even when everybody does not believe in God.
Anam Iqbal, The Whyte Divide|She was floating in the midst of a black sea, in the darkest of nights, with no hope or care to see light again. She was a mere wave away from drowning in blackness.
Archibald Hill|Many of the artists who have represented Negro life have seen only the comic, ludicrous side of it, and have lacked sympathy with and appreciation for the warm big heart that dwells within such a rough exterior.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|If you want to encourage your spiritual leaders (and their wives!) let them know you are praying for them. Ask them periodically for any specific prayer requests and assure them you will pray accordingly. Use the following prayer guide with accompanying scriptures, to suggest practical ways to pray for those who provide spiritual leadership for the flock.
L.H. Cosway, Tegan's Blood|It turns out that when there is some conspicuous gap or contradiction at the center of someone's existence, there is probably a very specific, obvious reason for it, and the reason you're avoiding confronting it directly is that it's something you don't want to know.
Tamara Ireland Stone, Every Last Word|After you leftI stared at the drivewayFeeling its emptinessWondering if you’d return.After you leftI thought about your questionsWishing I hadn’t been so bluntWondering if I scared you away.After you leftI remembered how you felt in my arms.How you fit so perfectly there. Like my guitar.Wondering if I should have kissed you when I had the chance.After you leftI sat in my roomRemembering all the things you said, andWondering about all the things you didn’t.After you leftI sat in silence.Missing you in a way I didn’t quite understand.Wondering if you’d ever come back.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The war consciousness is purposely cultivated to guide the male away from the natural, healthy balances between masculine and feminine energies, and toward more unbalanced and detached psychologies.
Bianca Nogrady, The End: The Human Experience Of Death|I was watching when the Enforcers arrived. I saw them go into Rosa’s. There were so many I’d never have gotten close enough to do anything. I could hear them talking about what they’d do to you as they went in and I thought I’d lost you.” His palm presses against my cheek, stroking away stray strands of hair, “Eve, I’ve never been so scared. The thought that I’d never get to see you again, to apologise for the way I treated you, I couldn’t bear it. When they dragged you out I was so relieved, knowing that I had a chance to get you back.” He squeezes me tightly against his body as he admits, “I can’t lose you Eve. Them taking you made everything so clear. I love you and I thought I wasn’t going to get the chance to prove how much. I couldn’t let that happen.
Al   Stone, Talisman Of El|It doesn’t hurt much. I don’t know how it looks” – he lowered his hand and turned his face to the side – “but it can’t be that bad. What do you think? You’d date me, right?”Alex pushed him away, grinning. “You’re an idiot.
Jay Woodman|Who put the S in comic to make cosmic? / The Self, which is the self of all beings - / choosing to disguise from themselves / that everything is just a game. // With a laugh we could turn / from all the seriousness we learned / and connect with every atom to create / breathtaking beauty with graceful ease.
Vernor Vinge|Science rests on reason and experiment, and can meet an opponent with calmness; but a belief is always sensitive.
Christopher Hitchens, Arguably: Selected Essays|[Chief White Halfoat:] Racial prejudice is a terrible thing, Yossarian. It really is. It's a terrible thing to treat a decent, loyal Indian like a nigger, kike, wop, or spic.
Kayla Krantz, When Night Falls: A Collection of Short Stories and Poems|I want to feel the rush of death, the high of utter nothingness, the fragility of my own mortality. Let it slip through my fingers like sand and when it's gone for good, I'll be none the wiser.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Holy Spirit can rejuvenate a tired Christian, captivate an indifferent believer, and empower a dry church.
Hazel Cartwright, Emerald Eyes of The Sea|When You See Millions of the Mouthless Dead"When you see millions of the mouthless deadAcross your dreams in pale battalions go,Say not soft things as other men have said,That you'll remember. For you need not so.Give them not praise. For, deaf, how should they knowIt is not curses heaped on each gashed head?Nor tears. Their blind eyes see not your tears flow.Nor honour. It is easy to be dead.Say only this, "They are dead." Then add thereto,"Yet many a better one has died before."Then, scanning all the o'ercrowded mass, should youPerceive one face that you loved heretofore,It is a spook. None wears the face you knew.Great death has made all his for evermore.
Emily Skrutskie, The Abyss Surrounds Us|Our lives, our stories, flowed into one another's, were no longer our own, individual, discrete.
William "Billy" Packer|I'm tired of being scared, and I know you are too. Not that there isn't alot to be scared of in this world today, between the non-stop headlines about wars and nuclear power plants and terrorists and assasinations and civil unrest and economic uncertainty and political doublespeak and insane weather and an environment that's becoming unhealthier by the day. But a point comes when it's too much to deal with, and thinking about it accomplishes nothing more than sending you to bed with a cold cloth on your head.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you start with thanksgiving, you will always end with praise. Be thankful, it grows.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The return of solitude was not quite as Dina expected it to be. These many years I made a virtue of inescapable reality, she thought, calling it peace and quiet.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari|Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.
Chris Burkmenn|Greatness comes from the inside and once you believe you have it, it's yours to share with the world.
Edward Johnston|A man who don't know history, he don't know anything.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Therefore, my brothers, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you.Acts 13:38
Mark Skousen|Thinking ahead, in 2013, the Japanese government, together with pharmaceutical companies and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, established a fund for promoting research and development of medical products for neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). The importance of planning for disease outbreaks was made clear with the Ebola virus.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Although we amplify our cognitive degree of awareness and enhance our appreciation for life experiences by maturing, it also brings us death. Facing a certain death forces a person to examine the worthiness of continuing to live.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|That was their way, their heathenish hope; deep in their hearts they remembered hell.
Anthony T. Hincks|Each of us has no peers, because each of us is unique in who we are and what we have experienced.Anyone who tells you otherwise has quite obviously not met any of their peers either!
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|I made up three lists: Candidate's Accomplishments (real and imaginary), Accusations Against Opponent (including rumours, allegations, innuendos, and lies), and Empty Promises (the more improbable, the better). Then it was merely a matter of taking various combinations of items from the three lists, throwing in some bombast, tossing in a few local references, and, there it was - a brand new speech.
Sasha Alsberg, Zenith Part 1|The expanse of space stretched out before them, causing Andi's eyelids to droop against her will. Before she knew it, darkness had claimed her.
Ralph Vaughan Williams|Some guy hit my fender the other day  and I said unto him  "Be fruitful  and multiply." But not in those words.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|People often say that humans have always eaten animals, as if this is a justification for continuing the practice. According to this logic, we should not try to prevent people from murdering other people, since this has also been done since the earliest of times.
Kathryn Lasky, The Capture|Flutter like a hummingbird, Dive like an eagle, Ain't no bird that's my equal. - Twilight
Royal Cromwell|Each nugget of information was fascinating. The world was full of new-found marvels and he wanted to share the excitement with everybody. They all did. They had a certain sense. It wasn't a sense of ennui or cynicism. It was . . . A sense of wonder.That was it. A sense of wonder, in the fine old original meaning of the word. They wondered at their world. Because when you did that, everything was wonder-full.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Faith implies four things: self-renunciation, reliance with utter confidence on Christ, obedience, and a changed life.
Eugene H. Peterson, The Contemplative Pastor: Returning to the Art of Spiritual Direction|Then I fell at his feet and thought, Surely this is the hour of death, for the Lion (who is worthy of all honour) will know that I have served Tash all my days and not him. Nevertheless, it is better to see the Lion and die than to be Tisroc of the world and live and not to have seen him. But the Glorious One bent down his golden head and touched my forehead with his tongue and said, Son, thou art welcome. But I said, Alas Lord, I am no son of thine but the servant of Tash. He answered, Child, all the service thou hast done to Tash, I account as service done to me. Then by reasons of my great desire for wisdom and understanding, I overcame my fear and questioned the Glorious One and said, Lord, is it then true, as the Ape said, that thou and Tash are one? The Lion growled so that the earth shook (but his wrath was not against me) and said, It is false. Not because he and I are one, but because we are opposites, I take to me the services which thou hast done to him. For I and he are of such different kinds that no service which is vile can be done to me, and none which is not vile can be done to him. Therefore if any man swear by Tash and keep his oath for the oath’s sake, it is by me that he has truly sworn, though he know it not, and it is I who reward him. And if any man do a cruelty in my name, then, though he says the name Aslan, it is Tash whom he serves and by Tash his deed is accepted. Dost thou understand, Child? I said, Lord, though knowest how much I understand. But I said also (for the truth constrained me), Yet I have been seeking Tash all my days. Beloved, said the Glorious One, unless thy desire had been for me thou wouldst not have sought so long and so truly. For all find what they truly seek.
Laurie Cass|Once you take the cat out of the bag, you can't cram it back in.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|He leaned down, far enough that the dark ends of his hair brushed feather-light against her face, caught in her lashes, She had just enough time to take in a breath, to blink, to part her lips before he took them with his own. Time froze. Her heart ceased to beat. Her eyes fluttered shut.The cool slip of the small metal loop pressed into her skin as he kissed her. Urgent.Gentle.So slow.Sweet, soft demolition.He tasted of cloves and coffee. And of something else. A farawat essence, familiar and yet somehow foreign, too. Something sere and arid. A little like some. A little like decayAsh.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|It's some twisted, limited, grocery-store mentality, where people have to be dairy products or vegetables or frozen foods for us to be able to understand them and feel safe. Maybe we've just become such mega-consumers that we can't deal with anything that's slightly inconvenient (basically, anything that requires thought). I was the tofu amidst the Baking Products and Cleaning Supplies." (pg. 71)
Katherine Marsh, Jepp, Who Defied the Stars|You can not be the judge of another's wishes. If you love someone, you must believe that they know what is best for themselves.
Shirin Neshat|Filmmaking, like any other art, is a very profound means of human communication; beyond the professional pleasure of succeeding or the pain of failing, you do want your film to be seen, to communicate itself to other people.
Anthony Liccione|We watch the sky, we watch it alive and we watch it die, looking for signs. We live like wind, with hope in wings that we will get there, never sooner or never later, but at a right time.
Francesca Lia Block, Girl Goddess #9: Nine Stories|I will go to campus alone dressed in antique silk slips and beat-up cowboy boots and gypsy beads, and I will study poetry. I will sit on the edge of the fountain in the plaza and write.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Anything can happen. But almost always, just normal things happen and people have happy lives.
C.J. Roberts|Feel free to scream, whisper, and everything in between. I want to hear it all.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, The Boy Most Likely To|Maybe thinking any one person can show up and give you all you need is as much of a delusion as thinking you can find truth in a bottle. Maybe you can just find what you need in little pieces, in people who show up for one crucial moment - or a whole chain of them - even if they cant solve it all.
N. Stephan Kinsella|When politics and home life have become one and the same, when economic problems have been solved in such a way that individual and collective interests are identical – all constraints having disappeared – it is evident that we will be in a state of total liverty or anarchy.
Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom|Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Creating a company culture is the first operational step in becoming a bold, brave fempreneur. It creates certainty, a road map and stability.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|Explaining the unknown should be left to science, questions of good and bad behavior can be answered by ethics, and inspiration is often found in the arts. There’s no longer a need for the social construct of religion.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a ship is strong, the ocean's tides do not trouble it.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|It felt strange to call them directly, to hear her father’s “Hello?” after the second ring, and when he heard her voice, he raised his, almost shouting, as he always did with international calls. Her mother liked to take the phone out to the verandah, to make sure the neighbors overheard: “Ifem, how is the weather in America?
Erik Pevernagie|What a wonderful world it could be, when spiritual factions would choose to read sacred writings as colorful metaphors and not as bloody declarations of war. (“Is heaven a place in the sky?”)
Dhaval Gajera, MAKE IT HAPPEN: with 30 greatest life lessons|When I don’t take action in spite of doubt and fear, I lose 100%.
Robert Downey, Jr.|If you want to go to the mall, you have to take security. But it's always cool. The kids are amazing.
Britt Merrick|Marriage is not comfortable and harmonious. Rather it is a place of individuation where a person rubs up against oneself and against the partner, bumps up against the person in love and in rejection, and in this fashion learns to know oneself, the world, good and evil, the heights and the depths.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|We cannot know love if we remain unable to surrender our attachment to power, if any feeling of vulnerability strikes terror in our hearts. Lovelessness torments.
John Bytheway|I'm trying to stay as calm as possible and focus one day at a time, but when reality sets in, I feel everything: anxiety, excitement, nerves, pressure and joy.
Steven Pinker|Technology, ideology, and social and cultural changes periodically throw out new forms of violence for humanity to contend with.
Mensah Oteh|See yourself through your mind’s eye being who you want to be, having what you want to have, and doing what you want to do.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|For I am aware what ability is requisite to persuade the proud how great is the virtue of humility, which raises us, not by a quite human arrogance, but by a divine grace, above all earthly dignities that totter on this shifting scene.
Kent Nerburn, Neither Wolf nor Dog: On Forgotten Roads with an Indian Elder|that we die, our very humanity slayed, whenever we choose to remain silent in the face of tyranny.
Unarine Ramaru|There was nothing in life harder or more important than agreeing every morning to stay the course, to go back to your forgotten self of so many years ago, and to make the same decision.
Sherwood Smith, The Trouble with Kings|The truth is, it is the younger inexperience gangsters who often cut down the older original gangsters. The best way for this young thug to prove himself to others, is to simply cut down an established gangster. Thus, this cruel cycle of senseless violence repeats itself, with the younger being more vicious and rootless than his predecessor. It’s the dog, who kills the lion, and once he has killed the lion, he’s no longer a dog; he’s now a lion himself.
Ruth Reichl, Garlic and Sapphires: The Secret Life of a Critic in Disguise|A thousand years ago the Chinese had an entirely codified kitchen while the French were still gnawing on bones. Chopsticks have been around since the fourth century B.C. Forks didn't show up in England until 1611, and even then they weren't meant for eating but just to hold the meat still while you hacked at it with your knife.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small Town Life|There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|There may be arrogance – and the laziness of someone who is indefatigable when doing what he enjoys, but only when doing that.
George Leigh Mallory|Money is only a vehicle that provides you with options, and I say there's only one thing that money can't buy - poverty.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|By 1989, the total number of Vietnam veterans who had died in violent accidents or by suicide after the war exceeded the total number of American soldiers who died during the war.
John Fowles, The Magus|When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile:)
Susan Forward, When Your Lover Is a Liar: Healing the Wounds of Deception and Betrayal|When your lover is a liar, you and he have a lot in common, you're both lying to you!
Vinoba Bhave|A drunkard in the gutter is just where he ought to be, according to the fitness and tendency of things. Nature has set upon him the process of decline and dissolution by which she removes things which have survived their usefulness.
Arnold H. Glasow|How can families harm us when they love us? Very easily, unfortunately. Most of us overlook one important fact when we think love is enough: Love and respect aren't the same thing.Love is fusion. As a baby, you belong to your parents, you're extension of them. Respect is differentiation: you belong to yourself, and you're an extension of no one. Differentiation is essential for happiness of adults.
Mehek Bassi|Why, it would be such fun,' he chuckled, 'to just forget all about the hours when the sun didn't shine, and remember only the nice, pleasant ones.
M83|Autumn leaves under frozen soles,Hungry hands turning soft and old,My hero cried as we stood out their in the cold,Like these autumn leaves I don't have nothing to holdAutumn leaves how faded now,that smile that i've lost, well i've found some how,Because you still live on in my fathers eyes,These autumn leaves, oh these autumn leaves, oh these autumn leaves are yours tonight.
Jacqueline E. Smith, After Death|I could have sworn I just heard him thinking about the proposal he had planned. Red roses and champagne waiting at the restaurant, but maybe I imagined it.”I frowned in turn. “You could read his thoughts?”“It is probably just my imagination running away with me. I’m so freaked out that I plucked the idea from my own head. I’m not a mind reader.”“Well, it is easy enough to test. Try to concentrate on me and tell me what I’m thinking.”Finally, Nessa’s eyes lit up and met mine. Amused, she quirked a smile at me. “Really, Cora, that’s lame. I love fluffy bunnies, is not what I expected.
John Cage, I-VI: Methodstructureintentiondisciplinenotationindeterminacy Interpenetrationimitationdevotioncircumstancesvariablestruct Nonunderstandingcontingencyinconsistencyperformance|Time for reflection and interaction is a casualty of the digital age, and one of the primary goals of higher education should be to reclaim this time.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|In his business, he observed human nature and came to certain conclusions about it. The conclusions lacked wisdom and originality; in fact, they were tiresome. But they were important to McGarrity because he had figured them out for himself. In the first years of their marriage, he had tried to tell Mae about these conclusions, but all she said was, "I can imagine." Sometimes she varied by saying, "I can just imagine." Gradually then, because he could not share his inner self with her, he lost the power of being a husband to her, and she was unfaithful to him.
Annie Leibovitz|He took twelve pictures that day.Within a few days he showed me the contact sheet. "This one has the magic," he said. When I look at it now, I never see me. I see us.
John Marsden, A Killing Frost|I lay there with my mind running amuck, on the brink of madness. And somehow, gradually, early Sunday morning, I became calm. I can't think of any other word for it. I was thinking about the beach poem again, and I started to feel that I was being looked after, that everything was OK. It was strange: if there was ever a time in my life when I had the right to feel alone this was it. But I lost that sense of loneliness. I felt like there was a force in the room with me, not a person, but I had a sense that there was another world, another dimension, and it would be looking after me. It was like, "This isn't the only world, this is just one aspect of the whole thing, don't imagine this is all there is.
Margaret Atwood|On paper, being good sounds great but a lot depends on the atmosphere of the workplace or community we live in. We tend to become good or bad depending on the cues sent out within a particular space.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I grow up relying upon on my own shoulders even from the moment they were too weak to hold me back, but I knew it is the only to become a tough guy.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must, first of all, evolve the consciousness of being the best in whatever territory you choose to explore and then invest all your time into it and you will be amazed how easy it is to become great.
Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love|Better a fallen rocket than never a burst of light. Dante reserved a place in his Inferno for those who wilfully live in sadness - sullen in the sweet air, he says. Your 'honour' is all shame and timidity and compliance. Pure of stain! But the artist is the secret criminal in our midst. He is the agent of progress against authority. you are right to be a scholar. A scholar is all scruple, an artist is none. The artist must lie, cheat, deceive, be untrue to nature and contemptuous of history. I made my life into my art and it was an unqualified success. The blaze of my immolation threw its light into every corner of the land where uncounted young men sat each in his own darkness. What would I have done in Megara!? - think what I would have missed! I awoke the imagination of the century. I banged Ruskin's and Pater's heads together, and from the moral severity of one and the aesthetic soul of the other I made art a philosophy that can look the twentieth century in the eye. I had genius, brilliancy, daring, I took charge of my own myth. I dipped my staff into the comb of wild honey. I tasted forbidden sweetness and drank the stolen waters. I lived at the turning point of the world where everything was waking up new - the New Drama, the New Novel, New Journalism, New Hedonism, New Paganism, even the New Woman. Where were you when all this was happening?
Edward McKendree Bounds|Today we often think that before we start living a religious life we have first to accept the creedal doctrines and that before one can have any comprehension of the loyalty and trust of faith, one must first force one's mind to accept a host of incomprehensible doctrines. But this is to put the cart before the horse.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Someone had to do something sometime. Every victim was a culprit, every culprit a victim, and somebody had to stand up sometime to try to break the lousy chain of inherited habit that was imperiling them all.
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|I think I just said it, but I think it’s worth repeating. They gave me hope that there is good in the world out there. There really is. It really does exist. Regardless of how bad things can be, and how down on your luck you can be, or how bad your trust is broken when it comes to warming up to people and all that stuff, I know that there’s people out there that genuinely wanna help. Putting yourself in that position is a huge step, and it’s a very risky and fragile step, but it’s also a step that needs to be taken because there is help. And you can get through something like this. You really can. - Jim, from "To the Survivors
Barbara Brooke|The attraction of reading is that it allows you to live, for a few hours, as someone else—grants you access to their head, their thoughts, their secrets.
Stephen Hawking|Without ethics, man has no future. This is to say, mankind without them cannot be itself. Ethics determine choices and actions and suggest difficult priorities.
Emma Woolf, The Ministry of Thin|It pleased him to see that things, and not only people, suffered the wear and tear of age. [53 yr old Inspector Bordelli's view]
Holbrook Jackson|A good book is always on tap; it may be decanted and drunk a hundred times, and it is still there for further imbibement. 
C.J. Milbrandt, On Your Marks: The Adventure Begins|Let your boys test their wings. They may not be eagles, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't soar free.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan|When public men indulge themselves in abuse, when they deny others a fair trial, when they resort to innuendo and insinuation, to libel, scandal, and suspicion, then our democratic society is outraged, and democracy is baffled.
Norman Vincent Peale|When you affirm big, believe big and pray big, putting faith into action, big things happen.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|If you hear a song that makes you cry and you don't want to cry anymore, you don't listen to that song anymore. But you can't get away from yourself. You can't decide not to see yourself anymore. You can't decide to turn off the noise in your head.
Christopher Morley, Inward, Ho!|A wise old owl once told me,One time when he was out of his tree,That nothing in this world is for free.I agree!
Steven William Lawrie, Achet-Aten, or 1:1.618|{...} It is hieroglyphic that will last, not stone heads. The future belongs to the word, not the image.(The mason Mutsose, in Achet-Aten).
Hasil Paudyal, Blended Words|Give me another Chance Then, You will Get Less than I Gain...
Martin Luther King Jr.|But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough, can you see the stars.
Manmohan Singh|We are a coalition government, and that limits our options in some ways. Privatization happens to be one such area.
W.C. Heinz|I have known many who led their fighters to titles, and some who took them right to the end of the rainbow. I have found, however, that destiny controls the passes to these places, and I keep telling myself, trying to believe it, that it is not important, really, how far you go but how you make the trip.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have to do the work, it well.
Michael Graves|It was always my goal to 'up the ante' on good design, and I've devoted much of my career to this.
Upanishad|Who sees the many and not the one, wanders on from death to death.Even by the mind this truth is to be learned: there are not many but only one. Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|Theology is not a private subject for theologians only. Nor is it a private subject for professors. Fortunately, there have always been pastors who have understood more about theology than most professors. Nor is theology a private subject of study for pastors. Fortunately, there have repeatedly been congregation members, and often whole congregations, who have pursued theology energetically while their pastors were theological infants or barbarians. Theology is a matter for the Church.
Robin Sacredfire|The wider our conscience, the wider the impact of our actions, and I do believe someone with more light has the moral duty to enlighten others.
Sunday Adelaja|People and nations cannot be happy, if they do not acknowledge the Lordship of Jesus Christ
Kaine Andrews|He led them around the base of a great fallen tree whose exposed roots resembled more than anything else a huge broom - a broom that would have fired the imagination of Rachel the Dragon toward heroic, legendary feats of sweeping.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|Is it the smoke?' the boy said, shivering slightly. 'I've never touched the stuff, myself, but how it claws at one...like a thorn in every one of your fingers, and a string around your heart...and one fees it always. Nagging. Nagging.
Burt Rutan|The photographs of space taken by our astronauts have been published all over the place. But the eye is a much more dynamic mechanism than any camera or pictures. It's a more exciting view in person than looking at the photographs. Of course, I personally am sick and tired of hearing people talk like that: I want to see it myself!
John Mark Reynolds, The Great Books Reader: Excerpts and Essays on the Most Influential Books in Western Civilization|It happens to us all. We drink too much, take one too many hits of acid, proposition the wrong prostitute and end up by the side of some freeway, disheveled and disoriented.
John  French|The world goes quiet and warm.I am dying, he thinks, I have failed and there will be nothing left, nothing but ash and hungering darkness.Something within him dims, fluttering to nothing like a flame fading to cold embers.He tries to raise his sword.He is falling…He was…… running the ashes of a dead world through his fingers.
Jeanine Joy, Harness the Power of Resilience: Be Ready for Life|Negative thinking, by definition, is in opposition to goals and positive motion forward.
Edward Albee|Good writers define reality; bad ones merely restate it. A good writer turns fact into truth; a bad writer will, more often than not, accomplish the opposite.
Walter Van Tilburg Clark|My larger point is that since each of us struggles daily with good and bad impulses, we might want to restructure our social institutions in order to make it a little easier to be good.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|An asteroid or a supervolcano could certainly destroy us, but we also face risks the dinosaurs never saw: An engineered virus, nuclear war, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us.
Rev. Kellen Roggenbuck|It's helpful to remember that God doesn't belong to Christians, Jews, Muslims or anyone. We belong to God, not the other way around.
Stacey Kade, Queen of the Dead|Fine. You don’t want to be good enough for me, then you will never be. I deserve someone who wants to be what I need.
Kylie Scott, Play|It is. I’m your boyfriend now, whichmeans there’s no room for your hipster admirer. He’ll just have to lick his wounds while we lick other things.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|The more serious about gardening I became, the more dubious lawns seemed. The problem for me was not, as it was for my father, the relation to my neighbors that a lawn implied; it was the lawn’s relationship to nature. For however democratic a lawn may be with respect to one’s neighbors, with respect to nature it is authoritarian. Under the mower’s brutal indiscriminate rotor, the landscape is subdued, homogenized, dominated utterly. I became convinced that lawn care had about as much to do with gardening as floor waxing, or road paving. Gardening was a subtle process of give and take with the landscape, a search for some middle ground between culture and nature. A lawn was nature under culture’s boot.Mowing the lawn, I felt like I was battling the earth rather than working it; each week it sent forth a green army and each week I beat it back with my infernal machine. Unlike every other plant in my garden, the grasses were anonymous, massified, deprived of any change or development whatsoever, not to mention any semblance of self-determination. I ruled a totalitarian landscape.Hot monotonous hours behind the mower gave rise to existential speculations. I spent part of one afternoon trying to decide who, in the absurdist drama of lawn mowing, was Sisyphus. Me? A case could certainly be made. Or was it the grass, pushing up through the soil every week, one layer of cells at a time, only to be cut down and then, perversely, encouraged (with fertilizer, lime, etc.) to start the whole doomed process over again? Another day it occurred to me that time as we know it doesn’t exist in the lawn, since grass never dies or is allowed to flower and set seed. Lawns are nature purged of sex and death. No wonder Americans like them so much.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|History shows that where ethics and economics come in conflict, victory is always with economics. Vested interests have never been known to have willingly divested themselves unless there was sufficient force to compel them.
Kurt Bills|A high-powered, successful woman doesn't necessarily have the same support behind her that a man in that position would. Plus, she's expected to be a domestic goddess, as well as the best wife, mother, friend, and lover. But it's not just in politics: you see it in acting, too, and in journalism.
Gabriel García Márquez|Not how he died, not what he died of, even less why he died, are of concern, to me, only the fact that he did die, he is dead, is important: the loss to me, to us
Osamu Dazai, Schoolgirl|I really think I'd be better at, like, advanced napping techniques.
Søren Kierkegaard|I am not a slow writer, I am not a fast writer . . . I am a half-fast writer.
honeya|In the property division splitting couples go through, the allocation of friends must surely be the most painful.
Joe Mantello|Whether it's raising the minimum wage, fixing our broken immigration system or supporting an economic climate that gives our businesses that chance to succeed, I hope to continue to fight these important battles on behalf of my constituents.
David R. Wommack|Adoption is a wonderful way of becoming a family. If being a biological parent is any better or more rewarding than being an adoptive parent, I really don't think I could stand it!
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|However much or little I had written, on a subsequent reading it always seemed so fundamentally flawed that I had to destroy it immediately and begin again.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Every great building once begun as a building plan. That means, sitting in that building plan on the table is a mighty structure not yet seen.It is the same with dreams.
Rebecca Donovan|People change. I mean you barely know who you are when you enter, and you spend that time figuring out what you want from life, and who you want in it. The next thing you know, the people you always thought would be there, aren't. A nd the person you thought you could trust with everything, isn't the person you ever knew at all.
Ralph W. Sockman|What I found out on Christmas Day 1984, through biochemical evidence, was that telomeres could be lengthened by the enzyme we called telomerase, which keeps the telomeres from wearing down. After I found that out, I went home and put on Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the USA,' which was just out, and I danced and danced and danced.
Scott Stabile|We are all many things. Sometimes people get used to us being the one thing they most expect from us, and they don't know how to handle the other many things we are and have to offer. This is not our limitation to own. Let's be whatever many things our heart calls us to be. There's not a lot of consistency in freedom, aside from fluid movement among the many things we are. And that's a mighty beautiful thing.
Satchel Paige|There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it.
Anne Perry, Belgrave Square|She was clothed entirely in two large swatches of leather, the leather fake and shiny in a self-mocking way, absolutely correct for 1993, the first year when mocking the mainstream had become the mainstream.
Kate Willis, The Twin Arrows|Singing rose up from the convent, filling the woods with a peaceful echo that tried to penetrate her heart and smooth her features; but nothing could ease the pain of saying goodbye.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|During those snowy New England winters, besides learning to rise at five to study calculus and trudge two miles through the drifts for breakfast down the road, he had suppressed some tremendous element in himself that took form in a prudish virginity. While his life was impeccable on the surface, he felt he was behind glass: moving through the world in a separate compartment, touching no one else.
Jasmina Tešanović, The Diary of a Political Idiot: Normal Life in Belgrade|Now I am writing this diary in English, which for me is not the language of intimacy or love, but an attempt at distance and sanity, a means of recalling normality.
Beyonce Knowles|I don't want to be the cliche American Idol dude. I want to be different, you know - that's the whole goal, me and music. It's about being yourself and being unique.
H. L. Balcomb|Think of you today how am i and where you belong need to understand meant to do. "Who cares your like might be exemption for me my worked well done. Love?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Laughing in the face of danger doesn't negate the fear, it simply enables you to smile at it.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|He sent it flying at full speed. It jumped six times as well, sending ripples across the sea. The small splashes of foam turned into miniature rainbows as they caught the light of the evening sun setting behind the clouds.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|My pain builds like storm clouds―massive, dark, and heavy with teardrops. Moisture falls torrential as if my world is a violent, eternal downpour; however, at long last the source runs dry and the bitter storm does cease. Blue skies dare to glow where the gloom has dissipated. I breathe it in, hoping to cleanse my inner soul. A laden heart tells me the truth: the clear sky is an illusion. Old pain rushes back like a flood, providing means for clouds to form and expand once again until it is too much to bear and the heaviness turns to rain. I cannot find refuge from this woe. It is my never-ending heartache.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|I needed to channel the darkness that ran through my veins and embrace it. To play this game better than this man ever could have predicted. After all, I’d only been with him twice, and already I could see his weakness. His weakness was me.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|One did not drink sherry before the evening, just as one did not read a novel in the morning.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I've come to believe that there exists in the universe something I call "The Physics of The Quest" — a force of nature governed by laws as real as the laws of gravity or momentum. And the rule of Quest Physics maybe goes like this: "If you are brave enough to leave behind everything familiar and comforting (which can be anything from your house to your bitter old resentments) and set out on a truth-seeking journey (either externally or internally), and if you are truly willing to regard everything that happens to you on that journey as a clue, and if you accept everyone you meet along the way as a teacher, and if you are prepared – most of all – to face (and forgive) some very difficult realities about yourself... then truth will not be withheld from you." Or so I've come to believe.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Law is for everyone, justice is for few.
Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar II|I've been thinking about the distorted view of science that prevails in our culture. I've been wondering about this, because our civilization is completely dependent on science and high technology, yet most of us are alienated from science.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|I began to feel that all the people I'd ever known who had died or left me had not in fact gone away, but continued to live on inside me just as this man's wife lived on inside him.
Dean Ornish|With everything that you can imagine at our fingertips, many of the social interactions that help tie people together in a community have faded away. Are communities traditionally built on relationships, trust and familiarity a thing of the past?
Mehmet Murat ildan|This is the kind of paradox, I think, of what it is to be a halfway intelligent American right now, and probably also a Western European, is that there are things we know are right, and good, and would be better for us to do, but constantly it's like "Yeah, but, you know, it's so much funnier and nicer to go do something else." and "Who cares?" and "It's all bullshit anyway.
Nick Lane, Life Ascending: The Ten Great Inventions of Evolution|DeathIf he is a good man, death will be a release;If he is a bad one, it will release others from him.
Debra Cowan|Damn, she was getting so tangled up by guilt and desire. ~Nikki in Texas Tangle
E.C. Bentley, Trent's Last Case|Mr. Cupples came out of his reverie. "I think," he said, "I will have milk and soda-water." "Speak lower!" urged Trent. "The head-waiter has a weak heart, and he might hear you.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|I knew immediately something was terribly wrong, but you can know that and not allow the thought in your head, at the front of your head. It dances around at the back, where it can't be controlled. But the front of the head is where the pain begins.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|People make themselves unhappy by desiring and praising only one thing, by becoming too one-sided in trying to find contentment. If we were just in harmony with ourselves we would enjoy the things of this world much more. But when we have an inordinate amount of desires and aspirations, we only listen to them, we are incapable of understanding the essential innocence of things outside ourselves. Unfortunately, we often term those things important that are the objects of our emotions, and those things that have no relation to our desires are called unimportant; however, many times it is exactly the opposite.
Weike Wang, Chemistry|An atom is mostly made up of empty space. If you remove the empty space from every atom, the entire world's human population could fit inside a sugar cube.
Debasish Mridha|Let kindness be the flower of your heart and fragrance of your mind. Let it fill the world with peace, joy and the fragrance of kindness.
Amit Kalantri|There is enough knowledge in the books to explain the existing, your knowledge must inspire what is possible.
Lorraine Hansberry|I'm just tired of hearing about God all the time. What has He got to do with anything?... I'm not going to be immoral or commit crimes because I don't believe. I don't even think about that. I just get so tired of Him getting the credit for things the human race achieves through its own effort. Now, there simply is no God. There's only man. And it's he who makes miracles.
Sunday Adelaja|We pray because of that, to have less discomfort in life. This prayer is left unanswered for some reasons. The reason is not far-fetched – God is not interested in your comfort. He is more interested in your purpose.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|We were very different, and we disagreed about a lot of things, but he was always so interesting, you know?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My prayer; Lord,open my eyes to see good visions.
Michael Foreman|A mustache really defines your face. My dad had a mustache when I was growing up, and I can still remember when he shaved it, he looked like a completely different person.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|He taught me how small, day-by-day decisions add up to the great consequences and that every thoughtful and educated decision I made about my life would eventually lead me to a clear and more satisfying understanding of my calling.
Henry David Thoreau|Public opinion is a weak tyrant compared with our own private opinion. what a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates, his fate.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Just because I’m breathing, doesn’t mean I’m alive; vice versa.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|She said: Sheriff how come you to let crime get so out of hand in your county? Sounded like a fair question I reckon. Maybe it was a fair question. Anyway I told her, I said: It starts when you begin to overlook bad manners. Any time you quit hearin Sir and Mam the end is pretty much in sight.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|Dogs are actually very smart, it's just that they're rather clumsy, but it's this trait that makes humans attracted to them and why I love dogs so much.
David Soto Jr., Los Chocolates De Esperanza Diamanté|Trying to impose our personal agenda on someone else’s experience is the shadow side of love, while real love recognizes that life unfolds at its own pace.
Brigham Young, The Best of Women's Conference: Selected Talks from 25 Years of Women's Conference|To see her, amid all of it. To see that contentment and beauty were not unattainable things.
Daniel Woodrell|With the first commandment, Mohammed tried to imprison common sense. And with the second commandment, the beautiful, romantic side of mankind was enslaved.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Brigan, could you attempt, at least, to make yourself presentable? I know this is a war, but the rest of us are trying to pretend it’s a party.
David Lynch|The kind of experience of humility and happiness that comes with gratitude tends to crowd out whatever is coarse, or ugly, or mean.
Lucy Grealy, Autobiography of a Face|This singularity of meaning--I was my face, I was ugliness--though sometimes unbearable, also offered a possible point of escape. It became the launching pad from which to lift off, the one immediately recognizable place to point to when asked what was wrong with my life. Everything led to it, everything receded from it--my face as personal vanishing point.
Beau Lotto|No one is an outside observer of nature,We're defined by our environment and our interaction with that environment -- by our ecology. And that ecology is necessarily relative, historical and empirical.
Tyler Perry|You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.
Virginia Postrel|The constitution of the universe is total natural law. 'Natural law,' we say from the field of science. 'Will of God,' we say from the field of religion. It's the same thing.
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|Whatever you just thought of, I’m not doing it.” Egg
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Imperialism; And, Social Classes|Created by wars that required it, the machine now created the wars it required.
Dave Ramsey, EntreLeadership: 20 Years of Practical Business Wisdom from the Trenches|The problem with your company is not the economy, it is not the lack of opportunity, it is not your team. The problem is you. That is the bad news. The good news is, if you're the problem, you're also the solution. You're the one person you can change the easiest. You can decide to grow. Grow your abilities, your character, your education, and your capacity. You can decide who you want to be and get about the business of becoming that person.
Anna Keesey, Little Century|Like a great fool, I went ashore with them, and they gave me some cursed stuff they called gin, - such blasphemy I never heard! At first when they told me they had set up a great distillery of gin, I thought them very useful, clever, good men; for you know, captain, any nation might be converted by hollands; -but this was the unchristianest beastliest liquor I ever tasted, and it made me - as I feel now. Yet the foolish, idiot-people of the island think it very good, because it makes them mad-drunk, and they believe Heaven sent it; but it made me believe the devil had got amongst them.
David Weber, In Fury Born|As you know, I have always been curious about our immortality... how it feels to live on and on through time....I need speculate no longer, I have sampled eternity in Miss Campbell's fifth period "social studies" class. Three days on the concept of "manifest destiny," Vasile. THREE DAYS. I yearned to stand up, rip her lecture notes from her pallid hands, and scream, 'Yes, America expanded westward! Is that not logical, given that Europeans settled on the Eastern shore? What else were they to do? Advance vainly into the sea?
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Falling in love is like falling from a high cliff into a warm silky sea, the falling is like flying and the landing is like a glimpse of the divine.
Sylvie Grohne, The Night Within Us|Tell your father I never wanted to be a rose, only ever a night-scented gilliflower, and his moon was my sun.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|...With a little help from him, she finally had his belt unbuckled and the buttons of his 501s undone.A moment later she learned two important facts about Xander. For one thing, he didn't wear underwear. And for another, he had an absolutely perfect cock.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|So why hadn’t he confronted me? Why hadn’t he torn through my lies and forced me to own up that I’d caught him in a Binding? It wasn’t like he could just brush this off. And that smile before he left, as if he’d been pulling my leg to see my reaction…I shook my head. Ryan was certainly providing his fair share of riddles. There was the tiny possibility he was still clueless and was just teasing me, but I doubted anyone could be that naïve. Even him. My mind began to tick over, desperate for an answer. Only one other thing stuck out in his behaviour. Maybe he was going for a fair exchange strategy. He wouldn’t question my secrets, in the hope I wouldn’t question his.Now that was naïve.
Lilli Jolgren Day, The Wonder of Ordinary Magic|He felt lighter than he had in weeks, and he realized that the monster he had been running from wasn’t really a monster after all. It was simply that place in the heart that holds the measure of your history, the joy and the grief, the laughter and the tears, the magic and the wonder; all the ingredients that add up to the story of a life well lived.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Say "no" to corruption; it does not fit you! Say "no" to bad leadership; you don't fit there. Say "no" to immorality; it will only fake you! Be bold to say "no" if that is what will take your breakfast away; you will get a sweeter lunch pack for compensation sooner.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.
Adam Mickiewicz, Forefathers' Eve|He wondered if the real world was that one in which men fought for policies and principles and died or lived gloriously - or more often miserably - for the sake of an abstract word like patriotism or independence, or if reality belonged to the humble people and the common land.
Millie Bobby Brown|I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|There's no guarantee of disaster-free in any world religion,but love, faith and knowledge give men hope and willpower.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|Mindfulness promises a great number of desirable benefits, and is based on much more solid research than many competing ideas on how to change people.
Anna Keesey, Little Century|A waltz begins, that floating, sweet rhythm. The fiddle is plaintive. A few minutes ago she was at least pleasantly contented. Now certain of the notes dip into her like ladles and come up full of loneliness. The people in the room recede. They are strangers, every one.
Tim Anderson, Sweet Tooth: A Memoir|They were young and gay and the femininity of their teenage years had only recently hardened into the muscle of a competitive sexual economy. Their muscles met the demands of the city, and the city met the demands of their muscles.
Alex Beecroft, Shining in the Sun|So close now, Alec could read the make on his wetsuit, see the individual grains of sand that dustedthe black material, the drops of water trembling on the points of his hair. Now or never. But Alec couldn‟t,couldn’t. Could he?He stood up. “Stop!” His mouth dried out as the surfer‟s dark, dark green eyes looked into his, startledand curious. Suddenly he felt an absolute fool. He was inviting a good kicking, at least. But damn it, a mancouldn‟t always be afraid.“Don‟t go past. Please. Sit down and drink with me. If you go past… If you go past, I think I‟ll die.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Sword|Anyone can give up; it is the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, now that is true strength.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Far too often, it is at the moment where we finally stand on the very precipice of some great thing that we turn and abandon it, for it is at these seminal moments that fear wins and greatness dies. The beauty of Christmas is that God steps over precipices.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|He told her, You are a wise woman.	Pleasure warmed her voice. I do have my moments, don't I?
Sierra Donovan, Do Not Open 'Til Christmas|He felt lightheaded, almost dizzy, as he deepened the kiss, his fingers curling lightly around the tendrils of her hair. His other arm encircled her waist, pressing her closer, and for a moment he went for broke, kissing her with everything he had.	And now that he knew he wasn’t going to get his face slapped, he slowed down to take his time and do it right. The outside world simply ceased to exist. There was only Chloe, warm in his embrace, as her lips responded to his.
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|I took a deep breath of the syrupy sweetness of summer, suffused with bees and birds, and I thought to myself how beautiful this world can be. How lucky we are to be here, to be part of it, for however long we have.
Johnny Iuzzini|The older I get, the more I'm conscious of ways very small things can make a change in the world. Tiny little things, but the world is made up of tiny matters, isn't it?
Taylor Patton|Dissociated, I follow this body in its reckless haste.
Yehuda Berg|To me, food is as much about the moment, the occasion, the location and the company as it is about the taste.
Debasish Mridha|If your joy of life depends on something or someone, then you are not enjoying your life. You are enjoying the person or the thing.
Paula Deen|Sydney in general is eclectic. You can be on that brilliant blue ocean walk in the morning and then within 20 minutes you can be in a completely vast suburban sprawl or an Italian or Asian suburb, and it's that mix of people, it's that melting pot of people that give it its vital personality.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: End of Days|The library will endure; it is the universe. As for us, everything has not been written; we are not turning into phantoms. We walk the corridors, searching the shelves and rearranging them, looking for lines of meaning amid leagues of cacophony and incoherence, reading the history of the past and our future, collecting our thoughts and collecting the thoughts of others, and every so often glimpsing mirrors, in which we may recognize creatures of the information.
John Green|...the kind of weather that reminds you after a long winter that while the world wasn't built for humans, we were built for the world. t
Carla Reighard, Elle's Magical Shoes|It does no good for you to spend all of your time worrying about what may come and being blind to what you have in the present.” ~Blaez, The Guardians of Eastgate
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|its like you said? i lead my people-"forth!" zifnab carried on enthusiastically! " out of eygpt! out of bondage! across the desert! pillar of fire-"desert?" lenthan looked anxious again. "fire? i thought we were going to the stars!"sorry. wrong script" zifnab said
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|My heart was in my mouth. I realised that I had no desire to know any more about her past. What was behind her made me feel sick, petrified. Only the future mattered now.
Anne Frank|At such times Daddy, Mummy and Margot leave me cold. I wander from one room to another, downstairs and up again, feeling like a songbird whose wings have been clipped and who is hurling himself in utter darkness against the bars of his cage. "Go outside, laugh, and take a breath of fresh air," a voice cries within me, but I don't even feel a response any more; I go and lie on the divan and sleep, to make the time pass more quickly, and the stillness and terrible fear, because there is no way of killing them.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|I wanted to kill them. No, not kill. "Kill" is too dull a word for that which I desired. I wanted to annihilate them. I wanted to tear them limb from limb. I wanted to crack their bones and bury my face in the wet remains. I wanted to reach inside their chests and yank out their hearts and devour the bloody meat as the last stray current twitched the muscle and watch their faces as they died.
Peter Kreeft|In an age of hope men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens." In an age of hopelessness they call it simply “space.
Richard Bach, Stranger to the Ground|My airplane is quiet, and for a moment still an alien, still a stranger to the ground, I am home.
Ouida|What we love once, we love forever. Shall there be joy in heaven over those who repent, yet no forgiveness for them upon earth?--"Wanda
Brad Pitt|My father played five years for Valence in France's second division. I'd always cry when he would leave for training. Every morning, I'd say, 'Dad, take me with you. Please, please take me with you!'
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|Don’t settle for helping those who will help you in return or doing a good deed for others to see. Help others without expecting anything back. Even if nobody else cares, God will notice.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|He liked bookstores, and libraries too. They had a sacred, peaceful hush, like graveyards without the shadow of death.
Tiffany Sunday, Dyslexia's Competitive Edge: Business and Leadership Insights and Strategies for Dyslexic Entrepreneurs, Business Owners, and Professionals|If you are going to dream then dream big, why spend time dreaming small?
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Who did she know in Raleigh who took time off to fix a house? Or read Whitman or Eliot, finding images in the mind, thoughts of the spirit? Or hunted dawn from the bow of a canoe? These weren't the things that drove society, but she felt they shouldn't be treated as unimportant. They made living worthwhile.
Mark Twain|Cats never weep, she told herself, no more than wolves. It's just a stupid dream.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|The road to success and achievement can be a busy highway – crowded and noisy, full of hazards and tie-ups. Every now and then, you need to take the side roads, get away from the rush, and enjoy the trip.
- Harrish Sairaman|Even enjoying a cup of tea, with all your senses involved in it is also pure meditation.
Edward McKendree Bounds|If a process or adaptation seems too smart for nature, that's a failure of your imagination, not the hand of God. I can make that claim because we have a working model of life's morphing and molding without it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Charisma (presence, poise, magnetism) and charm (enchantment, attraction, fascination) are behaviors which can be learned and practiced.
Eddie Izzard, Believe Me: A Memoir of Love, Death, and Jazz Chickens|I had the luxury of knowing what I wanted to do. So I just sat on the bed and came up with a plan for myself:"I have to go to the Edinburgh Fringe. But I don't have the confidence to do a production there because I've never gone before, and I don't even know how to get there or what to do once I get there. So I will just act as if I do have the confidence to go to the Edinburgh Fringe. I'll just borrow confidence from a future version of myself. Once I've been to the Edinburgh Fringe and performed a show there, then I will have the confidence to go to the Edinburgh Fringe. I will go to the bank manager of confidence (in some part of my brain) and I will borrow that confidence from the future, and then I can wear it like a cloak, and I will talk to everyone with this confidence."It was out there as a concept, but it worked.
Stephen Hunter|Cable is a dynamic and highly innovative industry, providing cutting edge services and content that Americans love. The broadband platform the industry has deployed is a critical part of the infrastructure needed to realize our national ambition to be a great nation in the Information Age.
John Brunner, The Compleat Traveller in Black|Love is the reason why, in confusion, we understand.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|If I can bring Him nothing but my tears, He will put them with His own tears in His own bottle for He once wept; if I can bring Christ nothing but my groans and sighs, He will accept these as an acceptable sacrifice, for He once was broken in heart, and sighed heavily in spirit.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|The past and the future were starlight, seemingly so close, but forever out of reach. Eli felt that starlight, the infinity of knowing nothing but his finite existence.
Judy Smith|The thing that I've always been slightly frustrated with, was that the idea of a CD is kind of confined to a material possession that you can put on a shelf. And the idea of music, for me, is always about both the communication and the sharing of content. And so the interactive part is missing.
Nitesh Sabne|The truth of the world is like Air, which is there but unexplainable.
L. Michelle|By mastering character and plot, you give your book a fighting chance and withoutcharacter and plot, no book can survive.
Dustin Long, Icelander|Though in this world there are phenomena that might justly be termed "strange," there are no phenomena that cannot -- given sufficient information -- be explained. This is not to suggest that for every effect there is a cause, of course. That is an assumption that we are not prepared to make, less it launch us ineluctably down the path of determinism. This is only to suggest, rather, that there is no "thing" that exists without some relation to at least one other "thing," and it is the matrix of a "thing's" relationship that determines its meaning in the larger context of the world. Even something strange can be explained by tracing its relational lines of flight, however casual or casual they may be.
Maya Angelou|What I try to do is write. I may write for two weeks ‘the cat sat on the mat, that is that, not a rat,’.... And it might be just the most boring and awful stuff. But I try. When I’m writing, I write. And then it’s as if the muse is convinced that I’m serious and says, ‘Okay. Okay. I’ll come.
James McBride, The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother|I asked her if I was black or white. She replied "You are a human being. Educate yourself or you'll be a nobody!
Ken Poirot|Love transports mortal beings to the existential plane of spiritual eternity transcending the emotional, mental, and physical limitations of an inaccurately perceived finite existence.
E L Parfitt, Skeleton Cat|It’s hard to tell sometimes if Etheny’s stories are true, as you will see, so I will lay down the story as she told it to me to allow you to decide for yourself.
Knut Hamsun, Dreamers|There he is then, the unfortunate brute, quite miserable because of me, for whom there is nothing to be done, and he so anxious to help, so used to giving orders and to being obeyed. There he is, ever since I came into the world, possibly at his instigation, I wouldn't put it past him, commanding me to be well, you know, in every way, no complaints at all, with as much success as if he were shouting at a lump of inanimate matter.
Karina Halle, And With Madness Comes the Light|Within your light, I lose the madness.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|He shook his head pityingly. “This, more than anything else, is what I have never understood about your people. You can roll dice, and understand that the whole game may hinge on one turn of a die. You deal out cards, and say that all a man's fortune for the night may turn upon one hand. But a man's whole life, you sniff at, and say, what, this naught of a human, this fisherman, this carpenter, this thief, this cook, why, what can they do in the great wide world? And so you putter and sputter your lives away, like candles burning in a draft.”“Not all men are destined for greatness,” I reminded him.“Are you sure, Fitz? Are you sure? What good is a life lived as if it made no difference at all to the great life of the world? A sadder thing I cannot imagine. Why should not a mother say to herself, if I raise this child aright, if I love and care for her, she shall live a life that brings joy to those about her, and thus I have changed the world? Why should not the farmer that plants a seed say to his neighbor, this seed I plant today will feed someone, and that is how I change the world today?”“This is philosophy, Fool. I have never had time to study such things.”“No, Fitz, this is life. And no one has time not to think of such things. Each creature in the world should consider this thing, every moment of the heart's beating. Otherwise, what is the point of arising each day?
Bryant McGill|We must stop treating the environment possessively, and as an expendable commodity.
Meridian Way, Lost|It took me a moment to realize but I was having an epiphany. I was standing in the middle of Times Square wearing nothing but purple tennis sneakers with the laces pulled out, clutching an empty bottle of Jack Daniel’s in one hand and a shit-eating grin in the other. Rodney and Samantha stood about ten feet away, laughing their asses off as people walked by me without so much as a sideways glance. My clothes lay crumpled on the ground at my feet, my Redskins baseball cap upside down and jutting up out of my jeans like the crater of some long-dormant volcano.
Jeremiah Burroughs|...there is more good in contentment, than there is in the thing that you would fain have to cure your discontent...
Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept|Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find despair.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|I kissed the girl on the lips, as if to suck her breath inside me. When I did this, the girl wilted, ever so slightly. In my arms, gradually she became lighter, and more transparent. The smell of lilies rose up, filling my breast, overwhelming me. The taste of the kiss was so sweet, I couldn't stop–even thoughI knew she would go on wilting if I continued. The girl was wilting by the instant, and something thick and strong was filling my breast.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|The human condition is essentially the conflict between the human need for control and a universe that provides little if any of it. Once we accept this and get into the flow of life, we are free and, paradoxically, able to get better results.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|In many ways, religion comes from the same place in us that art comes from. The language of the human heart if poetry
Constance Fenimore Woolson, Anne|They did not realize what a supreme effort of courage it required to make this young girl go out alone into the wide world, and face its vastness and its strangeness.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|Internal growth and development were not entirely unaffected by my external environment. No amount of escapism, through either the physical or the mental outlets, could cushion me from the reality of what was taking place.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|For those who have true love, have no limits of expressing their love to one another yet it is a sad fact that those who are searching for love, fear expressing their love to even those who love them.
Witness Lee|I do not think the Bible is weak, Mr. Morgan; and that is not the reason why I do not wish to read anything that is written against it. But I know that I am weak and ignorant, and that I might not be able to answer in my own mind, and to my satisfaction, all that clever men may choose to say or to write. And so my mind might get unsettled, and i have no wish to have it unsettled.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|Things cannot stay the same because they are influenced by everything else, everything that is not itself.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|Let the bullshitters have their bullshit. You and me, we have lives to live. And once you open your mouth to respond to their bullshit--well, that's when you're knee-deep in it.
Jasper Fforde, The Well of Lost Plots|How bad is it?”“The story is only just now being reported, but let's put it this way,” HARV said. “The bag is now clearly catless, and there’s a very foul odor coming from the fan.
Saint Stephen|If God wanted us to be naked, why did he invent sexy lingerie?
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|So he'll keep dragging himself up this bridge between possible worlds, this rickety ruin of light, trying to imagine it might matter if he makes it to the other side.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|We learn best when we're on edge. Focused on the moment, ready for anything...
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|To preserve the silence within--amid all the noise. To remain open and quiet, a moist humus in the fertile darkness where the rain falls and the grain ripens--no matter how many tramp across the parade ground in whirling dust under an arid sky.
Thea Harrison, Midnight's Kiss|Tell me what the fuck you want me to do, and I'll do it.
Michael Delaware, Blue and the Magical Forest: The Power of Hopes and Dreams|The path you are on is the fabric of imagination, but it is kindled with the fires of hopes and dreams...
Erin M. Straza, Comfort Detox: Finding Freedom from Habits That Bind You|By extending love and comfort to the broken places around us, we keep watch with Jesus in his sorrow.
Gloria Furman, Glimpses of Grace: Treasuring the Gospel in Your Home|Only the redeeming, all-powerful, transforming grace of God can raise our sin-besotted heart from the dead, give us eternal life, and set our gaze on Jesus, our blessed hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever happens to you, once you have hope you will survive.
Debasish Mridha|Your Temporary Santa, "He says presents aren't important, but I think they are- not because of how much they cost, but for the opportunity they provide to say 'I understand you.
Leutrim Shabani|Don't change for me, I'll not change for you.I don't deserve it, you don't deserve it.﻿
Penelope Cruz|I fear no man, no beast or evil, brother.
Kiran Nagarkar, Cuckold|Where do songs go when you cease to hear them? Where does the turbulence of the air disappear after thousands of birds flap their wings homeward at eventide? Where are the cries of the Rajput women who spatter their red palm prints on the wall and leap into the flames of johar? Where is my childhood, my catapult, my broken slate, my first parrot, my youth and first sin and all those that followed, where is my old age and the first time I saw the woman from Merta? Ask Gambhiree. She knows it all.
Vladimir Nabokov, Mary|He was prepared to die for it, as one of Baudelaire's dandies might have been prepared to kill himself in order to preserve himself in the condition of a work of art, for he wanted to make this experience a masterpiece of experience which absolutely transcended the everyday. And this would annihilate the effects of the cruel drug, boredom, to which he was addicted although, perhaps, the element of boredom which is implicit in an affair so isolated from the real world was its principle appeal for him.
Geoffrey G. Parker, Platform Revolution: How Networked Markets Are Transforming the Economy--and How to Make Them Work for You|Because the bulk of a platform's value is created by its community of users, the platform business must shift its focus from internal activities to external activities. In the process the firm inverts-it turns inside out, with functions from marketing to information technology to operations to strategy all increasingly centering on people, resources, and functions that exist outside the business, complementing or replacing those that exists inside a traditional business.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|Selfishness is the root of all jealousy. When we are caught up thinking about ourselves, we can't think about anyone else.
Ginny Albinson|As long as it still hurts, it isn’t love yet.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|When we are sad...it can be comforting to cling to familiar objects, to things that don't change.
Deyth Banger|Do not grieve when something good ends, be glad that it happened.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Passion is passion. It's the excitement between the tedious spaces, and it doesn't matter where it's directed...It can be coins or sports or politics or horses or music or faith...the saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|You know what my mum once said?’ said Rosie… ‘She said that if a just-married couple put a coin in a jar every time they make love in their first year, and take a coin out for every time that they make love in the years that follow, the jar will never be emptied.’And this means…?’Well’, she said. ‘It’s interesting, isn’t it?
Geetika Kohli, Yonder|The night became silver again; looking up, it was as if they saw the moon sailing through the clouds instead of the other way around; racing smoothly across the sky, passing puffs and wisps of cloud on either side, and yet never moving from its place.
Shan McGinley|Nature felt no change, and was ever young.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|It's time to respect yourself and your dream, both truly deserve that respect. be the person you would do anything for. Be the person you will not let down.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|It is not the task of a writer to 'tell all,' or even to decide what to leave in, but to decide what to leave out. Whatever remains, that meager sum of this profane division, that's the bastard chimera we call a 'story.' I am not building, but cutting away. And all stories, whether advertised as truth or admitted falsehoods, are fictions, cleft from the objective facts by the aforementioned action of cutting away. A pound of flesh. A pile of sawdust. Discarded chips of Carrara marble. And what's left over."Houses Under The Sea
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you don’t learn the best, you will teach the worst.
Carolyn See|It's my experience that you first feel the impulse to write in your chest. It's like falling in love, only more so. It feels like something criminal. It feels like unspeakably wild sex. So, think: When you feel the overpowering need to go out and find some unspeakably wild sex, do you rush to tell your mom about it?
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Mitchell Sanders was right. For the common soldier, at least, war has the feel-the spiritual texture-of a great ghostly fog, thick and permanent. There is no clarity. Everything swirls. The old rules are no longer binding, the old truths no longer true. Right spills over into wrong. Order blends into chaos, love into hate, ugliness into beauty, law into anarchy, civility into savagery. The vapors suck you in. You can't tell where you are, or why you're there, and the only certainty is overwhelming ambiguity.
Pope Pius XII|The power of sacred music increases the honor given to God by the Church in union with Christ, its Head. Sacred music likewise helps to increase the fruits which the faithful, moved by the sacred harmonies, derive from the holy liturgy. These fruits, as daily experience and many ancient and modern literary sources show, manifest themselves in a life and conduct worthy of a Christian.
Michael  Grant, Light|Lunch had been at a McDonald’s in Santa Barbara. It had been so clean. It had smelled like food. It had sounded happy and alive. In the bathroom, the toilet flushed. Water ran in the sink.He had passed a trash can on the way back to his table and stopped just to look at it. It was full of food. Leftover burgers, the last few fries, smears of ketchup on cardboard. He’d had to hold back tears when he saw it.“Candy bar?” Vicky asked, and held a Snickers out to him.At that moment they slowed to turn off the highway and head cautiously, carefully, through recently bulldozed streets, toward the town plaza. That’s where the McDonald’s was. His McDonald’s.A candy bar. People had killed for less.
Julie Walters|Major success feels a bit like a coronation. Like I'd become a king. I was one of the most famous people in the world, loved and hated in equal measure. I couldn't see anything bad with it. It made me a happy person.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Much of what we consider valuable in our world arises out of (these) one-sided conflicts. Because the act of facing overwhelming odds, produces greatness and beauty.
Christiane Amanpour|At my funeral, if one said, 'Nick was a generous person,' trust me I won't be doing cartwheels in my coffin. Recognition from people is never and never will be a goal. Some people strive for that respect or honor. Living a life to just reach for the position and status is vanity and sin.
Pierre Albert-Birot, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Chicago does not go to the world, the world comes to Chicago! Who needs New York? Who has taller buildings than our tall buildings? Who's got a busier airport than our airport? You want Picasso? We got Picasso, big Picasso. Nobody can make heads or tails of it. It's a lion? No, a seahorse. Looks to me like a radiator with wings. Who gives a damn, people, a Picasso's a Picasso.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Ring and the Crown|Don’t touch me. Don’t tell me how beautiful my eyes are, how soft my hair is, how you love to hear my voice. Don’t. Don’t pretend you are falling in love with me. I know you are lying, and every word you say hurts even more. Let us just be friends, if we can start there. Can’t we? Can’t we at least be friends? Get to know each other a little? Before the wedding, and the bedding, when I will have to take you as my lord and husband?
Laura Riding Jackson, The Poems of Laura Riding: A Newly Revised Edition of the 1938/1980 Collection|Take hands.There is no love now.But there are hands.There is no joining now,But a joining has beenOf the fastening of fingersAnd their opening.More than the clasp even, the kissSpeaks loneliness,How we dwell apart,And how love triumphs in this.
Zadie Smith|She wore her sexuality with an older woman's ease, and not like an awkward purse, never knowing how to hold it, where to hang it, or when to just put it down.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|A man can counterfeit love, he can counterfeit faith, he can counterfeit hope and all the other graces, but it is very difficult to counterfeit humility. You soon detect mock humility.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|I'm a conservative but not because I care very much about the marginal tax rates of the richest Americans, rather I'm a market-oriented localist because I believe in cultural pluralism and I believe in the First Amendment, in voluntarism over compulsion whenever possible, and in as much de-centralized decision-making as is conceivably feasible.
Pete Hautman, Godless|You ever watch a football game and get totally into it? Why? It's not a real battle. It's just a game somebody made up. So how can you take it seriously? Or, you ever see a movie that made your heart about jump out of your chest? Or one that made you cry? Why? It wasn't real. You ever look at a photo of food that made your mouth water? Why? You can't eat the picture.. . . . .Same thing with water towers and God. I don't have to be a believer to be serious about my religion.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|When life hands you lemons, why stop at lemonade? Create an entire product line.
Jim Grayson, Trailer Vamp - Love Bites: A Josh Blackthorn Adventure|Putting the brakes on is not an easy thing for a vamp to do. It's kind of like a shark trying to stop a feeding frenzy, or that old potato chip slogan: "Bet you can't eat just one.
Marcus du Sautoy, The Great Unknown: Seven Journeys to the Frontiers of Science|To understand this new frontier, I will have to try to master one of the most difficult and counterintuitive theories ever recorded in the annals of science: quantum physics. Listen to those who have spent their lives immersed in this world and you will have a sense of the challenge we face. After making his groundbreaking discoveries in quantum physics, Werner Heisenberg recalled, "I repeated to myself again and again the question: Can nature possibly be so absurd as it seemed to us in these atomic experiments?" Einstein declared after one discovery, "If it is correct it signifies the end of science." Schrödinger was so shocked by the implications of what he'd cooked up that he admitted, "I do not like it and I am sorry I had anything to do with it." Nevertheless, quantum physics is now one of the most powerful and well-tested pieces of science on the books. Nothing has come close to pushing it off its pedestal as one of the great scientific achievements of the last century. So there is nothing to do but to dive headfirst into this uncertain world. Feynman has some good advice for me as I embark on my quest: "I am going to tell you what nature behaves like. If you will simply admit that maybe she does behave like this, you will find her a delightful, entrancing thing. Do not keep saying to yourself, if you can possibly avoid it, 'But how can it be like that?' because you will get 'down the drain,' into a blind alley from which nobody has yet escaped. Nobody knows how it can be like that.
Becca Fitzpatrick|Fear is like a fire. If you can control it, it can cook for you. It can heat your house.If you can't control it, it will burn everything around you and destroy you. Fear is your friend and your worst enemy.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I know that a stranger's hand will write to me next, to say that the good and faithful servant has been called at length into the joy of his Lord. And why weep for this? No fear of death will darken St. John's last hour: his mind will be unclouded; his heart will be undaunted; his hope will be sure; his faith steadfast. His own words are a pledge of this: “My Master,” he says, “has forewarned me. Daily he announces more distinctly, ‘Surely I come quickly!’ and hourly I more eagerly respond, ‘Amen; even so come, Lord Jesus!
Haruki Murakami, Underground: The Tokyo Gas Attack and the Japanese Psyche|Psychologically speaking (I’ll only wheel out the amateur psychology just this once, so bear with me), encounters that call up strong physical disgust or revulsion are often in fact projections of our own faults and weaknesses.
Walter Raleigh|[W]hen men have both done and suffered injustice and have had experience of both, not being able to avoid the one and obtain the other, they think that they had better agree among themselves to have neither; hence there arise laws and mutual covenants; and that which is ordained by law is termed by them lawful and just. This they affirm to be the origin and nature of justice;—it is a mean or compromise,between the best of all, which is to do injustice and not be punished, and the worst of all, which is to suffer injustice without the power of retaliation; and justice, being at a middle point between the two, is tolerated not as a good, but as the lesser evil…
Jasna Horvat, Auron|Yandex translation from Croatian to English: Nomadom was the time when the ratio of beauty began to think about how about love than between two parts, in which opposites attract only magical powers, and the same ratio is equal to the lords and architecture and nature.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|You'd be surprised." Charlie said."You go to bed one night singing her a lullaby, and she wakes up listening to Limp Bizkit.""What the hell is Limp Bizkit?
amiel masaganda bagadiong|You should prepare for your future, you cant stop it from coming.
Chuck Bridges|You have a choice," she told the class. "The whorish emptiness of lies or the straightlaced horrors of truth.
Francis Picabia|I wasn't looking for another marriage. I had been married before. He is a nice man - a geologist, an Ernest Hemingway type. But Paul and I married because of convention.
J.M. Stewart, Her Knight in Black Leather|What are you wearing?" "Coveralls. Shit-kickers. Long, latex gloves." He blinked. "can't wait to see you take them off.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Work with all your heart, because - I promise - if you show up for your work day after day after day after day. you just might get lucky enough some random morning to burst into bloom.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Hard edges make truth and by necessity, truth is unbending. Unlike truth’s absolutism, justice is a qualitative substance; it is not an absolute tenet. Justice must be pliable in order to meet the needs of more than one person or one group. Justice goes against separation; it is a form of human superglue. Justice is what binds us as people. No human is capable of measuring out or dispensing unqualified justice. Justice naturally seeks conciliation and demands compromise.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of, but stigma and bias shame us all.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|And pity--people who inspire it in you are actually very powerful people. To get someone else to take care of you, to feel sorry for you--that takes a lot of strength, smarts, manipulation. Very powerful people.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|You can call it innocence, or you can call it gullibility, but Celia made the most common mistake of the good-hearted: she assumed that everyone else was just like her.
Adolph S. Ochs|New York is Babylon : Brooklyn is the truly Holy City.New York is the city of envy, office work, and hustle;Brooklyn is the region of homes and happiness….There is no hope for New Yorkers, for their glory inTheir skyscraping sins; but in Brooklyn there is the wisdom of the lowly.
Tanya Byrne, Heart-Shaped Bruise|You're letting me go?"He curled his upper lip, his expression painfully bitter as he took a step back from me. "Apparently... I never had a hold of you." He turned sharply, and without another word striding down the street into the dark.Braden never once looked back and that was a good thing.If he had, he'd have seen Jocelyn Butler crying real tears for the first time in a long time, and he would have known that I'd lied. And lied big. For anyone who saw me, knew they were watching a heart in the process of it breaking.
Pablo Neruda, The Book of Questions|With which stars do they go on speaking,the rivers that never reach the sea?
George Orwell|The ruling power is always faced with the question, ‘In such and such circumstances, what would you do?’, whereas the opposition is not obliged to take responsibility or make any real decisions.
Nina Easton|On almost every environmental issue I care about, in fact, I've been wrong at one point or another. I used to think that climate change was no big deal, that most environmental problems were massive exaggerations, that oil reserves were effectively unlimited, and more.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Be prepared to say “no” to some things. That is the key. When you say “yes” to every invitation, event and call, you will come back to meet you plans on the paper in the same state you left them.
Gena Showalter, Twice as Hot|One of the many difficult things about women was that they tended to pick the most unsuitable times to tell you something they considered to be important, and then became irrationally upset when you failed to remember it.
Sami Abouzid|We Have Nothing in Common, So I t would be a wasted life If I’ll ever fall for her. In addition, life is too precious to be wasted in this way.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, It Had to Be You|That is the way it is with a wound. The wound begins to close in on itself, to protect what is hurting so much. And once it is closed, you no longer see what is underneath, what started the pain.
Jay Crownover|The idea of a random stranger walking up to me one day and saying, 'Hey, baby, you smell like forever. Let's do it,' isn't all that appealing honestly.
Sharon Guskin, The Forgetting Time|My brain fizzles. The 'this is your brain on drugs' warning, should also issue a 'this is your brain when Jackson Reid looks at you like that,' warning.
Joel Cornah, The Sea-Stone Sword|Drizzt Do'Urden had followed a line of precepts based upon discipline and ultimate optimism. He fought for a better world because he believed that a better world could and would be made. He had never held any illusions that he would change the world, of course, or even a substantial portion of it, but he always held strongly that fighting to better just his own little pocket of the world was a worthwhile cause.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I sometimes wonder how powerful are those Fortune 500 CEOs who can can’t even change the way that list looks (leave aside how the world looks). And, I wonder what message do we send to our young girls, in classrooms across the world, who work as hard as our young boys but see only 20 CEOs out of those 500 who look like them.
Scott Solomon, Future Humans: Inside the Science of Our Continuing Evolution|We live in an exciting time. We now know more than ever about our biology and about our history, allowing us to peer into the future with greater clarity than has previously been possible. But at the same time, the changes we are undergoing, brought about by our own advances in technology, medicine, transportation-- and by the growing impact we are having on the world around us-- mean that we live in a time in which the future looks increasingly less like the past. We have become an odd species, indeed, but our story is not yet over. Like all species, Homo sapiens continues to evolve, so there is one thing we can say with certainty: the people of tomorrow will not be the same as the people of today.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|If it is about education, then all who are college graduates should be wealthy.
Ellie Kemper|Writing music and lyrics, you tend to become a control freak - sitting alone in your room with a bare light bulb over your head, writing communist manifestos.
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|One song bled into another and they remained locked together, neither willing to break the intimacy that surrounded them, concealing them in the small space the two occupied.
Kathryn Dyche Dechairo, The Edge Of Silence|It is in the thick of a calamity that one gets hardened to the truth, in other words to silence.
Scott Hastie|The sea, the sea…Man alone,Passive, unawareIn his elemental sadness.
L.A.Weatherly, Angel, #1|Hey, he's not using a holster," I said, glancing at Alex's on the dresser. He laughed out loud. "Yeah, I guess he must want something shooting off. It'd be so great if these things were true to life - the next scene would show him at hospital like, clutching himself in agony."'Angel - L.A.Weatherly
Clarence Budington Kelland|If one morning I walked on top of the water across the Potomac River, the headline that afternoon would read: 'President Can't Swim.'
Jacques Yves Cousteau|In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful.
H.L. Mencken|Before one may scare the plain people one must first have a firm understanding of the bugaboos that most facilely alarm them. One must study the schemes that have served to do it in the past, and one must study very carefully the technic of the chief current professionals.
Iain Duncan Smith|What I've really learned over time is that optimism is a very, very important part of leadership.
Kristen Ashley, Golden Trail|When you write a movie, you have a hundred collaborators. But when you write a novel, it's yours.
Blaise Pascal|The book which I read by Stephen Hand, Freedy VS Jason, was incrediable. I also check out and the book Zodiac, again an incrediable story. The Stand by Stephen King was again on incrediable story, a long book and film, but incrediable!Theory of Everything where it put it me I still can't believe, it was unique story, I had chance to see who is Stephen Hawking really!
Dada Bhagwan|The awareness that ‘money will get spent’ must never be kept; whatever gets spent at whatever time is correct. That’s why it was told to spend money, so that they can be free from greed and they can give it again and again.
Roxane Gay|I think the humor, when applied in the right amount, only serves to intensify the other emotions in a given song; it highlights them, makes them stand out.
Bill Bryson, Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe|But suppose, for the sake of argument, free competition, without any sort of monopoly, would develop capitalism trade more rapidly. Is it not a fact that the more rapidly trade and capitalism develop, the greater is the concentration of production and capital which gives rise to monopoly?
Kristy Cambron, The Butterfly and the Violin|God plants the talent and it grows, sustained by a spirit-given strength to endure, even in the midst of darkness. It thrives in the valleys of life and ignores the peaks. It blooms like a flower when cradled by the warmth of the sun. It remains in a hidden stairwell in a concentration camp. It grows, fed in secret, in the heart of every artist.
Steven Sherrill, The Minotaur Takes a Cigarette Break|He holds out a trembling hand and traces the shape of her arm, descending to her elbow. “You’re like mist,” he says. “You really don’t feel this?”Love shakes her head. “No.”But that’s not entirely true, because this illusion of a touch has turned her into a current, this human has reached down to her bones.Then his fingers curl right through her hip, and he lowers his voice. “How ’bout that?
Giselle Fox, Claire and the Lady Billionaire 1|Do you still want me to call you Cleopatra?" I whispered softly with a smirk. She suppressed a laugh. "No!" She looked at me with serious eyes and I could see that she wasn't quite ready to tell me her secret. "It's okay," I said, "a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Dean Winchester Jensen Ackles|Only you would ask. All anyone has to do is look in your eyes to see your heart shining through, and it's a warm heart, to boot. I think Hattie has made the perfect choice"Chloe felt as if she'd just gotten a telephone hug.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Woodward said that he had told no one the name of Deep Throat.Mrs. Graham paused. 'Tell me,' she said.Woodward froze. He said he would give her the name if she wanted. He was praying she wouldn't press it. Mrs. Graham laughed, touched his arm and said she was only kidding, she didn't really want to carry that burden around with her. Woodward took a bite of his eggs, which were cold.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I’m not smarter than you, I’m more knowledgeable than you, and that’s only because I’m older than you. Parents are always more knowledgeable than their children, and children are always smarter than their parents.
Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials|As for what it's against - the story is against those who pervert and misuse religion, or any other kind of doctrine with a holy book and a priesthood and an apparatus of power that wields unchallengeable authority, in order to dominate and suppress human freedoms.
Josh Thompson|We got a fightin' side a mile wide, but we pray for peace 'cause it's mostly us that end up servin' overseas.
Martin Scorsese|As popular culture becomes more presentist, we move away from entertainment as the vicarious experience of a narrative - as watching someone else's story - and much more toward enacting one's own story. Moving away from myths and toward fantasy role-playing games, away from movies and toward videogames.
Billy Crystal|I was single for a while and dating and... I just didn't know how to do it! I've always been like that: when I was 15, there was a guy I liked, and we made out, and I thought that meant he was my boyfriend.
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|People need self-respect, that self respect must be earned – it cannot be self-respect if it's not earned – and the only way to earn anything is to achieve it in the face of the possibility of failing.
Jamie McGuire, Eden|I want all of you, forever everyday. You and me everyday.
Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls|Mma Ramotswe tucked the cheque safely away in her bodice. Modern business methods were all very well, she thought, but when it came to the safeguarding of money there were some places which had yet to be bettered.
Aishabella Sheikh|Kahana was the first to close the distance between them, joining their two universes into one. Stars exploded and meteors crashed into planets as they shared a kiss that felt like more than just magic. It was love.
Cora Carmack, All Broke Down|I hold her, and I know now why caring about another person is so damn scary. It's not that they won't care about you back, because that either happens or it doesn't. You live with it or you do everything you can to change it. The really scary thing is the moment you realize that for the rest of your life, you'll feel twice the pain, twice the joy, twice the fear. Twice as helpless to control it all, too.
Edvard Munch|Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If the African stars do not rise, are not known, remain obscure, their stories are not told – who and where is the African story teller? Your challenge if you are in the media is to continually ask if you are doing enough, using the appropriate strategies and at the right platforms. Let’s create and promote international and global stars with the talent and skills in our people, no one will do it for us.
Roberta Gellis|Current "literature" [is] well-written books in which disgusting people do disgusting things to other disgusting people for no apparent reason and with no apparent resolution.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|If you want courage, kill fear and blindfold ignorance
Richard Dawkins|The psychologist Elizabeth Loftus has shown great courage, in the face of spiteful vested interests, in demonstrating how easy it is for people to concoct memories that are entirely false but which seem, to the victim, every bit as real as true memories.
Nicole Dominique Le Maire|Consistency matters. You must learn that giving people a consistent high-quality product is of importance, like building trust across your brand. This build relational wealth - people want to know what they are about to step into and with whom.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|He knew his vampire 'sisters' would drain the girls until they were nearly dead, then feed them some of their own blood. That’s when the turning would start - as vampire and human blood mixed - and the parched agony of the Dark Kiss began.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Gujarat is my home state, welcome to the land of Krishna, Gandhi, Sardar & now it's Narendrabhai
Malala Yousafzai|I believe in freedom of speech, but I believe we should also have the right to comment on freedom of speech.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|Once back home I would adjust my lens to the resolution through which I perceived the people and provinces of the globe. My daily commute, the supermarket check out line, neighborhood walks, pedestrian tasks of any job would inspire me as much as the stir of white linen canopies in Venice’s Piazza San Marco; the velvety dunes of the eastern Sahara; Bali’s kaleidoscope of color; my Vietnamese sisters.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|People are like waves of the ocean, some cover you with tides of refreshment, whilst others drown you in floods of turmoil
Rémy de Gourmont, The Book of Masks|It is not perhaps a question of truthfulness; it is rather a natural incapacity to think for herself, to take cognizance of herself in her own brain, and not in the eyes and in the lips of others; even when the ingenuously write into little secret diaries, women think of the unknown god reading--perhaps--over their shoulders. With a similar nature, a woman, to be placed in the first ranks of men, would require even higher genius than that of the highest man; that is why, if the conspicuous works of men themselves, the finest works of women are always inferior to the worth of the women who produced them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Leaders are not worried about the respect and honour they can be given, but the impacts and influence they can give!
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|You know you possess the soul of an artist when, each time you sit down to create, the whole universe lays itself at your feet.
Alice Marks|In the spirit of the Alpha and the Omega, in the way the Alpha was theOmega, and vice versa, he knew the beginning was also the end—and that the end was just another beginning.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Patch's eyes made a slow assessment of me, sharpening to vivid black. "I'm going to have a hard time sending you off with Scott in that dress. Just a heads-up: If you come home and the dress looks even slightly tampered with, I will track Scott down, and when I find him, it won't be pretty.
Victor Hugo|To defend our country we need to gather intelligence on the enemy, but when the intelligence lies to Congress, how are we to trust them? The phone records of law abiding citizens are none of their damn business.
Rob Liano|If you think someone or something other than yourself is responsible for your happiness or success, I'd guess you're not that happy or successful.
Alyxandra Harvey, My Love Lies Bleeding|There was a family joke that Lucy's first words were, "Nicholas is bugging me!
Alice  Miller, Banished Knowledge: Facing Childhood Injuries|A human being born into a cold, indifferent world will regard his situation as the only possible one.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|I knew then I was going to die in the street without ever seeing Holly again. All because I tried to help an old woman, proving for all eternity that no good deed goes unpunished.
Heather Gladney, Teot's War|I felt something inside me rush up from tailbone to fingertips and explode in a fierce, joyful tide: that berserk rage that had nowhere to go until now.
Neil Gaiman|I do not believe that all books will or should migrate onto screens: as Douglas Adams once pointed out to me, more than 20 years before the Kindle showed up, a physical book is like a shark. Sharks are old: there were sharks in the ocean before the dinosaurs. And the reason there are still sharks around is that sharks are better at being sharks than anything else is. Physical books are tough, hard to destroy, bath-resistant, solar-operated, feel good in your hand: they are good at being books, and there wil always be a place for them.
Pittacus Lore, The Revenge of Seven|...if you bare your arse to a vengeful unicorn, the number of possible outcomes dwindles to one.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|Up until the 1950s the subject of the missionary movement was referred to as "missions" in the plural form. In fact, the term "missions" was first used in its current context by the Jesuits in the sixteenth century. But the International Missionary Council discussions in the 1950s on the missio- Dei convinced most that the mission of the Triune God was prior to any of the number of missions by Christians during the two millennia of church history. Consequently, since there was only one mission, the plural form has dropped out of familir usage and the singular form, "mission," has replaced it for the most part. Nevertheless, most churches and lay-persons hang on the plural missions. For that reason, and to make our point clear here, we will refer to it in this work from time to time while alerting believers to the coming change.
Sunday Adelaja|If stubborness were all that was needed to be a good queen, I'd rule the world.
Marc Andreessen|People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the D.M.V. and look around, you're like, Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|But how did you know where we were?" Annabeth asked.Advanced planning, my dear. I figured you would wash up near Miami if you made it out of the Sea of Monsters alive. Almost everything strange washes up near Miami.
Joseph Heller, Catch 22|There's nothing mysterious about it, He's not working at all. He's playing. Or else He's forgotten all about us. That's the kind of God you people talk about, a country bumpkin, a clumsy, bungling, brainless, conceited, uncouth hayseed. Good God, how much reverence can you have for a Supreme Being who finds it necessary to include such phenomena as phlegm and tooth decay in His divine system of Creation? What in the world was running through that warped, evil, scatological mind of His when He robbed old people of the power to control their bowel movements? Why in the world did He ever create pain?
Natasha Tsakos|Once we’ve become Gods, And Superheroes, and Spidermen(ed) through the web of potential, what will be next?
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|So if you are confused, please remember – don’t help anybody, because your help is going to be poisonous. If you are confused don’t be occupied with others, because you are simply creating trouble, your disease will become infectious. Don’t give advice to anyone, and if you have a little clarity of thought, don’t take advice from someone who is confused. Remain alert, because confused people always like to give advice. And they give it free of charge, they give it very generously!
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|There is a kind of listening with half an ear that presumes already to know what the other person has to say. It is an impatient, inattentive listening, that despises the brother and is only waiting for a chance to speak and thus get rid of the other person. This is no fulfillment of our obligation, and it is certain that here too our attitude toward our brother only reflects our relationship to God. It is little wonder that we are no longer capable of the greatest service of listening that God has committed to us, that of hearing our brother's confession, if we refuse to give ear to our brother on lesser subjects. Secular education today is aware that often a person can be helped merely by having someone who will listen to him seriously, and upon this insight it has constructed its own soul therapy, which has attracted great numbers of people, including Christians. But Christians have forgotten that the ministry of listening has been committed to them by Him who is Himself the great listener and whose work they should share. We should listen with the ears of God that we may speak the Word of God.
Jo Ann Davis|Hackers find more success with organizations where employees are under appreciated, over worked and under paid. Why would anyone in an organization like that care enough to think twice before clicking on a phishing email?
Shūsaku Endō, Scandal|True religion should be able to respond to the dark melodies, the faulty and hideous sounds that echo from the heart of men.
Christine Feehan, Safe Harbor|In their quest for power and self-importance, to compensate for whatever feelings of social inadequacy or sexual insecurity, they (Politicians)are prepared to perpetrate something which is hard to distinguish from mass murder if they think they can get away with it...
|We were all born with the potential to win massively, but you must still play your cards right in order to inevitably solidify it.
Irma Joubert, The Girl From the Train|life is like a silver coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you can spend it once.
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|That echo. It played in his head at unexpected moments, repeating certain sounds and making nonsense of them. But could you remember an echo? Memory itself was like another kind of echo, everything duplicating endlessly, in shadow versions of itself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Great moment, great memory.
Milan Rúfus, And That's the Truth!|Healthy ChoicesHold stillKeep quiet.Get a degree to learn how to talksaying nothing.Catch a good manby being demure.the one your mother chooses.Let him climb youwhenever his urge,amidst headachesand menstrual achesand screaming infants.And when he bidsquick, turn over.Hold still.Make your tonguea slab of cementa white stone etchedwith your name.Kill your stories with knivesand knitting needlesand Clorox bleach.Hide in your mysteriousnessby saying nothing.Starch your thoughtswith ironed shirts.Tie your angerwith a knot inyour throatand when he comeswithout concernswallow it.Hold still.Keep desirehopeless as iceand sleepless nightsand painful as pinched eyelid.Keep your fingersfrom the razor,keep your longingto severhis condescensionsafely in your douchbag.Turn the bladeagainst yourself.Don't twitchas your slashed wristsstain your bathroom tiles.Disinfect with Pine Sol.Hold still. Keep quiet.Keep tight your lips,keep dead your dreams,keep cold your heart.Keep quiet.And he will shoutpraisesto yourperfection.
Erik Pevernagie|Power and glory are two dialectic energies working in common ground. Taking a glimpse of the meandering under swell of glory in the shade of power, can be very inspiring and illuminating. ("The power and the glory" )
Julia Child|In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.
Christina Engela|If you 'don't do politics', trust me - politics will do you.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|When your cause is noble, you shall never know fear.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|We may repeatedly try to get our need for sex or our need for communication met by our partner. If our attempts are met with rejection over and over again, we may eventually stop asking. We tend to give up rather than keep setting ourselves up for regular rejection.
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|According to the historian William H. McNeil, European churches did not have pews until sometime in the eighteenth century. People stood or milled around, creating a very different dynamic than we find in today's churches, where people are expected to spend most of their time sitting.
Bridgette L. Collins|Eating healthy is not so much about what you eat, but what you don’t eat.
Simon Conway Morris|I've consciously tried not to romanticize anything, especially not intelligence work. I've always said that I've been writing a series of episodic, naturalistic novels. The people just happen to be spies, politicians, civil servants.
Black Elk|The problem is I am both a procrastinator and a power junkie, so I am very frustrating to work with.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you try to do a task at your odd hours, you will waste so much time only to find out that you did a poor job after all.
Bertrand Russell, Bertrand Russell's Best|The problem of political theory is how to combine that degree of individual initiative which is necessary for progress, with the degree of social cohesion which is necessary for survival.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I turned in my seat. Will’s face was in shadow and I couldn’t quite make it out.‘Just hold on. Just for a minute.’‘Are you all right?’ I found my gaze dropping towards his chair, afraid some part of him was pinched, or trapped, that I had got something wrong.‘I’m fine. I just . . . ’I could see his pale collar, his dark suit jacket a contrast against it.‘I don’t want to go in just yet. I just want to sit and not have to think about . . . ’ He swallowed.Even in the half-dark it seemed effortful.‘I just . . . want to be a man who has been to a concert with a girl in a red dress. Just for a few minutes more.’I released the door handle.‘Sure.’I closed my eyes and lay my head against the headrest, and we sat there together for a while longer, two people lost in remembered music, half hidden in the shadow of a castle on a moonlit hill.
Michael Polanyi|When you're looking that far out, you're giving people their place in the universe, it touches people. Science is often visual, so it doesn't need translation. It's like poetry, it touches you.
Deyth Banger|Confidence now, in the past and it will continue to be the mankind problem!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Stop judging yourself on the basis of your appearance or condition of present circumstances. You may have an old car, in debt, job stress, and a troubled relationship, but they are not a true reflection of you as long as you are working on the vision of what you will be years from now.
Bashō Matsuo, Japanese Haiku|If there'd been an astronaut on the moon right then, I'm sure I could have seen him. Perhaps he could have looked down and seen me too... the only one who could.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|We are always trying to convert people to a belief in our own explanation of the universe. We think that the more people there are who believe as we do, the more certain it will be that what we believe is the truth. But it doesn't work that way at all.
Liliane Mavridara|Living a fulfilling relationship requires courage, nakedness and absolute fearlessness.
John C. Wright|Humanity degenerating into one huge interconnected endlessly fragmenting fleshy sub-Reddit of weird fetishes and fucking doge memes, with the government periodically digging for information they can flog to advertisers and overseas power brokers to kill time and boost the coffers between illegal wars and cumming toxic jizz into the atmosphere.
Barbara Ehrenreich|The Secret Revelation of John opens, again, in crisis. The disciple John, grieving Jesus' death, is walking toward the temple when he meets a Pharisee who mocks him for having been deceived by a false messiah. These taunts echoed John's own fear and doubt.
Liberty Stone, Crossing a Line: Womens Erotica|I didn't pay much attention to Jared until he blocked my view of the couple by standing in front of me. I almost protested, but then he turned his body and bent over. What I saw when he did was enough to make me start begging for him to undo the restraints holding me in the chair.
Peter St. John, Gang Loyalty|A wife! No one else could love a man who had been trampled on by iron feet. She would wash his feet after he had been spat on; she would comb his tangled hair; she would look into his embittered eyes. The more lacerated his soul, the more revolting and contemptible he became to the world, the more she would love him. She would run after a truck; she would wait in queues on Kuznetsky Most, or even by the camp boundary fence, desperate to hand over a few sweets or an onion; she would bake shortbread for him on an oil stove; she would give years of her life just to be able to see him for half an hour... Not every woman you sleep with can be called a wife.
Pat Benatar|I just feel energized when I am around young, talented people. There is something about these kids that's amazing. I learn as much from them as they do from me.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Man has always seen himself the peak of creation. The part of the universe that thinks. The purpose for it all. It's no doubt a gratifying view, but the universe may have a different opinion.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|He kissed me hard and I kissed him back harder, like it was the end of an era that had lasted all of my life.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|It all seemed so impossible, so difficult after searching for her, not knowing for so long. How many times had his daughter suffered some human sickness, death or heartache over the course of her many lifetimes? How many times had she loved, cried and been without her father when she most needed him most?
Manoj Arora, Dream On: Every setback is a little nudge from HIM to Dream On|You did not come this far, just to come this far.
Margaret Mead|I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Vision attained through mindful thinking, imagination and purpose reveals both the forest and the trees – as well as a path forward.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|How do you know whether you're serious about your values? You fight for them when they're violated even if it costs you title, favor, friendship, and profit.
Cathie Pelletier, The One-Way Bridge|Never had anyone said, "Listen. Life is short. Pretend your body is still in its twenties. Jump for the brass ring. Swing for those bleachers. Dive into the deep end of the pool. Act like a fool if you must, but at least *live*.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|You've got the holy trinity of what a girl wants, she said. Cute, smart, funny. I don't think you realize that.
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|The world-traveler must, on the one hand, be ready (and actually seek) to visit a tribe in the Solomon Islands or stay with Tibetan nomads; on the other hand, he has to be prepared, when it is required, to wear his suit to attend a classical music concert in a big metropolis. Just as an important part of exploring Brazil is to visit its shantytowns, it is an indispensable part of understanding the French culture to eat at a gourmet restaurant in Paris.
Stephan Labossiere|Some people don’t realize what they have until it’s gone, but that does not always mean they are supposed to get it back.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If you can't write clearly, you probably don't think nearly as well as you think you do.
Georges Bataille|If literature stays away from evil, it rapidly becomes boring.
Carla H. Krueger, Sleeping with the Sun|On some days she was able to see both sun and moon at the same time. Like feuding cousins, they hung in two corners of the vast world-ceiling refusing to look at one another. The moon was always harder to spot and more faded, but it was there if you looked, as many things were.
Wendy Jones, The Thoughts and Happenings of Wilfred Price, Purveyor of Superior Funerals|Nature is fine in love, fine as in thin and delicate, as in not firm. We move to attach, more than we understand, to things and people we love that we feel might be an anchoring point for this fine, precious love. When those anchors disappear, a part of us disappears, too. Well, that’s how it was for me at least.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let it all go to waste…For what I long for, I’m bound to resign!Bittersweet is, like the taste of wine,This Love’s captivating taste.Let my heart be tormented by wonderIt will never manage to attain.On my window symphony of rain,Open seas resound in strikes of thunder.Let my soul be lost, ‘til Sun is set,And be found reborn within its death,I surrender the very last breath,Confessing my sins with no regret.Let it all go to waste, indeed.For with or without it, the sentence is pain.Therefore, in my stillness, silenced will remain,Everlasting dream and consuming need.
Jeremy Northam|I like Thomas Jefferson, though he intimidated me. I thought he would have been very tough to be around. I don't know if he had such a sense of humor.
