Matthew Syed|If you list down whatever you didn’t get to do, then whatever you did won’t feel like it mattered.
Debbie Reynolds|Growing up, when I was younger, I didn't feel all that tough or smart or strong. As I got older, I was able to discover my own strength.
Arika Stone, The Sanctuary|Have you ever heard about string theory? Everything is tied together, works together, shrinks, expands, and breathes together. Maybe we're on the same string, baby. We're right beside each other. We're the same thing." His mouth takes mine. He pulls away. "My blood, your blood..." Another kiss...his voice hot on my cheek. "One day I tried to calculate the odds of how we met. The odds of February 14. There are no odds. For us, there are no odds because it isn't chance." - Kellan
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Please… Whoever you are, whatever you are… I believe in you even though I don’t completely understand you. I feel you around me even though I can’t exactly describe what I’m feeling. Sometimes things happen to me and I know that you’re there and I’m humbled by the lack of coincidence that exists in the world. Whatever you want from me, it’s yours — just please help me. You know how I get when I lose control, and I find myself constantly being pulled back there these days.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|But all these hints at foreseeing what actually did happen on the French as well as on the Russian side are only conspicuous now because the event has justified them. If the event had not come to pass, these hints would have been forgotten, as thousands and millions of suggestions and supposition are now forgotten that were current at the period, but have been shown by time to be unfounded and so have been consigned to oblivion.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity|Since defeat in the Struggle must always be envisaged, the preparation of one's own successors is as important as what one does for victory.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|You have only 3 days-yesterday is won or lost-today is just with you.Tomorrow you have not.Act now, unlock your potentials
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, interview brave people and learn their secrets.Whom do you know that displays courage and confidence? Ask them for their best practices, mimic their actions, follow their steps, utilize their methods. Ask if they will mentor you.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|She had a way of moving that moved him as much as music, which was what moved him most of all. Surely the spirit animating that pearless body must be unusual too? Why would nature make a vessel like that, if not to contain something still more valuable?
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Without struggle, success has no value.
Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark|Amy, listen to me. What I do. The choices I make. They're mine. Only mine. The consequences of those decisions—mine."Mine," he repeated when she sighed heavily. "No one else's."Silence. Only the warm wetness of her tears dampening his shirt.It broke his heart.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|Dear bullies, see that young boy you made fun of for crying? Last night his best friend committed suicide. See the girl you called fat? She's starving herself. See the old man you just made fun of cause of the ugly scars? He fought for our country. Post this if you're against bullying. I bet 95% of you won't.
Dada Bhagwan|How much is your sincerity, that much will be ‘Our’ divine grace (krupa). This is the measure of grace.
Stephen R. Lawhead|Who upholds the gorsedd if not You? Who counts the ages of the world if not You? Who commands the Wheel of Heaven if not You? Who quickens life in the womb if not You? Therefore, God of All Virtue and Power, sain us and shield us with Your Swift Sure Hand.
J.A. Perez|you could wait to do something for God, but if He waited to do something for you, you couldn't finish reading this sentence...
Abhijit Naskar|The important thing is not to survive, but to live.
Kamy Wicoff, Wishful Thinking|What had she been thinking, suggesting to Alicia, of all people, that a time-travel app was the solution to the problems of women in poverty? 'Are you talking about my community? You didn't even think highly enough of me to let me in on your little scheme, and now you think it will be God's gift to throw a bunch of poor women through a wormhole every day so they can take care of their children and collect their welfare checks at the same time? That's your solution? Time travel is easier than passing affordable child care?	Jennifer said nothing. Alicia, of course, was right. Years ago she had chosen to name the center It Takes a Village because, from the beginning, she had hated the every-person-for-herself attitude that isolated and blame so many of the residents the agency worked with. Yet she had just suggested that the answer to the multiplying burdens face by single mothers, in particular, was not for the village to gather around them, but for these women to multiply themselves instead.	The same answer, she thought, that she had applied to herself when her own burdens had seemed too much to bear.
Daya Kudari|The problem is not that people make any bond of affection they like with people they like; the problem is calling that bond of affection "love.
Amy Chua|Over time, parents have barnacled the most routine activities in infancy with their own preoccupations. It's sometimes hard to see the baby for all the barnacles.
Carsten Ostergaard Pedersen|That what you think that you are, that, you are
Truth Devour, Wantin|I know, I know…there’s something cliché about that. The heroine initially wanting to clobber a protagonist male, but later realizing that he’s grown on her and she actually really likes him. Technically, I’m not supposed to find that appealing. But maybe real life is a lot more cliché than anyone wants to admit. Or maybe there’s just a fine, subjective line between the cliché and the poetic.
Erika Swyler, The Mermaid Girl: A Story|Sometimes you made love to a man because you wanted your body to feel something other than the aches and pains of use. Sometimes you made love to man because he looked so good that you wanted to try him on. Sometimes you made love to a man because he fathered your children, he made you a home, he loved you, and he staunched the parts of you that were always bleeding. Sometimes you made love to a man because you felt split in two, and joining with him pulled you back together.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Math is a hard subject.... - no silence from you and skipping this and going to the next quote, didn't you done this?
T. Everett Smith, Freedom for Life|How you perceive The Father to be, determines what you believe you’ll receive from Him."From "Freedom for LIFE -all of God, inside you
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Outside the box" is an overused cliche which goes nowhere near far enough. In fact, there are so many politicians and salesmen thinking outside the box these days that I am convinced that all of their boxes are completely empty!
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|She mourned the history that the invisible intruder had erased, but not enough that she would spend a second more of her future feeling the emptiness.
Noam Chomsky|I'm trying my best to keep up with all this new technology, and I surround myself with all these wonderful people that are in the know and kind of help me out with all that.
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist|The modern spirit is a hesitant one. Spontaneity has given way to cautious legalisms, and the age of heroes has been superseded by a cult of specialization. We have no more giants; only obedient ants.
David Crystal|For me, good service is efficient and discreet; it's that critical balance. As soon as the client sits down, the communication flow has to start. Customers need to feel that the waiters are supervised - that there's a system in place.
George Clooney|I had my Aunt Rosie, who was famous and then not, so I got a lesson in fame early on. And I understood how little it has to do with you. And also how you could use it.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Felice‎|Scepticism does not abolish the world, it turns it into questions.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|I have never felt the need to invent a world beyond this world, for this world has always seemed large and beautiful enough for me. I have wondered why it is not large and beautiful enough for others.
Alexandra York, Crosspoints: A Novel of Choice|One thing more, Leon. You say that life is meaningless, but I believe it's life that's sacred. I talk about art and sex because they're the most intense life experiences I know, so I feel they must be sacred too. They let us experience the values we've chosen for our lives in one exquisite not of pleasure exactly but of oneness with all of existence and with our own personal relationship to it. Art says: "This is Life." Sex says: "This is Living.
Tamora Pierce, The Will of the Empress|And she told you something about yourself you really ought to know: that you're beautiful, and worth loving.
Shaun Hick|There is greater clarity in the still waters of sadness, something not found in the babbling brooks of more sought after emotions.
Maya Angelou|Change is the most beneficial power available to you, simply change the things you don't like, replacing them with your true desires.
Deyth Banger, The Life of One Kid 1|Pain by itself made from words which have gone to action, by itself is unsolveable problem.
Tony Vigorito, Just a Couple of Days|It all seems like a horrible tragedy, with fate pressing on relentlessly to some destined end. Everything that one does seems, no matter how right it may be, to bring on the very thing which is most to be deplored.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|Oh diary, I love her, I love her, I love her so much. Jordana is the most amazing person I have ever met. I could eat her. I could drink her blood. She's the only person I would allow to be shrunk to microscopic size and explore me in a tiny submersible machine. She is wonderful and beautiful and sensitive and funny and sexy. She's too good for me, she's too good for anyone! All I could do was let her know. I said: "I love you more than words. And I am a big fan of words.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|In war, our elders may give the orders...but it is the young who have to fight.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You are ass and I like class. I like diamonds, you are a glass. You brown mouse, I like black cats. You boy pussy but i like tom cats. Just because you got the dance, don't think you stand a fucking chance.
Daniel Boone|The years of the economic depression have been years of political reaction, and that is why the economic crisis has generated a world peace crisis.
H.G. Wells|God is so cruel," she murmured reflectively, as though answering him."Yes," he admitted, from the vantage point of going blind. "Though maybe people are kinder if He made them that way.""You've run with a different crowd. Rich people are nicer to rich people.""Sure. Yes. That's why I've washed up here. Rich people couldn't have been nicer to me.
Shannon L. Alder|Be honest with who you are, what you want and how you want to be treated. Boundaries only scare off the people that were not meant to be in your life.
René Descartes, Discourse on Method|I’ve yet to see any problem, however complicated, which when you looked at it the right way didn’t become still more complicated.
Stephen King, UR|Excuse me, I have five pages. May I use the Xerox machine because I have to make some copies? The result was that once again nearly all (93 percent) agreed, even though no real reason, no new information, was added to justify their compliance. Just as the “cheep-cheep” sound of turkey chicks triggered an automatic mothering response from maternal turkeys—even when it emanated from a stuffed polecat—so, too, did the word “because” trigger an automatic compliance response
Werley Nortreus|Inside the terminal at Keahole, they sat waiting to board, watching husky Hawaiians load luggage onto baggage ramps. Arriving tourists smiled at their dark, muscled bodies, handsome full-featured faces, the ease with which they lifted things of bulk and weight. Departing tourists took snapshots of them. 'That's how they see us', Pono whispered. 'Porters, servants. Hula Dancers, clowns. They never see us as we are, complex, ambiguous, inspired humans.' 'Not all haole see us that way...'Jess argued. Vanya stared at her. 'Yes, all Haole and every foreigner who comes here puts us in one of two categories: The malignant stereotype of vicious, drunken, do-nothing kanaka and their loose-hipped, whoring wahine. Or, the benign stereotype of the childlike, tourist-loving, bare-foot, aloha-spirit natives.
Lucian Bane, The Judgement|What GOD has joined together, let no man put asunder. Your consummation is an eternal binding. It is a glorious mystery not realized by many, and abused by most." ~SCRIBER~
Alfred Kazin|One writes to make a home for oneself, on paper, in time and in others' minds.
Amanda Hodgkinson, 22 Britannia Road|My memories are like a shuffled deck of cards, each one coming up at random.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Why do smart people exist, if not to figure out convoluted problems?
Corey Dale-Gardener|If you simply love the Universe, the Universe can't help but love you straight back!
Margaret Atwood, You are Happy|Kill what you can't savewhat you can't eat throw outwhat you can't throw out buryWhat you can't bury give awaywhat you can't give away you must carry with you,it is always heavier than you thought.
Thomas Fuller|If it were not for hopes, the heart would break.
Sunday Adelaja|For the first time in human history, most people are doing things that could never interest a child enough to want to tag along. That says less about the child than about us.
J.A. Redmerski, The Black Wolf|Can't be loyal to everyone, it's a conflict of interest.
Jill Wolfson, Cold Hands, Warm Heart|I am neither modern nor ancient - just contemporary, as every Guru was. If one is not relevant for today, what is the point?
Francis Galton|So, yeah, insane people give me hope. Courage to go on being sane and alive, always with the cure at hand, should I ever tire and need it: madness.
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|But sooner or later we find that not everything is to our liking in this book. It starts out sweet to our taste; and then we find it doesn't sit well with us at all, it becomes bitter in our stomachs. Finding ourselves in this book is most pleasant, flattering even, and then we find that the book is not written to flatter us, but to involve us in a reality, God's reality, that doesn't cater to our fantasies of ourselves.
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Before We BeginIs Your Bug A nice clean original car that looks almost like itleft the showroom yesterday?P.S. All work should be carried out in consultation with a reliable workshop manual with regard to torque settings, gaps, procedures, sequences disassembly, reassembly, where to hide the leftover parts, etc. I will accept no responsibility for anything resulting fromyou or anybody else trying anything as described in this document whatsoever – but if it works or you end up with some amusing stories to tell someone else’s grandchildren, please feel free to drop me a line. (No death threats please.)Sincerely,Christina Engela
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|There is an uncharacteristic radicalism to Lewis’s further suggestion that if we can find “even one reader to whom the cheap little book with its double columns and the lurid daub on its cover had been a lifelong delight, who had read and reread it, who would notice, and object, if a single word were changed, then, however little we could see in it ourselves and however it was despised by our friends and colleagues, we should not dare to put it beyond the pale.
Albert Einstein|One must divide one's time between politics and equations. But our equations are much more important to me, because politics is for the present, while our equations are for eternity.
Eloisa James, When Beauty Tamed the Beast|Neythen looked perplexed. 'My mum always said I'm named after a saint, not an illness.''Which one?''Well he had his head chopped off, see? And then he picked it up and carried it down the road a time. All the way back home, I think.''Messy,' Piers said. 'Not to mention unlikely, though one has to think of chickens and their post-mortal abilities. Did she think that you would inherit the same gift?'Neythen blinked. 'No, my lord.''Perhaps she was just hopeful. It behooves mothers to look ahead to this sort of possibility, after all. I'm tempted to behead you just to see if she was right.Sometimes the most unlikely superstitions turn out to have a basis in fact.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Crocodile Chamber|The money we slaved for, bought information that kept us all trapped inside a chamber of lies and running on a greed wheel.
Daniel Boulud|In a way song writing can almost be detrimental, because suddenly you find an outlet that is a kind of cheating. You don't need to have direct communication. You can say, 'I can't describe it to you, but I will record it and send it to you.'
Bhavik Sarkhedi|[D]oubt, the principle of theoretic freedom, appears to me a crime. … [T]he highest crime is doubt in God, or the doubt that God exists. … [T]hat which I do not trust myself to doubt, … without feeling disturbed in my soul, without incurring guilt; that is no matter of theory, but a matter of conscience[.]
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Patience is bitter, but bears a sweet fruit.
Marilynne Robinson|...when we condescend, when we act consistently with a sense of the character of people in general which demeans them, we impoverish them AND ourselves, and preclude our having a part in the creation of the highest wealth, the testimony to the mysterious beauty of life we all value in psalms and tragedies and epics and meditations, in short stories and novels.
Lynn Kelling, Bound By Lies| 'I'm not that easy to get rid of,' Andre retorts. 'As you know well. What state are you in? Besides confusion.' 
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Everything is good as it comes from the hands of the Maker of the world, but degenerates once it gets into the hands of man
Mehmet Murat ildan|if you fix a bug, sometimes there’s no guarantee won't bring up another bug
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless. It enslaves him almost before he has tasted freedom. The 'ologies' will tell you how its done Theology calls it building a conscience or developing a spirit of selflessness. Psychology calls it the growth of the superego.Considering how long society has been at it, you'd expect a better job. But the campaigns have been badly planned and the victory has never been secured.
Robert E. Howard|I am a vampire, and that is the truth.
Marilyn Monroe, Marilyn: Her Life in Her Own Words|just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Jonathan Brownlee|A coach once told me there are four factors that determine a players' performance: his tactical awareness, his physical condition, his technical ability and his mental strength.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|Real life, life finally uncovered and clarified, the only life in consequence lived to the full, is literature. Life in this sense dwells within all ordinary people as much as the artist. But they do not see it because they are not trying to shed light on it.
Danielle Pierre|Don't seek love externally, it's fleeting. Go beyond the ego and awaken thelove that already exists within; it will encompass everyone andeverything in your life; it will permeate your very being.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|The irony of lifeIs our greatest fear is to forget,Yet it's the only certain fateThat anything has ever met.We know one day our earthWill find itself victim to time,That nothing will be leftTo tell of your story or mine,And still through life we rushScrambling for something to remember,Perish the thought that ash be ashAnd not the memory of an ember.
Sunday Adelaja|Mental understanding cannot change our life, unless it becomes real understanding.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|He found her utterly fascinating, a nameless, homeless, naked vampire, sleeping away the day in his bed, wanted by state and federal police.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
Pablo Picasso|Dawn and sunset are the times when Nature herself is unstable and in flux. The nocturnal world and the daytime world are meeting, and for a brief time coexisting. It's not a neat hard cut, but a blurred, irregular dissolve. These moments are the seams in existence through which we can get a glimpse of the deeper, fundamentally random, chance workings of a system in which we are only a small, insignificant player.
Yann Martel, The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios|How does one say in the jargon of musicology that my sould was pulled out of me and thrown up in the air, to be tossed about by the music. How does one say that I breathed, that I existed, in harmony with the ups and downs of those notes. What kind of notes both elevate and cast down, exalt and crush?
Augustine of Hippo, Expositions on the Book of Psalms: Psalms I - LXXII|ritual maturity is not defined by how well one applies Biblical principles to “suppress sin”. If you are capable of suppressing your sins or managing them, you would have no need for a Redeemer.
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|Of all the numerous forms that governments have taken over the centuries, of all the concepts and institutions that have been tried, none has succeeded in keeping the State in check.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is not found in serenity, tranquility or surrealism. It is found in harmony of thoughts, actions, and reality.
Megan Fox|When I was little, my mom tells me, I used to say things like, 'Mom do you hear the string section? Do you hear the string section?' And she would look at me and say, 'No honey, I don't know what you're talking about.'
Anna Sands, Falling For Therapy: Psychotherapy From A Client's Point Of View|There is a difference between what I actually want and what I want to have fantasies about. (...) There is a part of my imagination which is a playground, a playground in which I am queen. It fulfils my need to have a fantasy land, and that need may be born of creativity as well as lack or repression. Our fantasies are about exploration and experimentation and the power of the imagination. Looked at intelligently, they can reveal a great deal. But there is a difference between fantasising and thinking about our hopes for the future.
Tiara Tanishq Abraham 7yearold college prodigies|What if it were possible or even entertaining, to recreate and transform one of the old myths and infuse it with a different meaning?...Imagine being guided by your mythology that it is better to thrive and prosper, than just to survive.
Lucas Scott|It was a comet. The boy saw the comet and he felt as though his life had meaning. And when it went away, he waited his entire life for it to come back to him. It was more than just a comet because of what it brought to his life: direction, beauty, meaning. There are many who couldn't understand, and sometimes he walked among them. But even in his darkest hours, he knew in his heart that someday it would return to him, and his world would be whole again... And his belief in God and love and art would be re-awakened in his heart. The boy saw the comet and suddenly his life had meaning.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is anger-pride-deceit-greed [kashay], there is fire, and as long as there is fire, there will be scorching pain of the furnace.
Joyce Meyer|I have so many indie bands on my iPod. What I don't really understand is the attitude that if a band is unknown, they're good, and if they get fans, then you move on to the next band.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With God, everything will work for my good.
Sally Mann|The history of soccer is a sad voyage from beauty to duty. When the sport became an industry, the beauty that blossoms from the joy of play got torn out by its very roots.
Will Smith|And at a relatively early age, ten or so, I invested my first share of stock. And I used to follow, look at companies and so forth. But throughout the whole period, and indeed right through my college years, while I was involved in the stock market, always interested in finance, I never thought of it as a full-time job.
Heraclitus of Ephesus, Heraclitus of Ephesus: The Fragments of the Work of Heraclitus of Ephesus on Nature and Heracliti Ephesii Reliquiae|Now, Mr. Antonio. I understand that there are people who are close to you who want me dead.”“No, mija. They don’t want you dead.”“Then explain this.” I handed him the picture.He chuckled again.“No, they don’t want you dead. That would be too easy. They want revenge.”Cold sweat broke out all over me, but I kept my face calm. I looked at him straight in the eye.“Well, then they are going to be quite disappointed, aren’t they?” I flashed my teeth at him.“Senorita, you might want to warn Senor Smith, you see, my nephew he doesn’t like to share, and if he sees another man after you, he’ll get very, eh, aggressive.” The silver fox looked at me and winked.“Oh, he won’t have to worry.” I said as I was walking out the door. “I doubt he will be alive long enough to know Agent Smith.”Then I slammed the door.
Job 12:7-10|Tragically, some people believe they are going to heaven when they die just because a few drops of water were sprinkled over their heads a few weeks after their birth. They have no personal faith, have never made a personal decision, and are banking on a hollow ceremony to save them. How absurd.
Sonia Rumzi|Literature can stop my heart and execute me for a moment, allow me to become someone else.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|The problem of anxiety isn't that the organism responds to threats by near-instantly powering up. That's clearly a good thing, species-survival-wise. It's that sometimes the organism starts seeing threats too readily.
Frances O'Grady|Walking at random through the streets, we came by chance upon the Cathedral of Notre Dame. I shall long remember my first impression of the scene within. The lofty gothic ceiling arched far above my head and through the stained windows the light came but dimly - it was all still, solemn and religious.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you listen to music every day, you will be happy.
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Belle, go. If I was your age, I wouldn't have hesitated for a moment. You will always come back here, and I will always be here. And we will have those talks we need. Everyone should have a journey - and everyone should also have a home, too. Go out into the world for adventure, come home for love.
Pushkar Saraf|You can never clear a thought from someone's mind, which is incepted by a external cause. thy you know the truth, let it pass patience and self realization is the key to clearance.
Jodi Linton, Pretty Shameless|Have you checked your ass out lately? It’s pretty dang distracting, darling.” ~ Gunner Wilson
Lailah Gifty Akita|As I explored my soul, now I know I have survived schizophrenia; hearing voices, reduced social engagement, emotional expression and lack of motivation.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is a byproduct of positive, wealth-oriented thoughts.
G.K. Chesterton, A Chesterton calendar|The object of a New Year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes.
Kate Bolick|Whom to marry, and when will it happen—these two questions define every woman’s existence, regardless of where she was raised or what religion she does or doesn’t practice. She may grow up to love women instead of men, or to decide she simply doesn’t believe in marriage. No matter. These dual contingencies govern her until they’re answered, even if the answers are nobody and never.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dragonbane|In the tunnel where I was raped, a tunnel that was once an underground entry to an amphitheater, a place where actors burst forth from underneath the seats of a crowd, a girl had been murdered and dismembered. I was told this story by the police. In comparison, they said, I was lucky.
Asim kayani|If in doubt,trust your instincts because either you are right or lack the bite to fix it right.
Pamela Freeman, Blood Ties|One of the reasons I love Murder is that victims are, as a general rule, dead... I don't make a habit of sharing this, in case people take me fore a sicko or- worse-a wimp, but give me a dead child, any day, over a child sobbing his heart out while you make him tell you what the bad man did next. Dead victims don't show up outside HQ to beg for answers, you never have to nudge them into reliving every hideous moment, and you never have to worry, and you never have to worry about what it'll do to their lives if you fuck up. They stay put in the morgue, light-years beyond anything I can do right or wrong, and leave me free to focus on the people who sent them there.
Thomas Sowell|Despite a voluminous and often fervent literature on "income distribution," the cold fact is that most income is not distributed: It is earned.
Felicity Jones|Everybody knows about Peter Jackson, 'The Hobbit' movies and 'The Lord of the Rings' films being made in New Zealand, and to actually have been part of it for such a long period, to live there and to have friends that I will have for life because of that experience, is an amazing thing.
Jon Katz, The Dogs of Bedlam Farm: An Adventure with Sixteen Sheep, Three Dogs, Two Donkeys, and Me|My closest friend at this time was my tiny pet dog - it was one of the cute little breeds that people in other countries put frocks on. I wouldn't have been allowed to do that, because putting clothes on dogs was a well-known example of capitalist degeneracy.
Garry Fitchett, Life Is a Bicycle: A Living Philosophy to Finding Your Authenticity|Given that the Taliban is a Pashtun movement, the tendency of the Pashtun man to emphasize his individuality through disagreement rather than agreement will come to the fore after the disappearance of the already 'loose' authority of Mullah Omar.
Gary   Hopkins|Sometimes we fall into the negative so deeply that we do not realize our first instinctive reaction to everything is to think negatively or to "look" for the bad in every situation. The phrase "too good to be true" directly comes from this aspect of ourselves. To be cautious can be good in certain situations, but to dismiss every interaction or idea to the possibility of "bad things happening" puts us in a place where the beautiful or the divine never gets a chance to fully blossom. Mind your thoughts carefully, as you are the only one who can allow happiness to thrive in your life
Queen Elizabeth II|Religious beliefs evolved by group-selection, tribe competing against tribe, and the illogic of religions is not a weakness but their essential strength.
Susan Weitzman, Not To People Like Us: Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages|When others witness or comment on abusive behaviors, the little voice that the upscale abused wife once heard inside her and ignored or muffled becomes amplified. Slowly she starts to recognize that she must stop enduring the abuse. . . . each woman comes to grips with her situation at her own pace. However, talking to others is key to her growing capacity to recognize and label her experiences, reclaim herself, target important turning points, and ultimately leave her tormentor.
Roman Reigns|Now, you lose something in your life, or you come into a conflict, and there's gonna come a time that you're gonna know: There was a reason for that. And at the end of your life, all the things you thought were periods, they turn out to be commas. There was never a full stop in any of it.
Alan Watts|A rare experience of a moment at daybreak, when something in nature seems to reveal all consciousness, cannot be explained at noon. Yet it is part of the day's unity.
Anya Wylde, Penelope|Can I have my ear back?" He asked irritably.She blinked."Mother, can you tell this creature here to loosen her hold?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|The unknown," said Faxe's soft voice in the forest, "the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion. No Handdara, no Yomesh, no hearthgods, nothing. But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. ... Tell me, Genry, what is known? What is sure, unpredictable, inevitable -- the one certain thing you know concerning your future, and mine?"That we shall die."Yes, There's really only one question that can be answered, Genry, and we already know the answer. ... The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|What’s left of what your body was —once the girl with bare shoulder blades , giggling, once the girl galloping an imaginary horse, once the girl sleeping in her sequined red dress— was now ash in a jar. Grains of bone. But then, I knew it wasn’t you anymore. You were somewhere more.
Kelly Cutrone|If you don't have a well-thought out dream, you can start by figuring out where you want to go. If you cannot see yourself fairly or accurately represented in the community you live (from restaurants to department stores to clothing choices to conversations at the dinner table) and nothing there makes you feel awake or alive, I suggest you start doing some research on some other communities.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Felice‎|I have no memory for things I have learned, nor things I have read, nor things experienced or heard, neither for people nor events; I feel that I have experienced nothing, learned nothing, that I actually know less than the average schoolboy, and that what I do know is superficial, and that every second question is beyond me. I am incapable of thinking deliberately; my thoughts run into a wall. I can grasp the essence of things in isolation, but I am quite incapable of coherent, unbroken thinking. I can’t even tell a story properly; in fact, I can scarcely talk.
Kevin Rudd|Optimists are usually wrong. But all the great change in history, positive change, was done by optimists.
Dada Bhagwan|When you give decision that the guilty is not guilty, only then will the guilty become not guilty.
Shannon L. Alder|But here is the thing about the stars and all of it's faults: We don't understand everything about it, but we still love it's beauty and wonder. We know of all the dangers, but we would still go there just because we wanted to touch the stars.
Neal Asher, The Departure|One day it's the ringing of the bells and the casting down of the evil tyrant, and the next it's everyone sitting around complaining that ever since the tyrant was overthrown no one's been taking out the trash.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|You idiot!" She spat, flattening her ears. "What are you doing in my territory?""Drowning?" Replied Graystripe. "Can't you do that in your own territory?" "Ah, but who would rescue me there?
Onyi Anyado|Creativity is the new currency, so, are you credited with new thoughts or overdrawn in old thinking?
Rosalie De Rosset, Unseduced and Unshaken: The Place of Dignity in a Woman's Choices|You can't tell the audience — well, you can, but I don't like to tell the audience — that anything they're watching doesn't matter.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|My next fight would not be measured in rounds, but throughout a lifetime. It would sustain and fulfill me longer than anything in the cage could. My opponent, my fight, would be against the slipping aspects of American society.
Matisyahu|I can be a binger when it comes to information, but most of the time, I'm pretty good, and I try to focus on my own life and personal communication.
S. Foster|We are not entitled to ALL of anything, not even ourselves... and rightfully so.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|Since i was born, i have realized that; all things that people do in this world are mostly based on the lies of their grand grand parents.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|If you live in a past dream, you don't enjoy what is happening right now because you will always wish it to be different than it is. There is no time to miss anyone or anything because you are alive. Not enjoying what is happening right now is living in the past and being only half alive. This leads to self pity, suffering and tears.
Maria Goeppert Mayer|Mathematics began to seem too much like puzzle solving. Physics is puzzle solving, too, but of puzzles created by nature, not by the mind of man.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|Help her," Peter pleaded. "Do something. You have ways. Your potions. Your medicines. Do something.
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|All I am saying is that when you really, really like someone, when you feel like they’re the only person you want to see at the end of a long day, when you’ve really gotten to know them and you feel like they’ve gotten to know you, ask them. When you’re no longer interested in pursuing other relationships and other people, or when you’re ready to focus your attention on one person, or when you feel like you can’t stop smiling because this person sparked something within you, ask.
Siddhartha Mukherjee|My husband and I have known each other since kindergarten. I had a crush on him in school, but we never dated. Then we saw each other again after high school, and there was something instantly familiar about him. I'm a very shy person and was very closed off. But he allowed me to be myself. And there's a safety in that.
Jennifer Skiff, The Divinity of Dogs: True Stories of Miracles Inspired by Man's Best Friend|I wanted to create a voyage to the moon just for her, but what Ishould have given her was a real journey on earth.
Howard Jacobson|You know, I always was an early morning or late night writer. Early morning was my favorite; late night was because you had a deadline. And at four in the morning you make up some of your most absurd jokes.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Without hope, I wouldn’t even try. Hope lifts me to consider new possibilities so I can stay the course of my desire, no matter what.
Elizabeth Wasserman|The feminism of equality, of toughness, of anti-discrimination, has been overwhelmed by one of victimhood and demands for special treatment....At a certain point, when we demand an equal ratio of men to women in certain fields, what we’re criticizing is not “the system,” but the choices that women themselves are making.....let’s keep our eye on the question of equal opportunity and stop obsessing about equal outcomes, lest we find ourselves trying to cure society, not of sexism, but of free choice.
Donald Hall|The Victorian language of flowers began with the publication of 'Le Language des Fleurs,' written by Charlotte de Latour and printed in Paris in 1819. To create the book - which was a list of flowers and their meanings - de Latour gathered references to flower symbolism throughout poetry, ancient mythology, and even medicine.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|What Uncle Leo XIII never suspected was that his nephew's courage did not come from the need to survive or from a brute indifference inherited from his father, but from a driving need for love, which no obstacle in this world or the next would ever break.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|My parents didn't raise me to be religious. The closest we come to worship is the Trinity of Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. I think the Merryweather cheerleaders confuse me because I missed out on Sunday School. It has to be a miracle. There is no other explanation. How else could they sleep with the football team on Saturday night and be reincarnated as virginal goddesses on Monday?
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|What he was scared of was not that maybe she was a creature who survived by drinking other people's blood. No, it was that she might push him away.
David Goodis, Dark Passage|He told himself she wasn’t really such a bad person, she was just a pest, she was sticky, there was something misplaced in her make-up, something that kept her from fading clear of people when they wanted to be in the clear.
Erin Hunter|Maybe you had to be dying to finally get to do what you wanted.I fidgeted around with the puzzle pieces for a while longer, but I wasn't lucky. Nothing seemed to fit without a whole lot of work.Then I had this thought: What if it was enough to realize that you would die someday, that none of this would go on forever? Would that be enough?
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|She laughed. 'It won't last. Nothing lasts. But I'm happy now.''Happy,' I muttered, trying to pin the word down. But it is one of those words, like Love, that I have never quite understood. Most people who deal in words don't have much faith in them and I am no exception--especially the big ones like Happy and Love and Honest and Strong. They are too elusive and far too relative when you compare them to sharp, mean little words like Punk and Cheap and Phony. I feel at home with these, because they're scrawny and easy to pin, but the big ones are tough and it takes either a priest or a fool to use them with any confidence.
Kim Myungsoo|It's not that I can't express myself,it's that I still feel present when I'm not expressing myself.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|... just one more reminder that the rules are always different for girls, no matter who they are and no matter what they do.
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|This was fun. We should find out we're still married more often.""Why, so every day can be a special new plunge into hell?""Nobody I'd rather burn with than you, babe.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we all stand before the judgment seat of Christ, we will have our true motives revealed.
Victoria H. Smith, Holiday Fling|My family stood right in front of me, talking and smiling. I felt like I was viewing one of those cheesy ad shots for camera companies. The ones I looked at and thought, fake, because no one's family ever looked that happy. Yet, the perfect family moment bloomed right before my eyes, and I wasn't a part of it.
Doug Ducey|Among my dad's generation, when you gave another man a pocketknife as a gift, it was a show of respect. I'll still give someone the knife out of my pocket.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Reader one moment stop and think,That I am in eternity and you are on the brink.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I had a neat stock of fixed opinions, but they dropped away one by one; and the further I get the less sure I am. I doubt if I have anything more for my present rule of life than following inclinations which do me and nobody else any harm, and actually give pleasure to those I love best. There, gentlemen, since you wanted to know how I was getting on, I have told you. Much good may it do you! I cannot explain further here. I perceive there is something wrong somewhere in our social formulas: what it is can only be discovered by men or women with greater insight than mine--if, indeed, they ever discover it-- at least in our time. 'For who knoweth what is good for man in this life?--and who can tell a man what shall be after him under the sun?
Aimee Bender, An Invisible Sign of My Own|The world can ask you to participate, but it's a day-today decision if you want to agree to that proposal.
Stephen King|When you sit down to write, write. Don't do anything else except go to the bathroom, and only do that if it absolutely cannot be put off.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Sometimes I wonder if there's something wrong with me. Perhaps I've spent too long in the company of my literary romantic heroes, and consequently my ideals and expectations are far too high.
Anonymous|Take caution when declaring war because you may believe it will be easy, but war will always end in despair.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Belief is made up of the same non-substance of which we ourselves are composed. The test of any belief system, then, is the degree to which this same light is permitted to shine through.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship.
Brenna Twohy, Forgive Me My Salt|The old summer's-end melancholy nips at my heels. There's no school to go back to; no detail of my life will change come the onset of September; yet still, I feel the old trepidation.
Trevor Noah|To be born into, to go to school, to study, to learn, to play, to worship, to love, to work and to die in segregation and not have one single person who loved, mentored or guided me convey that there was any loss.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Whatever human endeavor we choose, as long as we live our truth, it is success.
Jerome Groopman|In more ancient times the life was simpler, but now the discovery of all these different medicines for curing dyspepsia shows that people are suffering from this disease. In this country we know that there are so many kinds of pills and medicines used. We even have those in India now. These things show that not only in America but in all the countries of the world we have to recourse to artificial means for necessary nutrients because people are not aware of right rules of diet. It is better to follow the right rules of diet in the beginning in order to avoid any kind of artificial medicines later on.
Meljean Brook, The Iron Duke|I believe this is yours." I hand her the last dart in my hand. "And this is mine." I cup her face in my hands before she can think anything else, and I kiss her.
John Muir|When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|He said to people: you’re free. And they said hooray, and then he showed them what freedom costs and they called him a tyrant and, as soon as he’d been betrayed, they milled around a bit like barn-bred chickens who’ve seen the big world outside for the first time, and then they went back into the warm and shut the door...
Amit Kalantri|Doing better is creativity, doing faster is creativity, doing smarter is creativity, doing right is creativity.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|Pen and paper have been my life, now they may herald my death. But I asked for these, the traditional tools of my trade, and to my surprise my request has been granted.
John Geiger|Be the kind of person that others admire, can count on, trust and enjoy spending time with. After you have developed that reputation, people will start to ask you what you do, and will want to work with you on the things that matter. When you focus on leading a passionate, meaningful and faithful life, you are also inadvertently creating a spectacular ripple effect of inspiration in the lives around you. When one person is making a difference and being a positive role model, everyone nearby feels their passionate energy. Before too long, they too, are leading by example and simultaneously inspiring others.
Laura Schlessinger|Forgiveness is a big part of - especially post-civil rights movement - is a big part of African-American Christianity, and I wasn't raised within the Christian church; I wasn't raised within any church.
John Eldredge, Killing Lions: A Guide Through the Trials Young Men Face|One of the great wonders of Christianity is that you were born into your times, to set your times aright.
Daniel Libeskind|Traditional horizontal search engines cannot always identify the target audience, niche or vertical industry of a page or site. Vertical search engines address this issue by the nature of their design. They identify sites according to more specific criteria and sometimes even by human input.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|Bet you ten bucks we make it."What are the odds? she thought, and realized with sudden, blinding clarity that she wouldn't take the other side of that bet, that only a loser would bet against them. This is really it, she thought, amazed. This is really forever. I believe in this."Min?" he said, and she kissed him, putting all her heart into it. "No bet," she said against his mouth. "Your odds are too good.""Our odds are too good
Lemony Snicket, The Vile Village|The greatest managers in the world do not have much in common. But despite their differences, these great managers do share one thing: Before they do anything else, they first break all the rules of conventional wisdom.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Cakes are healthy too, you just eat a small slice.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|I simply needed to excavate passion lost by being resilient, resolving the blockages, and healing. As soon as I did, the passion, and joy, burst forth.
Criss Jami|Our poor world aspires simply to point out where Christians have gone wrong, and that is pretty much where it goes wrong. It is as though many of us, when of the world, are actually all the more judgmental: for we are stuck on a bad Christian while the Christian is pinned to a good Christ.
Margaret Atwood, Selected Poems: 1966-1984|Then there's the twoof us. This wordis far too short for us, it has onlyfour letters, too sparseto fill those deep barevacuums between the starsthat press on us with their deafness.It's not love we don't wishto fall into, but that fear.This word is not enough but it willhave to do. It's a singlevowel in this metallicsilence, a mouth that saysO again and again in wonderand pain, a breath, a fingergrip on a cliffside. You canhold on or let go.
Shirley Parenteau, Ship of Dolls|My first encounter with a baguette, torn still warm from its paper sheathing, shattered and sighed on contact. The sound stopped me in my tracks, the way a crackling branch gives deer pause; that’s what good crust does. Once I began to chew, the flavor unfolded, deep with yeast and salt, the warm humidity of the tender crumb almost breathing against my lips.
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|Fighting a losing battle is as good as tucking in stones in your pockets, jumping in a dam and hoping to float.
Jacob Zuma|Somehow liberals have been unable to acquire from life what conservatives seem to be endowed with at birth: namely, a healthy skepticism of the powers of government agencies to do good.
Michael Parenti, Against Empire|While working in California, I met William Valentiner and Edgar Richardson of the Detroit Institute of Arts. I mentioned a desire which I had to paint a series of murals about the industries of the United States, a series that would constitute a new kind of plastic poem, depicting in color and form the story of each industry and its division of labor. Dr. Valentiner was keenly interested, considering my idea a potential base for a new school of modern art in America, as related to the social structure of American life as the art of the Middle Ages had been related to medieval society.
Woodrow Wilson|The whole business is built on ego, vanity, self-satisfaction, and it's total crap to pretend it's not.
Dave Barry, Best. State. Ever.: A Florida Man Defends His Homeland|These were early days for me in the American culture, and so I wasn’t aware that when people are showing you guns, they’re not threatening you, it’s like they’re showing you their art collection. For me, at that point, what he was presenting to me was very challenging.
Grant Von Harrison, Drawing on the Powers of Heaven|You have the choice of deliberately directing your thinking, or allowing other forces to dictate your desires and attitudes.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Being different isn't a sin, but intolerance is.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|He that has eyes to see and ears to hear may convince himself that no mortal can keep a secret. If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips; betrayal oozes out of him at every pore.
Heather Demetrios, Exquisite Captive|The difference between a free human and a human is not the word "free" it's the word "human" , because humanity can never be caged with the chains of slavery.
Eugène Carrière|Nature alone can lead to the understanding of art, just as art brings us back to nature with greater awarness. It is the source of all beauty, since it is the source of all life. 
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|Marketing is like sex—if you have to pay for it, you're doing something wrong
David Goodis, Street of No Return|He moved on down the alley, his feet walking forward and his brain swimming backward through a sea of time. It was a dark sea, much darker than the alley. The tide was slow and there were no waves, just tiny ripples that murmured very softly. Telling him about yesterday. Telling him that yesterday could never really be discarded, it was always a part of now. There was just no way to get rid of it. No way to push it aside or throw it into an ash can, or dig a hole and bury it. For all buried memories were nothing more than slow-motion boomerangs, taking their own sweet time to come back. This one had taken seven years.
Robert Vanleeuwen|We're all a part of this world, and it's up to us to make this one chance at living - living worth while. But the only way to do that is by doing it together.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|Reading list (1972 edition)[edit]1.	Homer – Iliad, Odyssey2.	The Old Testament3.	Aeschylus – Tragedies4.	Sophocles – Tragedies5.	Herodotus – Histories6.	Euripides – Tragedies7.	Thucydides – History of the Peloponnesian War8.	Hippocrates – Medical Writings9.	Aristophanes – Comedies10.	Plato – Dialogues11.	Aristotle – Works12.	Epicurus – Letter to Herodotus; Letter to Menoecus13.	Euclid – Elements14.	Archimedes – Works15.	Apollonius of Perga – Conic Sections16.	Cicero – Works17.	Lucretius – On the Nature of Things18.	Virgil – Works19.	Horace – Works20.	Livy – History of Rome21.	Ovid – Works22.	Plutarch – Parallel Lives; Moralia23.	Tacitus – Histories; Annals; Agricola Germania24.	Nicomachus of Gerasa – Introduction to Arithmetic25.	Epictetus – Discourses; Encheiridion26.	Ptolemy – Almagest27.	Lucian – Works28.	Marcus Aurelius – Meditations29.	Galen – On the Natural Faculties30.	The New Testament31.	Plotinus – The Enneads32.	St. Augustine – On the Teacher; Confessions; City of God; On Christian Doctrine33.	The Song of Roland34.	The Nibelungenlied35.	The Saga of Burnt Njál36.	St. Thomas Aquinas – Summa Theologica37.	Dante Alighieri – The Divine Comedy;The New Life; On Monarchy38.	Geoffrey Chaucer – Troilus and Criseyde; The Canterbury Tales39.	Leonardo da Vinci – Notebooks40.	Niccolò Machiavelli – The Prince; Discourses on the First Ten Books of Livy41.	Desiderius Erasmus – The Praise of Folly42.	Nicolaus Copernicus – On the Revolutions of the Heavenly Spheres43.	Thomas More – Utopia44.	Martin Luther – Table Talk; Three Treatises45.	François Rabelais – Gargantua and Pantagruel46.	John Calvin – Institutes of the Christian Religion47.	Michel de Montaigne – Essays48.	William Gilbert – On the Loadstone and Magnetic Bodies49.	Miguel de Cervantes – Don Quixote50.	Edmund Spenser – Prothalamion; The Faerie Queene51.	Francis Bacon – Essays; Advancement of Learning; Novum Organum, New Atlantis52.	William Shakespeare – Poetry and Plays53.	Galileo Galilei – Starry Messenger; Dialogues Concerning Two New Sciences54.	Johannes Kepler – Epitome of Copernican Astronomy; Concerning the Harmonies of the World55.	William Harvey – On the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Animals; On the Circulation of the Blood; On the Generation of Animals56.	Thomas Hobbes – Leviathan57.	René Descartes – Rules for the Direction of the Mind; Discourse on the Method; Geometry; Meditations on First Philosophy58.	John Milton – Works59.	Molière – Comedies60.	Blaise Pascal – The Provincial Letters; Pensees; Scientific Treatises61.	Christiaan Huygens – Treatise on Light62.	Benedict de Spinoza – Ethics63.	John Locke – Letter Concerning Toleration; Of Civil Government; Essay Concerning Human Understanding;Thoughts Concerning Education64.	Jean Baptiste Racine – Tragedies65.	Isaac Newton – Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy; Optics66.	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz – Discourse on Metaphysics; New Essays Concerning Human Understanding;Monadology67.	Daniel Defoe – Robinson Crusoe68.	Jonathan Swift – A Tale of a Tub; Journal to Stella; Gulliver's Travels; A Modest Proposal69.	William Congreve – The Way of the World70.	George Berkeley – Principles of Human Knowledge71.	Alexander Pope – Essay on Criticism; Rape of the Lock; Essay on Man72.	Charles de Secondat, baron de Montesquieu – Persian Letters; Spirit of Laws73.	Voltaire – Letters on the English; Candide; Philosophical Dictionary74.	Henry Fielding – Joseph Andrews; Tom Jones75.	Samuel Johnson – The Vanity of Human Wishes; Dictionary; Rasselas; The Lives of the Poets
Alija Izetbegović|People belittle or ignore or even rebel against God, because they view theprocesses of nature as having self-sufficient causes, normally regarded by them asultimate. They do not realize that the universe is a sign pointing to something"beyond" itself, something without which the universe, with all its natural causes,would be and could be nothing.
Don DeLillo, Underworld|A photograph is a universe of dots. The grain, the halide, the little silver things clumped in the emulsion. Once you get inside a dot, you gain access to hidden information, you slide into the smallest event. This is what technology does. It peels back the shadows and redeems the dazed and rumbling past. It makes reality come true.
Marc Garneau|I treated as few patients as I could as a medical student, and I never practiced medicine.
Toni Sorenson|Training is the word we use now. To train means to teach a particular skill over a period of time. Every time you get up, show up, work out, you are training yourself to be better, to live happier and healthier. Don’t expect results in a snap. Remember, change takes however long it takes.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|As he was about to climb yet another dune, his heart whispered, "Be aware of the place where you are brought to tears. That's where I am, and thats where your treasure is.
Hélène Cixous, Coming to Writing and Other Essays|Meditation needs no results. Meditation can have itself as an end, I meditate without words and on nothingness. What tangles my life is writing.
Bryan Davis, Liberator|To follow Christ requires a downward career track that does not depend on dollars or status. Instead, what matters is Christ.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If they saw men swarming up the wall, if they saw the axes chopping at our shields on the wall’s top, then they would join the battle. Men want to be on the winning side.
Robert M. Drake|I wrote her story because she wanted to live forever and I loved her far more with every word, too much! Even in death her life sought out beauty, for her moments were consumed with love and I could never write such a story without her stars flaming in my heart.
Robert Schumann, The Letters Of Robert Schumann|the study of jurisprudence, by which I must earn my bread, has so withered and frozen the flowers of my fancy that they will never again seek the light. (To his Mother, November 11, 1829)
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Blood of the Mantis|Progress is made by the improvement of people, not the improvement of machines.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Our ability to have patience, and our attitude toward others, define who we are at any given time.
Imani Wisdom|I thought about the current contamination of beaches, raw sewage spilling into oceans and streams, the hole in the ozone, forests being stripped, the toxic-waste dumps, the merry plunder of mankind added to the drought and the famine that nature dishes up annually as a matter of course. It's hard to know what's actually going to get us first. Sometimes I think we should just blow the whole planet and get it over with. It's the suspense that's killing me.
Daniel H. Pink, A Whole New Mind: Why Right-Brainers Will Rule the Future|I say, 'Get me some poets as managers.' Poets are our original systems thinkers. They contemplate the world in which we live and feel obligated to interpret, and give expression to it in a way that makes the reader understand how that world runs. Poets, those unheralded systems thinkers, are our true digital thinkers. It is from their midst that I believe we will draw tomorrow's new business leaders."--Sidney Harman, CEO Multimillionaire of a stereo components company
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|Billions of years ago there were just blobs of protoplasm; now billions of years later here we are. So information has been created and stored in our structure. In the development of one person’s mind from childhood, information is clearly not just accumulated but also generated—created from connections that were not there before
Andrea Jung|When women are encouraged to be competitive, too many of them become disagreeable.
Waylon Jennings|I want to run for the Senate from Tennessee. Not now, but when I'm 50, when music dies down a little bit. I know lots of artists and actors have those delusions of grandeur, but ever since I was a kid, it's been of interest to me.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It seemed natural; natural to the moment’s peculiar reality that was sharply clear, but cut off from everything, immediate, but disconnected, like a bright island in a wall of fog, the heightened, unquestioning reality one feels when one is drunk.
Henry James, Daisy Miller|I have never allowed a gentleman to dictate to me, or to interfere with anything I do.
Walter Mosley|I can't go back," said Towser. "Nor I," said Fowler. "They would turn me back into a dog," said Towser. "And me," said Fowler, "back into a man.
Philip K. Dick, Confessions of a Crap Artist|The household was pervaded by this atmosphere of a calm adult woman and a man who gave into animal impulses. She reported to him in great detail what her analyst ... said about his binges and his hostility; she used Charley's money to pay Dr. Andrews to catalog his abnormalities. And of course Charley never heard anything directly from the doctor; he had no way of keeping her from reporting what served her and holding back what did not. The doctor, too, had no way of getting to the truth of what she told him; no doubt she only gave him the facts that suited her picture, so that the doctor's picture of Charley was based on what she wanted him to know. By the time she had edited both going and coming there was little of it outside her control.
George MacDonald Fraser, Quartered Safe Out Here: A Harrowing Tale of World War II|. . . what is thought now, and held to be universal truth, was not thought then, or true of that time.
Augusten Burroughs, Dry|I think piracy is a bit like drinking. You want to stay out all night doing it, you pay the price the next day.
Jonathan Sacks|Freedom does not come without a price. We may sometimes take for granted the many liberties we enjoy in America, but they have all been earned through the ultimate sacrifice paid by so many of the members of our armed forces.
Anonymous|Every family is a "normal" family- no matter whether it has one parent  two  or no children at all.
Andrew Carnegie|As a woman leader, I thought I brought a different kind of leadership. I was interested in women's issues, in bringing down the population growth rate... as a woman, I entered politics with an additional dimension - that of a mother.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Some of us give up on life with only a resigned sigh. Others fight a little, then lose hope. Still others-and I am one of those-never give up. We fight and fight and fight. We fight no matter the cost of battle, the losses we take, the improbability of success. We fight to the very end. It's not a question of courage. It's something constitutional, an inability to let go.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|A man though carrying God may be of no worth to himself, to his family, to his nation and to the people around him.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|Writing and reading are the only ways to find your voice. It won't magically burst forth in your poems the next time you sit down to write, or the next; but little by little, as you become aware of more choices and begin to make them -- consciously and unconsciously -- your style will develop.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I cannot explain love. I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you. That you were the center of everything I did and felt and thought.
Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows|The symbol of a drama, a symphony, or a dance is useful to correct a certain absurdity which may arise if we talk too much of God planning and creating the world for good and then being frustrated by the free will of the creatures. This may raise the ridiculous idea that the Fall to God by surprise and upset His plan, or else – more ridiculous still – that God planned the whole thing for conditions which, He well knew, were never going to be realized. In fact, of course, God saw the crucifixion in the act of creating the first nebulae. The world is a dance in which good, descending from God, is disturbed by evil arising from the creatures, and the resulting conflict is resolved by God's own assumption of the suffering nature which evil produces.
Kate Hattemer, The Land of 10,000 Madonnas|Because choices need time, the fulness of time, time being the horizontal axis of morality - you make a decision and then you wait and see, wait and see.
Sabine Priestley, Alien Attachments|You can face fear, or feel it, her dad used to say. … Feel it, and it eats you alive. Face it, and you get to kick some ugly alien butt. Okay, he never said that. I wonder if they even have butts.
David Maisel|I'm a latecomer to the environmental issue, which for years seemed to me like an excuse for more government regulation. But I can see that in rich societies, voters are paying less attention to economic issues and more to issues of the spirit, including the environment.
Edgar D. Mitchell, The Way of the Explorer: An Apollo Astronaut's Journey Through the Material and Mystical Worlds|my heart feels so narrow in the wide space of love; because wherever it is, i feel, you're always there, fill its space and sides
Francesca Annis|Luckily, I don't think that I'm too famous. I can still live my life pretty comfortably. Fame has never really ever appealed to me. I think it's easy to see that it's not a great thing to have.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|I find a good cliche very comforting in times of stress." said the Sage.
Thomas Lloyd Qualls|Life is random. Life is complicated. Life is often unforgiving. And we must each live it anyway. And I don’t mean live it as if it’s a chore, something to be endured, survived. I mean, dig in, get muddy, howl at the moon, take pictures of sunsets, play in the rain, make love, savor your food, smile as much as you can. And cry when you’re sad. Live it despite the fact it pisses you off. Live it and pay as much attention as you can muster
Lily Paradis, Volition|All I knew was that I couldn't have him right now. It was impossible. Could I have him in a year? Two years? Five years? Ten years? I didn't know. All I knew was that although the universe was pushing us together, it was also pushing us apart.
Jo-Ann Mapson|Why would you family think about it?""Oh, my mother's the only one that counts, and she likes you very much from what she's seen of you.""So you had me inspected?""No-dash ti all, I seem to be saying all the wrong things today. I was absolutely stunned that first day in court, and I rushed off to my mater, who's an absolute dear, and the kind of person who really understands things, and I said, 'Look here! here's the absolutely one and only woman, and she's being put through a simply ghastly awful business and for God's sake come and hold my hand!' You simply don't know how foul it was.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|Victim mentality only creates helplessness, the most maddening, miserable and upsetting of mental states. In fact, it is commonly reported that nothing triggers madness like a sense of helplessness. It is a cousin of paranoia, a sense that the world is out to get you, that there is some opposition, some rivalry between you and the world. This is a warped, twisted mentality that offers no benefits, and, more importantly, is manifestly false.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Great work is not created for everyone. If it were, it would be average work.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|If you suddenly and unexpectedly feel joy, don’t hesitate. Give in to it. There are plenty of lives and whole towns destroyed or about to be. We are not wise, and not very often kind. And much can never be redeemed. Still life has some possibility left. Perhaps this is its way of fighting back, that sometimes something happened better than all the riches or power in the world. It could be anything, but very likely you notice it in the instant when love begins. Anyway, that’s often the case. Anyway, whatever it is, don’t be afraid of its plenty. Joy is not made to be a crumb. (Don't Hesitate)
Carol Cox, Trouble in Store|And who did she have? The thought caught her up short, but then she smiled, remembering the preacher's words. She had the Lord. He was her foundation, and that was enough.
Stephan Attia, The Rising Lines of Wonderment: Poetry|You are the know place to which the unknown is always leading me back.""I possess nothing worthy to give you." "There's only me." ~ quotes from poetry that Angelo feels match him and Zach
Toni Sorenson|Vincent made his way closer to the group and shuffled his feet while he watched them embrace. Breccan's head remained buried in the huddle while his large hand reached out, grabbed Vincent's good wing, and pulled the archangel into the fold.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|The great source of both the misery and disorders of human life, seems to arise from over-rating the difference between one permanent situation and another. Avarice over-rates the difference between poverty and riches: ambition, that between a private and a public station: vain-glory, that between obscurity and extensive reputation. The person under the influence of any of those extravagant passions, is not only miserable in his actual situation, but is often disposed to disturb the peace of society, in order to arrive at that which he so foolishly admires. The slightest observation, however, might satisfy him, that, in all the ordinary situations of human life, a well-disposed mind may be equally calm, equally cheerful, and equally contented. Some of those situations may, no doubt, deserve to be preferred to others: but none of them can deserve to be pursued with that passionate ardour which drives us to violate the rules either of prudence or of justice; or to corrupt the future tranquillity of our minds, either by shame from the remembrance of our own folly, or by remorse from the horror of our own injustice.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|The equality prescribed by the Revolution is simply the weak man's revenge upon the strong; it's just what we saw in the past, but in reverse; that everyone should have his turn is only meet. And it shall be turnabout again tomorrow, for nothing in Nature is stable and the governments men direct are bound to prove as changeable and ephemeral as they.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|Feminism and femininity are not mutually exclusive. It is misogynistic to suggest that they are. Sadly, women have learned to be ashamed and apologetic about pursuits that are seen as traditionally female, such as fashion and makeup. But our society does not expect men to feel ashamed of pursuits considered generally male - sports cars, certain professional sports. In the same way, men's grooming is never suspect in the way women's grooming is - a well-dressed man does not worry that, because he is dressed well, certain assumptions might be made about his intelligence, his ability, or his seriousness. A woman, on the other hand, is always aware of how a bright lipstick or a carefully-put-together outfit might very well make others assume her to be frivolous.
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|Dreams would always end with you, and then mornings would steal you away with a cruelty that haunted my days.
James Joyce, Dubliners|I don't believe in twisting yourself into knots of excuses and explanations over the food you make. When one's hostess starts in with self-deprecations such as "Oh, I don't know how to cook...," or "Poor little me...," or "This may taste awful...," it is so dreadful to have to reassure her that everything is delicious and fine, whether it is or not. Besides, such admissions only draw attention to one's shortcomings (or self-perceived shortcomings), and make the other person think, "Yes, you're right, this really is an awful meal!" Maybe the cat has fallen into the stew, or the lettuce has frozen, or the cake has collapsed -- eh bien, tant pis! Usually one's cooking is better than one thinks it is. And if the food is truly vile, as my ersatz eggs Florentine surely were, then the cook must simply grit her teeth and bear it with a smile -- and learn from her mistakes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The act of prayer present an opportunity to communicate and connect to the Supreme being,God.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Maybe life involves the pairing of unsuitable people, those who wait and those who keep others waiting, and the key to happiness is finding the one person with whom you share the same internal chronometer.
Books On Fire Tour|No matter what genre of Author you are, the true merit of your work lies not within what dreams you inspire in others with your work, but who you help to to achieve their dreams. Author Jude Ouvrard has gone over and beyond, as had Author Anna Othitis in that department.
A.J. Jacobs, Drop Dead Healthy: One Man's Humble Quest for Bodily Perfection|Careful practical work is the best expression of our freedom and safeguard of our sanity. In a healthy society, such work is the means most consistently available for people to practice holiness of life, to imitate God's enabling and sustaining care for the world.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|James hoped the newsletter would garner support from Bahana, or white people, to stop a town well that the Bureau of Indian Affairs wanted to dig and a tower it wanted to erect to store the water. The Hotevilla elders were willing to lay down their lives in this battle. They’d done it before, preventing the BIA from bringing electricity to the village by lying down in front of bulldozers. If that well went in, James explained, people would waste water. Their spring would dry out- an unthinkable tragedy, as it would make it impossible for them to live there any longer. Could two cultures be any different? I now wondered. We were taking federal money to mine water and would do so until the unlikely day that same government made us stop. The Hopi had been trying to prevent the government from giving them a well in the first place.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|The threads of logic, intuition, and humanity should be beautifully interwoven through the fabric of our world.
Kate Avery Ellison, The Curse Girl|What about you? What do you do?” I needed to ask questions, draw him out. I needed to find out all the information I could. My voice sounded strong and smooth, but my hands were shaking. I put them in my lap so he couldn’t see.“I prey on innocent villagers and terrify their children,” he said with a nasty smile. “And sometimes when I’m feeling really evil, I read books or paint.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you have seen darkness, you will appreciate the dawn of light.
Hugh Nibley, Approaching Zion|The mass of the rich and the poor are differentiated by their incomes and nothing else,and the average millionaire is only the average dishwasher dressed in a new suit.
Tom Rath|I try to keep a positive intention and use whatever resources I have to benefit others. I try to create businesses that I think are not hurtful. I try to do things that I think are helpful to the environment, to the animals, and to the planet.
John Tyndall, Faraday as a Discoverer|His [Faraday's] third great discovery is the Magnetization of Light, which I should liken to the Weisshorn among mountains-high, beautiful, and alone.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Yes,” said Cooley. “That is the question, as the Bard might say.” “The Bard?” “What’s so funny?” said Cooley. “Nothing, sir,” I said. “I just didn’t know people still used that term.” “Well, I’m a people, Burke. Am I not?” “Of course.” “If you prick me, do I not bleed, you scat-gobbling, mother-rimming prick?” Occasionally Dean Cooley reverted to a vocabulary more suited to his marine years, but some maintained it was only when he felt threatened, or stretched for time. “Yes, sir,” I said.
Lionel Suggs|If organizations measure the input to the strategy implementation, but not the output, it’s a recipe for disaster.
August Strindberg, The Son of a Servant|Lula," I said, "do you ever think about getting married?"I guess I do. Doesn't everybody?"You have to let your husband kiss you once you're married. And you have to kiss him 
Charles Williams|Kids aint supposed to be grateful! They're supposed to eat your food, break your heart.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|until we courageously find a cheaper antidote to our ignorance, we shall always pay a higher price for our ignorance courageously.
James Cameron|Each time I invent something and have it manufactured, it's so incredibly exciting that I can't imagine ever wanting to stop. Envisioning new products is easy for me. I just don't have enough time in the day to design them all.
Chelsea Fine, Perfect Kind of Trouble|Gifts are not things that you earn or deserve they are a way for the giver to show their appreciation for you and Daren, you are a part of my family
Jonathan Auxier, The Night Gardener|That’s why we get involved with other people, right? Not just for their bodies, but for everything else, too – their dreams and their scars and their stories.
Mychal Denzel Smith, Invisible Man, Got the Whole World Watching: A Young Black Man's Education|Anger is what makes our struggle visible, and our struggle is what exposes the hypocrisy of a nation that fashions itself a moral leader. To rise against the narrative and expose the lie gives opportunity to those whose identity depends on the lie to question and, hopefully, change.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Begin to invest in productive capacity, and the ability to see people flying or shining on the platform you have set for them in support of your vision. You need to draw the best out of them so that the reach and impact of your vision becomes phenomenal. See them as your extension, the multiplication of the tentacles of your vision and mission – sometimes when they shine, they are not trying to replace you at all, they are trying to be a “little you” somewhere you cannot be, as you focus on other key strategic issues elsewhere.
Debasish Mridha|Let love bloom like a flower with the fragrance of the garden of your heart filled with beauty, joy, and happiness.
William Shatner|I am well placed to know that Le Pen is not an anti-Semite. If one considers his life seriously... a man who went to fight with the Israelis in '56! Many times, he tried to better the party's relationship with the Jewish community, even though I do not like the term.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|(N)ot writing was hard work, almost as hard as writing.
Mark Ruffalo|My experience of great storytelling, working with classics, is just finding a way to present it simply but let the story do its own work, or be an invite to the audience's imagination.
Elizabeth Knox, Dreamhunter|Happiness had never been like this before. Now it came like sun showers, the sun and the rain together. Happiness was happier than it had been - sharp, piercing, and snatched, like a breath while swimming in surf.
Tao Lin, Bed|As a child, she’d always had what she imagined were fascinating thoughts, but didn’t ever say them. Once, as a little girl, at recess, she thought that if she ran very fast at a pole and then caught it and swung quickly around, part of her would keep going, and she would become two girls.
Thich Nhat Hanh|New cells are born everyday and old cells die, but they have neither funerals nor birthdays.
Michele Brenton|Poetry is not an art, it's a symptom.
Tony Harrison|When people say "Oh wow, you're so lucky" ... I always wonder how they define luck. I can assure you people don't achieve their dreams because their lucky; they work day and night, with little sleep, investing their own money and working extremely hard. You don't get lucky in this life, you work hard and show people that luck is something YOU create. So, if you want to chase your own passion start listening to your own little voice, but more than anything, don't wait on getting lucky or your dream will be as misguided as your definition of success! Anyone can change their life and anyone can achieve their dreams. So work hard, get inspired and go out there and do it!
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Oh, I just think that a neat house is the sign of a boring person, that's all. And I don't really like to associate with boring people if I can help it.
Robert G. Ingersoll|People with red hair are supposed to get mad very easily,...,and he had very red hair.
LaNina King|Psalm 91My Refuge and My Fortress91:1 He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty.2 I will say to the Lord, “My refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Believe in yourselves as sons and daughters of God, men and women with unlimited potential to do good in the world. Believe in personal virtue. There is no substitute for it anywhere under the. heavens. Believe in your power to discipline yourselves against the evils which could destroy you. Believe in one another as the greatest generation ever yet to live upon the earth.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|Cooking gave us not just the meal but also the occasion: the practice of eating together at an appointed time and place. This was something new under the sun, for the forager of raw food would have likely fed himself on the go and alone, like all the other animals. (Or, come to think of it, like the industrial eaters we've more recently become, grazing at gas stations and eating by ourselves whenever and wherever.) But sitting down to common meals, making eye contact, sharing food, and exercising self-restraint all served to civilize us.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|One thing that makes your confidence echoe over negativity is your patience, understanding, ambitions and trust me it makes your accomplishments astonishing
Ogden Nash, Hard Lines|Jem grinned. “Where have you been? The Blue Dragon? The Mermaid?”	“The Devil Tavern if you must know.” Will sighed and leaned against one of the posts of the bed. “I had such plans for the evening. The pursuit of blind drunkenness and wayward women was my goal. But alas, it was not to be. No sooner had I consumed my third drink in the Devil than I was accosted by a delightful small flower-selling child who asked me for two-pence for a daisy. The price seemed steep, so I refused. When I told the girl as much, she proceeded to rob me.”	“A little girl robbed you?” Tessa said.	“Actually, she wasn’t a little girl at all, as it turns out, but a midget in a dress who goes by the name of Six-Fingered Nigel.”	“Easy mistake to make,” Jem said.
Jack Donovan, Androphilia|The natural gods of men are other men, mythic or real, who embody manhood in men's eyes.
Anthony Liccione|Hope is like a word made with cloud, without faith, it quickly blows away.
Hubert Martin|He was a musician of the best nature, with guitar string fingertips and soft flute lips that could tighten in a trumpet's purse. Every movement was perfect, every breath filled with purpose. Whether close or open, his eyes seeped ambition and his body burned with chaotic passion. I was his instrument and he played me so well. His fingers fashioned a tune of ecstasy while his lips felt the reed shudders of my skin. He stole my breath and made it his own, using my lips to create his climactic song. A symphony of electricity and orgasmic bliss, he played me so well his fingers never did miss. Half-circles and hooks with my parted lips as his speaker, I never knew another musician so ruthlessly eager. To finish his song, to hit every note, elongating the melody of every sound from the depths of my throat. He was ambitious, pushing my limits, tearing my reservations and destroying my thresholds, all I could do was phase in and out, my ears ringing from the ballad I was made to produce.
Dejan Stojanovic|To accomplish the perfect perfection, a little imperfection helps.
Arnold Albert van Ruler, God's Son and God's World|because God knew some fathers would neglect their responsibilities .when He created a woman He didnt use dirt again but he took a rib out of a man, to form a more powerful being, that why you get single mothers who can be both dads and moms at the same time for they contain both characteristics of a man and a woman..# we men need to appreciate women
The Upanishads|The same way a compact disk isn't responsible for what's recorded on it, that's how we are. You're about as free to act as a programmed computer. You're about as one-of-a-kind as a dollar bill
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Such silence has an actual sound, the sound of disappearance.
Frederic Chopin|Indeed, the existence of class, of social hierarchy, is as old as man himself. It prevails in the jungle where strength determines hierarchy; among men, it has also been savagely the same, whereby rulers vested with power through personal combat, or through lineal heritage as in the case of royalty, ravage their subjects.
Benigno Aquino III|I happen to agree with many of the liberal emphasis on compassion, justice and equality. I just disagree that it's the government's role to provide everything.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|A trap is only a trap if you don't know about it. If you know about it, it's a challenge.
David W. Earle|If you are looking for love under rocks or bringing home water moccasins, you might be confusing love and pain.
Ricky Schroder|Brands mature over time, like a marriage. The bond you feel with your spouse is different than when you first met each other. Excitement and discovery are replaced by comfort and depth.
Steve Blank|I wouldn't call Loopt a failure. It didn't turn out like I wanted, for sure, but it was fun, I learned a lot, and I made enough money to start investing, which led me to my current job. I don't regret it at all.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|But these were days of self-fulfillment, where settling for something that was not quite your first choice of a life seemed weak-willed and ignoble. Somewhere, surrendering to what seemed to be your fate had changed from being dignified to being a sign of your own cowardice.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|my imagination persisted in sticking horrors into the dark- so I stuck my imagination into the dark instead, and let it look out at me.
Angie karan|Any person or thing that corners you, puts you on the spot, increases your breathing unnecessarily and sucks up your energy may only just be a front- something to rob you of your energy and resources. Acknowledge it, slow down, then work-it-up, work-it-out, or walk-away. Life has a way of teaching us to earn respect from a position of self-respect
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|But if ever I try to mend, some other bodies would instantly break, would instantly be fragments.
Dean Inge|But every act in consequence of our faith, strengthens faith.
Dave Barry|It is a well-documented fact that guys will not ask for directions. This is a biological thing. This is why it takes several million sperm cells... to locate a female egg, despite the fact that the egg is, relative to them, the size of Wisconsin.
Heather O'Neill, The Girl Who Was Saturday Night|You feel as if everybody has been given an instruction manual on how to be likable, but you didn’t get it. And they are all sold out now. And if you are what you eat, then you must have surely spent the last few years of your life eating dog food and cat shit. Because when you look in the mirror, it is all that you see.
Scott Turow, One L: The Turbulent True Story of a First Year at Harvard Law School|Well before she became famous — or infamous, depending on where you cast your vote — Loftus's findings on memory distortion were clearly commodifiable. In the 1970s and 1980s she provided assistance to defense attorneys eager to prove to juries that eyewitness accounts are not the same as camcorders. "I've helped a lot of people," she says. Some of those people: the Hillside Strangler, the Menendez brothers, Oliver North, Ted Bundy. "Ted Bundy?" I ask, when she tells this to me. Loftus laughs. "This was before we knew he was Bundy. He hadn't been accused of murder yet." "How can you be so confident the people you're representing are really innocent?" I ask. She doesn't directly answer. She says, "In court, I go by the evidence.... Outside of court, I'm human and entitled to my human feelings. "What, I wonder are her human feelings about the letter from a child-abuse survivor who wrote, "Let me tell you what false memory syndrome does to people like me, as if you care. It makes us into liars. False memory syndrome is so much more chic than child abuse.... But there are children who tonight while you sleep are being raped, and beaten. These children may never tell because 'no one will believe them.'" "Plenty of "Plenty of people will believe them," says Loftus. Pshaw! She has a raucous laugh and a voice with a bit of wheedle in it. She is strange, I think, a little loose inside. She veers between the professional and the personal with an alarming alacrity," she could easily have been talking about herself.
Slavoj Žižek, Violence|The Christian motto 'All men are brothers', however, also means that those who do not accept brotherhood are not men.
Glenn Beck|Ours is no ordinary calling. Great opportunities and privileges have been bestowed upon us. To us, as a people, has been entrusted the grand and glorious labor of laying the foundation of the kingdom of God upon the earth. Every act of our lives should be performed with this in view. Nothing should be done by anyone calling himself a Latter-day Saint that will conflict with the policy which God has announced as proper to be adopted in establishing that kingdom" (The Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, p. 125).
Trilby D. Johnson, A-Ha Moments: Inspirational Quotes to Shift Your Thinking|We have to be alone, to know that we are everything!
Todd Stocker|When dreams are not clear, the results are often as blurred. You won't be able to arrive at your desired destination if you are not certain of where you're going. You have to be able to see clearly and perfectly.
John Hutton|It's so gratifying to see people face to face who get to meet the people who are giving them a fair price for their work. They can now provide medical support for their kids, give them better education and in general have a better standard of living. God knows they deserve it.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|Let us remember that animals are not mere resources for human consumption. They are splendid beings in their own right, who have evolved alongside us as co-inheritors of all the beauty and abundance of life on this planet
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Poetry empowers the simplest of lives to confront the most extreme sorrows with courage, and motivates the mightiest of offices to humbly heed lessons in compassion.
Billy Collins|Dub has been a big influence in terms of production. It's inspired so many people and so much music - in terms of music where mixing desk was the instrument. Central to that is the echo chamber, and I think there's a little bit of a romantic thing there.
Pradeep Chaswal|The river reflected whatever it chose of sky and bridge and burning tree, and when the undergraduate had oared his boat through the reflections they closed again, completely, as if they had never been. There one might have sat the clock round lost in thought. Thought --to call it by a prouder name than it deserved-- had let its line down into the stream. It swayed, minute after minute, hither and thither among the reflections and the weeds, letting the water lift it and sink it until --you know the little tug -- the sudden conglomeration of an idea at the end of one's line: and then the cautious hauling of it in, and the careful laying of it out? Alas, laid on the grass how small, how insignificant this thought of mine looked; the sort of fish that a good fisherman puts back into the water so that it may grow fatter and be one day worth cooking and eating.
Rudyard Kipling, If: A Father's Advice to His Son|If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,But make allowance for their doubting too;If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,Or being hated, don't give way to hating,And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wiseIf you can dream - and not make dreams your master;If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;If you can meet with Triumph and DisasterAnd treat those two impostors just the same;If you can bear to hear the truth you've spokenTwisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out toolsIf you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,And lose, and start again at your beginningsAnd never breathe a word about your loss;If you can force your heart and nerve and sinewTo serve your turn long after they are gone,And so hold on when there is nothing in youExcept the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch,If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,If all men count with you, but none too much;If you can fill the unforgiving minuteWith sixty seconds' worth of distance run,Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!
Paul Kalanithi|I have tried to fight the impulse, the attraction, but my defenses crumble every time I see him. Since my divorce from Hank I'm practically love-starved.
Daniyal Umar|I would say about 80% of my writing (including posts and blogs), has to do with unresolved anger and that's just fine with me
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|Reading aloud means no skipping, no skimming, no cutting to the chase.
Audrey Hepburn|It is unfortunately true that our generation and that of your parents have left you with a big mess that will now be yours to clean up: wars, budget challenges, pollution, global warming, battles of health care, natural disasters. They're all there for you. We're willing those to you. Are you ready?
Emily Thorne|But I won't bore you any longer on the subject of old men. It won't make things any better and all my plans of revenge (such as disconnecting the lamp, shutting the door, hiding his clothes) must be abandoned in order to keep the peace. Oh, I'm becoming so sensible! ...
Junot Diaz|The theater itself is a lie. Its deaths are mere special effects. Its tales never happened. Even the histories are distorted for dramatic effect. The theater is unnatural, a place of imagination. But the theater tells the audience something true: that the world requires judgments.
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|Computer hackers are the true journalists in the 21st Century. The old journalism is worse than dead. It is unreliable to the point that it is nothing more than a nuisance, an obstacle in the pursuit of truth.
Martin Luther|It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.
Dennis E. Adonis|Better to be happy with the cod fish in your plate now, than to linger for the taste of a tuna that is still swimming in the sea.
Jessica Lemmon, If You Dare|He drew in an answering breath, and she waited to hear the quip, the joke, the dab of levity for the most intense moment they’d ever shared. But he only dropped his head into the crook of her neck and laid his mouth over her leaping pulse as they found their unhurried rhythm in the dark.
Christopher Moore, Bite Me|Which isn’t, like, as bad as it sounds, because the general public kind of sucks ass.
Ace Antonio Hall|Whatever unspeakable act done to you, write it down, read it, then ball up the paper & sling it hard into the wall. Expunge it from your soul
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|In all honesty, I grew up a certain way. I never had to worry about money... that was my reality.
Henry Enfield Roscoe|What’s that around your neck?” asked Emily. “It’s a golden star.” Said Reed.“What did you get it for?”“Chemistry class.”“What’s the star for?” the shadow asked, Usually stars represent a straight A student. “You get it for having greatness. But Emily doesn’t know what that is.” He said, answering the shadows question and looking at Emily. “Greatness, what’s greatness?” Emily asked, all wide eyed, and clueless looking“It’s when you do really awesome stuff, and people recognize you for it.”“Oh, no” Emily laughed .”No, I don’t know what that is.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How could we be miserable, when there is music?
Jennifer Turner, Eternal Seduction|Logan licked a glob of strawberry jelly from her lower lip and smiled upat Odin. Only one comment seemed to perfectly fit her current situation. “Isee dead people.”He leaned forward, hands on his hips. “Me, too. It’s the only explanationfor what’s standing in front of me. Unless some high school kids broke intothe anatomy closet and stole the classroom skeleton, stretched some cadaverskin over that bitch then cast an ancient ritual to animate it.
John Green, Paper Towns|Learn from the past, live in the present and create your future.
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|The power of language – it can heal and build, or corrupt, poison, destroy, desecrate, annihilate…
vidhya thakkar|Keep going, because there is nothing worse in this world than to stop. Simply keep flying ❤️
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Set aside even one day just for fun, and you will improve the next seven.
Democritus|The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|I routinely use my blue sky "Device" and it works very well for me.
MCM|I mulled over what he had told me as I savored the Scotch. Not bad, really — like a beer that’s been in a brawl.
Nicola Formichetti|Uniqlo as a company has always developed new fabrics and is always trying to be innovative. The design is simple, so the fabric is important.
Sena Jeter Naslund|How the excitement comes upon me to tell it all! In the quest of writing, the heart can speed up with anticipation--as it does, indeed, during the chase itself of whales. I can swear it, having done both, and I will tell YOU though other writers may not. My heart is beating fast; I am in pursuit; I want my victory--that you should see and hear and above all feel the reality behind these words. For they are but a mask. Not the mask that conceals, not a mask that I would have you strike through as mere appearance, or, worse, deceitful appearance. Words need not be that kind of mask, but a mask such as the ancient Greek actors wore, a mask that expresses rather than conceals the inner drama.(But do you know me? Una? You have shipped long with me in the boat that is this book. Let me assure you and tell you that I know you, even something of your pain and joy, for you are much like me. The contract of writing and reading requires that we know each other. Did you know that I try on your mask from time to time? I become a reader, too, reading over what I have just written. If I am your shipbuilder and captain, from time to time I am also your comrade. Feel me now, standing beside you, just behind your shoulder?)
Paul R. Fleischman|Programmed in self-hatred, many of us shadow-box the light of day away and chase everything meaningless the night through until we perish more ignorant and confused than the very day we were born.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't live by your thoughts only; live by your words also. Whatever plans you think about, affirm it in your mouth first, declare it and you will succeed in working it out! Words can be powerful!
Julie   Johnson, Not You It's Me|It's the problem with fairy tales. From far away, they seem so perfect. But up close, they're just as complicated as real life.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|They can take our homes, our possessions. Our families. Our lives. They can drive us out, like they've driven us out before. They can humiliate us and dehumanize us. But they cannot take our thoughts. They cannot take our talents. They cannot take our knowledge, or our memories, or our minds. In music there is no bondage. Music is a door, and the soul escapes through the melody.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|People spoke in whispers, as if the war was listening
Iain Reid, I'm Thinking of Ending Things|Don't bother about those who can't understand you, because they don't deserve you for what you are.
Ankita Singhal|the flames are silent,Peace is violent,Tears are frozen’cause massacre was chosen.~~ 26/11– Mumbai terror attack memories
Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins|It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted. It confuses you, because you think that your feelings were wrong and it makes you feel so small because it's so hard to keep it inside when you let it out and it doesn't coma back. You're left so alone that you can't explain. Damn, there's nothing like that, is there? I've been there and you have too. You're nodding your head.
Terri E. Laine, Because of Him|A big hello from California!! And, when in doubt, self-publish, thank you smashwords.com!!!
Lena Dunham|Did he talk about silos?”“Of course he did,” I said. “We have to break down the silos that separate the academic side of the house from the Student Retention Office, apparently.”Emma wrinkled her nose. “Why is it a good thing to break silos? All that happens when you break a silo is that the grain spills out. Or the missile falls over.
Mayank S. Sengar|I have been the patient one. I have waited for the world to stop being silly. I have waited for it to stop wars. I have waited for politicians to be honest. I have waited for real estate men to be good citizens. But while I wait, I dance!
Bert Dodson, Keys to Drawing|Plots come to me at such odd moments, when I am walking along the street, or examining a hat shop…suddenly a splendid idea comes into my head.
Paul Tillich|He wasn't one who wanted to look back on his life and say  "I wish I spent more time in the office."
Arthur Rosenfeld|Certainly we can say that the pace of modern life, increased and supported by our technology in general and our personal electronics in particular, has resulted in a short attention span and an addiction to the influx of information. A mind so conditioned has little opportunity to think critically, and even less chance to experience life deeply by being in the present moment. A complex life with complicated activities, relationships and commitments implies a reflexive busy-ness that supplants true thinking and feeling with knee-jerk reactions. It is a life high in stress and light on substance, at least in the spiritually meaningful dimensions of being.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I'm Thankful in the knowledge that Each of us are making choices according to the best light we have. That there is never reason for embarrassment, humiliation, regret. This Life we live is here for us to make mistakes and learn from them and Spiritually grow. Imagining a person that has never made mistakes is like staring at an unworkable stone.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|The individual parts played by other instrumentalists-- crickets or earthworms, for instance-- may not have the sound of music by themselves, but we hear them out of context. If we could listen to them all at once, fully orchestrated, in their immense ensemble, we might become aware of the counterpoint, the balance of tones and timbres and harmonics, the sonorities. The recorded songs of the humpback whale, filled with tensions and resolutions, ambiguities and allusions, incomplete, can be listened to as a a part of music, like an isolated section of an orchestra. If we had better hearing, we could discern the descants of sea birds, the rhythmic tympani of schools of mollusks, or even the distant harmonies of midges hanging over meadows in the sun, the combined sound might lift us off our feet.
Clive Barker|I am young now and can look upon my body and soul with pride. But it will be mangled soon, and later it will begin to disintegrate, and then I shall die, and die conclusively. How can we face such a fact, and not live in fear?
Scott Cairns, Compass of Affection: Poems New and Selected|I turned and beheld seven rows of plasma screens, each bearing seven vivid scenes, each flickering, each pulsing with a light revealing distant terrors, conflagrations, sufferings - and all thereby brought so close, and all thereby kept far away.
Mark Susnow|Each of us get to choose the movie of our life. Not only that, but we're the main character, the director, and the producer. We get to choose how we want it to be.From the Soul of Uncertainty
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|Miss Murray is leaning on the door. "Ash, come on. It's time to go." Her hand is so tight on the handle, her knuckles are pale. She's looking at the floor. "Miss Murray?""What?" She doesn't move. I stare at her face but she doesn't return the look. "I love you."The air in the room has frozen, every atom suspended. Then her tense body slackens. Her hand loosens its grip on the door and she turns her head slowly towards me. She meets my gaze for a moment. Her eyes have dark rings under them. Her forehead is creased with worry. Her cheeks are pale. I want to make it all OK. I want to make her happy. I desperately want to touch her face. "I know," she says quietly.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|I wasn't good company, that was true, and people avoided me, but that was all right. I was too busy dreaming.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|When I read about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.
Jennifer Skiff, The Divinity of Dogs: True Stories of Miracles Inspired by Man's Best Friend|They told me that nothing was a sin, just a poor life choice. Poor impulse control. That nothing is evil. Any concept of right versus wrong, according to them, is merely a cultural construct relative to one specific time and place. They said that if anything should force us to modify our personal behavior it should be our allegiance to a social contract, not some vague, externally imposed threat of flaming punishment.
Brian Rathbone|Fantasy elevates ordinary and eternal problems of young people into stories via the language of myth. It turns “No one really knows me” into “I’ve got a secret identity.” It turns “I don’t understand why other people act the way they do” into “I’m trapped in a faerie realm.” It turns “my high school must have been built over the mouth of hell” into “my high school must have been built over the mouth of hell.” There are certain things in life that are glorious, and they are glorious for everyone. There are more that are hard, and they are hard for everyone. We like to see these things retold, but with dragons.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|That's certainly a problem. But that's not what I was thinking of. It's just that you are so soft, so fragile. I have to mind my actions every moment that we're together so that I don't hurt you. I could kill you quite easily, Bella, simply by accident." His voice had become just a soft murmur. He moved his icy palm to rest it against my cheek. "If I was too hasty… if for one second I wasn't paying enough attention, I could reach out, meaning to touch your face, and crush your skull by mistake. You don't realize howincredibly breakable you are. I can never, never afford to lose any kind of control when I'm with you.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|They were like animals, men. They found too much eye contact threatening.
Ilchi Lee, The Solar Body: The Secret to Natural Healing|You will be able to live as your authentic self when you find that infinite source of energy and that mind, bright and shining like the sun. Then you won’t need to become anyone other than yourself. You won’t need to depend on externals for your health and happiness, and you won’t need to look outside yourself to find passion and hope for life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Supporters of the [environmental] movement often appear to worship not the God of heaven, but the god of nature. This is a dangerous form of idolatry. Anytime animal life becomes more sacred in our view than human life, we have lost sight of our proper priorities.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|Night, which in Autumn seems to fall from the sky so suddenly, chilled us...
Tina Fey|Take motherhood: nobody ever thought of putting it on a moral pedestal until some brash feminists pointed out, about a century ago, that the pay is lousy and the career ladder nonexistent.
G.K. Chesterton|It seems to me that my lack of faith is not, as I once thought, a triumph of the rational mind, but rather a failure of the imagination - an inability to tolerate mistery.
Holly Black, Kin|I'm watching her talk. Watching her jaw move and collecting her words one by one as they spill from her lips. I don't deserve them. Her warm memories. I'd like to paint them over the bare plaster walls of my soul, but everything I paint seems to peel.
Nabil N. Jamal|Talk to people about what they want to hear, and they'll stay for more. Talk to them about what you want them to hear, and they'll soon turn away.
Will Self|Why is it people will complain, when they have an open door, where they can walk out to and gaze the stars; rather than having a closed door to lock them in?
Sunday Adelaja|The Moon did not consider that amongst the stars, there is no end. There is no fading away. There is no death in a place filled with forever, even though we all trick ourselves into thinking that this life we live now is the only life we will ever live.
bell hooks|I will not have my life narrowed down. I will not bow down to somebody else's whim or to someone else's ignorance".
Charlotte Eriksson|No one will come and save you. No one will come riding on a white horse and take all your worries away. You have to save yourself, little by little, day by day. Build yourself a home. Take care of your body. Find something to work on. Something that makes you excited, something you want to learn. Get yourself some books and learn them by heart. Get to know the author, where he grew up, what books he read himself. Take yourself out for dinner. Dress up for no one but you and simply feel nice. it’s a lovely feeling, to feel pretty. You don’t need anyone to confirm it.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|Human nature must be something which always remains one and the same, but which may be carried out in manifold ways.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I have now been an officer in this Church for a very long time. I am an old man who cannot deny the calendar. I have lived long enough and served in enough different capacities to have removed from my mind, if such were necessary, any doubt of the divinity of this, the work of God. We respect those of other churches. We desire their friendship and hope to render meaningful service with them. We know they all do good, but we unabashedly state—and this frequently brings criticism upon us—that this is the true and living Church of our Father in Heaven and His Son, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|I consider myself fortunate that I spent three years working at 7,775 feet before spending five years working at 13,796 feet on the summit of Mauna Kea. I can only wonder how much more severe my long term very high altitude sickness could have been without the initial adaptation to the lower altitude.
Habeeb Akande|In middle school I played against you once. And lost. I was so frustrated that I continued practicing even after I retired... And then when I entered high school, hell yeah, I laughed. The guy I vowed to defeat no matter what was standing right in front of me as one of my own teammates. But now it's pointless to hold a grudge. Rather, I wanted to make you recognize me. (Takao Kazunari)
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|I lie down on many a station platform; I stand before many a soup kitchen; I squat on many a bench;--then at last the landscape becomes disturbing, mysterious, and familiar. It glides past the western windows with its villages, their thatched roofs like caps, pulled over the white-washed, half-timbered houses, its corn-fields, gleaming like mother-of-pearl in the slanting light, its orchards, its barns and old lime trees. The names of the stations begin to take on meaning and my heart trembles. The train stamps and stamps onward. I stand at the window and hold on to the frame. These names mark the boundaries of my youth.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Whatever kind of seed is sown in a field, prepared in due season, a plant of that same kind, marked with the peculiar qualities of the seed, springs up in it.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|One of the Great Rules of Economics According to John GreenIf you are rich, you have to be an idiot not to stay rich. And if you are poor, you have to be really smart to get rich.
Elizabeth Hopkinson|There is a kind of truth in everything, even fairytales. In fact, especially in fairytales... The King understood it as he looked out from the roof of the Temple and saw the clouds flying past and the green fields far beneath him. He knew that some things are real whether you believe in them or not...(The Thirteenth King)
David Brooks|there was a common understanding that religion generally served the powerful, who manipulated the words of the gods and prophets to justify their greed and lust for power. Yet Christianity comes in numerous guises; mystical to dogmatic; it is used by some as a reason to justify their wars, their oppression and their hatreds. Others use it to oppose those wars and other injustices.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is like a trek to the mountain top. Everyone will eventually climb to the top. Later, or sooner, doesn't matter. What matters is - the person who holds your hand and prevents you from falling, the one who is always there to ease the climb for you...
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|? If you are not awed in the presence of a Holy God, then I say you may be like the crowds we have been observing in the Gospel of Mark and think of Jesus as no more than a winning lottery ticket to solve your immediate problems. Once the ticket is cashed, you take the money and go your own way.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|All our sentiments - religious, romantic or any other - are born in the neurons.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|MOST PEOPLE think acting is make-believe. Like it’s a big game where people put on costumes and feign kisses or stab wounds and then pretend to gasp and die. They think it’s a show. They don’t understand that acting is becoming someone else, changing your thoughts and needs until you don’t remember your own anymore. You let the other person invade everything you are and then you turn yourself inside out, spilling their identity onto the stage like a kind of bloodletting.
T.H. White, The Ill-Made Knight|It was amazing the things you could bring yourself to do when you felt insecure, when you were out to protect your heart. You could deny it what it wants most, just for the sake of saving your pride or dodging another bullet.
Adelle Waldman, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P.|Marriage and dating are man-made ideologies; if having a lover was a prerequisite to living, we’d all be born in pairs; as couples.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|I had yet to learn that when it came to gender, I was both and neither.
Mark Twain|This afternoon I sat at my window and alternately wrote at my new serial and watched a couple of dear, amusing, youngish maple-trees at the foot of the garden. They whispered secrets to each other all the afternoon. They would bend together and talk earnestly for a few moments, then spring back and look at each other, throwing up their hands comically in horror and amazement over their mutual revelations. I wonder what new scandal is afoot in Treeland.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I felt a hand on my back, movement behind me, my guys making room, someone squeezing into our circle, and then one last hand joined the pile: my Korean aide. I guess it made sense. We were her real family. The closest thing she’d ever had to a real family, at least. All year she said maybe five words a day. 'Now kick some ass,' she said.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Modern cosmetic surgeons have a direct financial interest in a social role for women that requires them to feel ugly. They do not simply advertise for a share of a market that already exists: Their advertisements create new markets. It is a boom industry because it is influentially placed to create its own demand through the pairing of text with ads in women's magazines. The industry takes out ads and gets coverage; women get cut open. They pay their money and they takes their chances. As surgeons grow richer, they are able to command larger and brighter ad spaces.
Sunday Adelaja|When you allow God to be manifested through you, you will experience a great joy.
Tad Williams, City of Golden Shadow|He had once thought it was strange to have a friend you'd never met. Now it was even stranger, losing a friend you'd never really had
Genesis Quihuis|When I realize I made someone's day, it makes my day.
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|Just sayin' you got a hot nature, little girl. Quick to anger, quick to lust. Some people are just like that - hot-blooded.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|I was hugely impressed... was the ultimate example of a man who knew what he didn't know, was perfectly willing to admit it, and didn't want to leave until he understood. That's heroic to me. I wish every grad student had that attitude.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: My Year of Cooking Dangerously|If I had thought the beef marrow might be a hell of a lot of work for not much difference, I needn’t have worried. The taste of the marrow is rich, meaty, intense in a nearly-too-much way. In my increasingly depraved state, I could think of nothing at first but that it tasted like really good sex. But there was something more than that, even. What it really tastes like is life, well lived. Of course the cow I got marrow from had a fairly crappy life – lots of crowds and overmedication and bland food that might or might not have been a relative. But deep in his or her bones, there was a capacity for feral joy. I could taste it.
Gangaji|I have fallen for someone who's so emotionally shut down, I will only get hurt.
Gayla Reid|Only in drama does it end with the tragedy; in life it grinds on. Moanday, tearsday, happy days, right through to Shatterdays. And Again.
Ada Cambridge, The Three Miss Kings|[Their marriage] will not be all cakes and ale.... They are too much alike to be the ideal match. Patty is thick-skinned and passionate, too ready to be hurt to the heart by the mere little pinpricks and mosquito bites of life; and Paul is proud and crotchety, and, like the great Napoleon, given to kick the fire with his boots when he is put out. There will be many little gusts of temper, little clouds of misunderstanding, disappointments, and bereavements, and sickness of mind and body; but with all this, they will find their lot so blessed, by reason of the mutual love and sympathy tat, through all the vicissitudes, will surely grow deeper and stronger every day they live together, that they will not know how to conceive a better one.
Robert Foster Bennett|I loved the feeling of freedom in running, the fresh air, the feeling that the only person I'm competing with is me.
S.A. Reid, Protection|When he put the old-fashioned mechanical toy on her palm, she stopped breathing. It was a tiny representation of an atom, complete with colored ball bearings standing in for neutrons, protons, and on the outside, arranged on arcs of fine wire, electrons. Turning the key on the side made the electrons move, what she’d thought were ball bearings actually finely crafted spheres of glass that sparked with color. A brilliant, thoughtful, wonderful gift for a physics major.“Why magnesium?” she asked, identifying the atomic number of the light metal. His hand on her jaw, his mouth on her own. “Because it’s beautifully explosive, just like my X.
Diana Evans, 26a|To die on a dying Earth - I'd live, if only to weep.
Henry Hazlitt|I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|We don't value craftsmanship anymore! All we value is ruthless efficiency, and I say we deny our own humanity that way! Without appreciation for grace and beauty, there's no pleasure in creating things and no pleasure in having them! Our lives are made drearier, rather than richer! How can a person take pride in his work when skill and care are considered luxuries! We're not machines! We have a human need for craftsmanship!
Eric Valli|Fear is a sign to prepare yourself, not to stop.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavenly blessings are life, grace, hope, faith, love, inner peace, nature, family, friends….!
Nancy Pelosi|On every front there are clear answers out there that can make this country stronger, but we're going to break through the fear and the frustration people are feeling. Our job is to make sure that even as we make progress, that we are also giving people a sense of hope and vision for the future.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|I want to burn the world because Alan is gone," he said. "I want to destroy everything I see. But you mean something to me. I will not destroy the world, because it has you in it.
Dr. Seuss|If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,You have to go places quite out of the way,You have to go places no others can get to.You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.
Louis L'Amour|Men should be like Kleenex, soft, strong and disposable.
Margaret Atwood|When I am writing fiction, I believe I am much better organized, more methodical - one has to be when writing a novel. Writing poetry is a state of free float.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|I couldn't face being in a comfort zoneBecause when I was in your zone, I'd find comfort
Fenley Douglas|Death descended like a theatrical storm over the Drakensberg Mountains, stranding me while it ran its course.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|If not as a true human, let me tell you as a Biologist, color of the skin does not define an individual’s intelligence – it does not define an individual’s ambitions - it does not define an individual’s dreams – and above all, it does not define an individual’s character.
Charmaine J. Forde|Do not wait until Christmas to spread a little cheer,people appreciate kindness, all through of the year.
Lauren Kate, Teardrop|In order for people to live their own lives and fulfill their destiny, they must differentiate themselves from destructive environmental influences.
Damon Horowitz|In every tool we create, an idea is embedded that goes beyond the function of the thing itself.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|So be lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience.
Clarence Darrow, Resist Not Evil|If every man who passed an unjust judgment on his fellow should be condemned, how many judges would be found so vain and foolish as to review and condemn their Maker’s work?
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|If you want, I can carry you—” “I’m fine,” she said shortly. “Let’s go.”He’d said that wrong. He should have said, “I want to carry you.
D.H.Lawrence, Sons & Lovers|Do you like singing?" Miriam asked her."If it is good," she said.Paul, of course, coloured."You mean if it is high-class and trained?" he said."I think a voice needs training before the singing is anything," she said."You might as well insist on having people's voices trained before you allowed them to talk," he replied. "Really, people sing for their own pleasure, as a rule.""And it may be for other people's discomfort.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Against Wind and Tide: Letters and Journals, 1947-1986|And so I miss the fertilization that might come from a contact. And for me--yes, I think I might as well admit it--fertilization does come a great deal from contacts. Why then do I avoid them--in a sort of false pride--shyness--timorous modesty? I used to be afraid of falling in love with people--or having them think I was--that I was chasing them (how ridiculous--I am actually always running away!) but now surely--I should be mature enough to be over that. I am no longer afraid of falling in love, and the other false modesties should vanish. I cannot bear to think "par delicatesse j'ai perdu ma vie." (Because of discretion I have lost my life).
T.J. Klune, The Lightning-Struck Heart|Morgan said, “And what have you brought me?”“Something unexpected,” Sam said pr
Robert Englund|God never gives someone a gift they are not capable of receiving. If he gives us the gift of Christmas, it is because we all have the ability to understand and receive it.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Universal emptiness is mere concept.The fact is, there was never emptiness.
Thomas Bernhard, Old Masters: A Comedy|The art historians are the real wreckers of art, Reger said. The art historians twaddle so long about art until they have killed it with their twaddle. Art is killed by the twaddle of the art historians. My God, I often think, sitting here on the settee while the art historians are driving their helpless flocks past me, what a pity about all these people who have all art driven out of them, driven out of them for good, by these very art historians. The art historians’ trade is the vilest trade there is, and a twaddling art historian, but then there are only twaddling art historians, deserves to be chased out with a whip, chased out of the world of art, Reger said, all art historians deserve to be chased out of the world of art, because art historians are the real wreckers of art and we should not allow art to be wrecked by the art historians who are really art wreckers. Listening to an art historian we feel sick, he said, by listening to an art historian we see the art he is twaddling about being ruined, with the twaddle of the art historian art shrivels and is ruined. Thousands, indeed tens of thousands of art historians wreck art by their twaddle and ruin it, he said. The art historians are the real killers of art, if we listen to an art historian we participate in the wrecking of art, wherever an art historian appears art is wrecked, that is the truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My desire is to embrace, to explore, to dance, to hug, to inspire, to know, to learn, to love, to read, to search, to seek, to share, to write……!
Arsene Wenger|If you have some respect for people as they are, you can be more effective in helping them to become better than they are.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|It is always assumed by the empty-headed, who chatter about themselves for want of something better, that people who do not discuss their affairs openly must have something to hide.
Donna Freitas, Sex and the Soul: Juggling Sexuality, Spirituality, Romance, and Religion on America's College Campuses|To create a community where faith matters not just in theory but in reality, faith has to be a public value, not just a private one.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|I couldn’t miss Percy’s fifteenth birthday,” Poseidon said. “Why, if this were Sparta, Percy would be a man today!”"That’s true,” Paul said. “I used to teach ancient history.”Poseidon’s eyes twinkled. “That’s me. Ancient history.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|Their eyes find mine and they freeze. Emotions flicker across their faces quicker than I can identify, until finally they settle on one I recognize. One I see every time Miya looks at me. Love. - Dylan
Man Ray|Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Existence, after losing her, would be hell
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Islam and Christianity promise eternal paradise to the faithful. And that is a powerful opiate, certainly, the hope of a better life to come. But there's a Sufi story that challenges the notion that people believe only because they need an opiate. Rabe'a al-Adiwiyah, a great woman saint of Sufism, was seem running through the streets of her hometown, Basra, carrying a torch in one hand and a bucket of water in the other. When someone asked her what she was doing, she answered, 'I am going to take this bucket of water and pour it on the flames of hell, and then I am going to use this torch to burn down the gates of paradise so that people will not love God for want of heaven of fear of hell, but because He is God.
Fern Schumer Chapman, Motherland: Beyond the Holocaust: A Mother-Daughter Journey to Reclaim the Past|Memory for most is a kind of afterlife; for my mother, it is another form of life.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|Rosamond, accustomed from her childhood to an extravagant household, thought that good housekeeping consisted simply in ordering the best of everything––nothing else 'answered;' and Lydgate supposed that 'if things were done at all, they must be done properly'–he did not see how they were to live otherwise. If each head of household expenditure had been mentioned to him beforehand, he would have probably observed that 'it could hardly come to much,' and if any one had suggested a saving on a particular article–for example, the substitution of cheap fish for dear–it would have appeared to him simply a penny-wise, mean notion.
Anthony T. Hincks|My mind ran over everything that had happened lately, and running on such thoughts made even my feet hurt.
Josh Hartnett|People who stay unemployed for a long time start to look like damaged goods, and they don't get such good offers. Also, they're not learning anything. Most learning is on-the-job learning.
O. S. Hickman|life is full of wonders, but you ca't have rainbows without rain, lightning and thunder
Shannon L. Alder|Vulnerability gives us freedom, power and connects us to a network of injured souls. It is through the art of being real that we can heal ourself and others.
Karen A. Baquiran|Cicero said that gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. If that’s true, then my happiness does not cause me to be grateful for what I have. My gratitude for what I have causes me to be happy. Gratitude births the virtue of happiness.
Dawn Lindsey, The Great Lady Tony|I saw the first light, fore-running the sun, gather in a cup of the eastern cloud, gather and grow and brim, till at last it spilled like milk over the golden lip, to smear the dark face of heaven from end to end. From east to north, and back to south again, the clouds slackened, the stars, trembling on the verge of extinction, guttered in the dawn wind, and the gates of day were ready to open at the trumpet. . .
Vint Cerf|I wish I could know everything ever, like that would be my wish - that's what I hope heaven is, that they tell you who shot JFK and all that stuff.
Thomas Jefferson|Our history, especially that of the great religions, Christianity in particular, has given us a "hidden prejudice" in favor of the "beyond" at the expense of the "here and now" and this must be changed.(quoted from The Age of Atheists" by Peter Watson, p 25)
Paul Krassner|The imitator dooms himself to hopeless mediocrity. The inventor did it, because it was natural to him, and so in him it has a charm. In the imitator, something else is natural, and he bereaves himself of his own beauty, to come short of another man's.
Jaeda DeWalt|As an artist, i live in fantasy and flirt with reality. I'm an emotional magician of sorts. I paint my feelings onto the abstract canvas of a waking dream. I suspend my concepts in the ether's of otherworldly realms. This is the way my existence has always been. I am untethered, a traveler between worlds. I sinuously slip in and out of the real and surreal, until, they are one and the same. I do not like being shackled or chained, to the physical plane.
Corrie ten Boom|I ask you right here please to agree with me that a scar is never ugly. That is what the scar makers want us to think. But (...) we must see all scars as beauty. (...) Because take it from me, a scar does not form on the dying. A scar means, 'I survived'.
Stan Beecham|All your stress, pain, suffering, misery is due to your attachment with it. If you don’t attach with the things, that doesn’t serve you, either in your internal or external life, slowly those things lose grip on you, and you release yourself from it forever.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|When I got home, a spicy scent lured me into the kitchen. My stomach grumbled and I might’ve started drooling the moment I spotted the cheesy enchiladas cooling on the counter.They were drenched in homemade queso.My favorite.Dropping my bag on the floor, I skipped over to where Rosa was placing the plates on the table. I wrapped my arms around her from behind and squeezed.Rosa laughed as she turned. “It’s the queso, isn’t it?”Nodding, I dropped my arms and stepped back.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|And that was the point of children, thought Caroline Meddey: to bind us to the earth and to the present, to distract us from death.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Book of Life|To listen is very hard, because it asks of us so much interior stability that we no longer need to prove ourselves by speeches, arguments, statements, or declarations. True listeners no longer have an inner need to make their presence known. They are free to receive, to welcome, to accept.Listening is much more than allowing another to talk while waiting for a chance to respond. Listening is paying full attention to others and welcoming them into our very beings. The beauty of listening is that, those who are listened to start feeling accepted, start taking their words more seriously and discovering their own true selves. Listening is a form of spiritual hospitality by which you invite strangers to become friends, to get to know their inner selves more fully, and even to dare to be silent with you.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|The earth is grounding while the mountains, curvaceous and sweeping, offer a blanket of refuge. Their woods are abounding in camouflage as their leaves sway about in continuous, florid dance. There is an air of invulnerability that is exclusive to the woods, which is why she’s most happy among them. She doesn’t mind beasts as they are preferable to humans and much less threatening; beasts, you see, although dangerous, are incapable of the enmity that permeates beyond the shade of the woods.
David Quammen, Spillover: Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic|Black magic, the magic of the primeval chaos, blots out or transmogrifies the true form of things. At the stroke of twelve the princess must flee the banquet or risk discovery in the rags of a kitchen wench; coach reverts to pumpkin. Instability lies at the heart of the world. With uncanny foresight folklore has long toyed symbolically with what the nineteenth century was to proclaim a reality - namely, that form is an illusion of the time dimension, that the magic flight of the pursued hero or heroine through frogskin and wolf coat has been, and will continue to be, the flight of all men.
Sunday Adelaja|God desires your increase in your leadership, stewardship, relationship, and business
Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna, Helen Fleetwood|Alone man enters the world; alone he must launch forth upon eternity; and between the two periods there is many a moment when, despite himself, man is compelled to feel what it is to be utterly alone.
Alvah Bessie|I think even when homeowners love their room, it's still a shock, because you left your house, went to sleep, came home and your room was dramatically and drastically different.
Leslie Lee Sanders, Beyond the Darkness|And Lord knows there are more than enough rooms to love someone properly, even if they don't all have floors or ceilings.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A part of me expects more of my only sister....Dorothy has always been exactly who she is, and for me to hope for anything better reminds me of a quote attributed to Einstein: Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Dorothy is predictable. She does the same thing repeatedly and expects not a different result but the same one she got the last time she did whatever she wants with little regard for anyone else. So maybe she's the sane one....
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|I finally gave in today. Admitting that I haven't been able to do it alone, that's defeat right? But do a couple pills change why I'm here? Will my spirit be altered? Do my passions change? Will I lose hope either way? My madness is what makes me. It’s my most unique beauty.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Spring|You’re not worried about being compromised, are you?” he asked. “Because I’ve already done that.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Never make choices that will make you hurt others. If you will not help them, don’t hurt them!
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|DaffodowndillyShe wore her yellow sun-bonnet, She wore her greenest gown;She turned to the south wind And curtsied up and down.She turned to the sunlight And shook her yellow head,And whispered to her neighbor: "Winter is dead.
Michael Moorcock, The Elric Saga Part I|Man may trust man, Prince Elric, but perhaps we'll never have a truly sane world until men learn to trust mankind. That would mean the death of magic, I think.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|When asked my advice as I stroll through the town,“A good lady knows how to take a political assassin down.
Mark Millar, Superman: Red Son|We ordinary people might lack your great speed or your X-Ray vision, Superman, but never underestimate the power of the human mind. We carry the most dangerous weapon on Earth inside these thick skulls of ours.
Maya Angelou|If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes.
Ginnifer Goodwin|My wife was the first romantic partner who understood both American and native parts of me - not so much the positive stuff, but the damage.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|I sometimes longed for someone who, like me, had not adjusted perfectly with his age, and such a person was hard to find; but I soon discovered cats, in which I could imagine a condition like mine, and books, where I found it quite often.
Rachel Sklar|By respect for life we become religious in a way that is elementary, profound and alive.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|We start climbing the stairs but after a while start dreaming of the elevators, we leave the current moment & start thinking about our wishful moment. It’s good to dream, but once we imagine being in a superior position, our dedication & efforts towards the current moment seems unimportant. Remember every moment is important, be the best & leave a mark on every lived moment.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|A Sign of Respect. As our world grows more casual, we observe a tendency for everyone to use first names rather than surnames. “It is a pleasure meeting you, Mrs. Young,” has a completely different connotation than “Nice to meet you, Susan.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|When one person gets cancer, the whole family gets cancer.
Brian Wildsmith, Carousel|Step aboard and we will fly through the window, through the sky
Alone Together Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Mobile technology has made each of us "pausable.
Imelda Marcos|You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul's own doing.
John Berryman|You should always be trying to write a poem you are unable to write, a poem you lack the technique, the language, the courage to achieve. Otherwise you're merely imitating yourself, going nowhere, because that's always easiest.
Anonymous|What can you say when your husband says: 'You can't expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older."
Steve Tisch|I hope people remember me for the kind of person that I am, not because of what I do.
Chris Geere|Information design has been around since the 1970s. Pioneers like Yale University design guru Edward Tufte and design agency Pentagram have long known and used its power. But now with the rise of the Internet, it's having something of a second birth.
Nikhil Sharda|When humankind cannot produce a philosopher to speak its mind, it longs for a poet to sing its heart
Jane   Collins, Willing Change|Change itself is not a choice, but you can choose to be willing to change and you can choose to will the changes that you want. Willing Change
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|People and things would continue to exist in a world where I did not, and no one would ever think of me. And, if that was the case, then what was the point of existing in the first place?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the sacred-time, all beatitudes manifest.
Paul Theroux|All white people are born with a singular mission in life in order to pass from regular whitehood into ultra-whitehood. Just as Muslims have to visit Mecca, all white people must eventually renovate a house before they can be complete.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|The universe belongs to you, and you belong to your conscience.
Obiora Embry|Knowledge is power and at the end of the day, our health, the health of our children, the health of our community, and the health of Mother Earth is our responsibility. Therefore, it is imperative that we understand the human and environmental affects of the products that we buy.
Danny Dover, The Minimalist Mindset|It sounds like a terrible idea,” said Friday. “But that doesn’t mean it won’t work.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers|The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Be attractive and winsome, but do not compromise your convictions for the sake of popularity.
yssubramanyam|Great leaders passed away, politicians made their way.
Priyavrat Thareja|You can't write an honest novel about race in this country. If you write about how people are really affected by race, it'll be too obvious. Black writers who do literary fiction in this country, all three of them, not the ten thousand who write those bullshit ghetto books with the bright covers, have two choices: they can do precious or they can do pretentious. When you do neither, nobody knows what to do with you. So if you're going to write about race, you have to make sure it's so lyrical and subtle that the reader who doesn't read between the lines won't even know it's about race. You know, a Proustian meditation, all watery and fuzzy, that at the end just leaves you feeling watery and fuzzy.""Or just find a white writer. White writers can be blunt about race and get all activist because their anger isn't threatening.
James W. Sire, How to Read Slowly|Using a combination of history, common sense, the Word of God and the Spirit of God, every leader can generally predict the way things will go.
Bill Mollison|A conscience is easier to swallow on an empty belly, simpler to swing with a broken wrist. The people who hate money are the ones who don’t have any. The people who hate power are the ones who are powerless
Amy Plum, Die Once More|Stab me in the heart; once, twice, more. For it is your own you are stabbing; I gave you mine to hold long ago. No pain will be greater than you leaving with my heart in your hands. Rip me apart or hold it for eternity, in the name of love.
John Updike|I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
Keith Bellows|There are some parts of the world that, once visited, get into your heart and won't go. For me, India is such a place. When I first visited, I was stunned by the richness of the land, by its lush beauty and exotic architecture, by its ability to overload the senses with the pure, concentrated intensity of its colors, smells, tastes, and sounds. It was as if all my life I had been seeing the world in black and white and, when brought face-to-face with India, experienced everything re-rendered in brilliant technicolor.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Gestures and the Signals They Send•	Rubbing your face, palms, and neck may signify anxiety and stress.•	Arms crossed with clenched fists may signify hostility, anger, and impatience.•	Arms crossed with each hand gripping other arm may signify insecurity and self-doubt.•	Arms crossed with thumbs up may signify interest and engagement.•	Or my favorite—arms crossed may signify that you are simply cold!•	Fidgeting and squirming may signify that you are lying, afraid of being found out, insecure, or uncomfortable.•	Standing with your hands behind your back may signify power and superiority.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, Leftism Revisited: from de Sade and Marx to Hitler and Pol Pot|The Apostles used their voice not to change the current political situation, but to change the world forever by changing hearts
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Strephon kissed me in the spring,Robin in the fall,But Colin only looked at me,And never kissed at all.Strephon's kiss was lost in jest,Robin's lost in play,But the kiss in Colin's eyesHaunts me night and day.
lauren klarfeld|Some people are bringing the business tricks of scarcity mentality into God's mind. They will tell you that only a few will see God. Why? God's heart is infinitely huge, his arms infinitely large that all of us can have a place in him
Marge Piercy, The Moon Is Always Female: Poems|Open your eyes, baby. Look at me.” He pressed his forehead down to meet mine, my eyelids fluttering open at his command. “Look at me and tell me you don’t want it.”I peered up at him with unsteady breaths, hearing his throat work when I tilted my lips to graze his. The contact was feather light, my heart hammering through my chest at the feel of it. “I’m looking,” I breathed against him.“Good. Because right now, all I want to do is rip your clothes off and make you come until you can’t stand, and I want your eyes on me the whole time, are we clear?”-Jackson and Emma
Luigina Sgarro|The cruelest thing is love that leads us to deal with the parts of ourselves that we do not want to see, and this is what, in fact, we do not forgive each other.
Kate DiCamillo|Humanity was a passing notion to him; something he liked to try on for size and model in the dressing room, but never actually felt compelled to buy.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Anyway, I keep picturing all these little kids playing some game in this big field of rye and all. Thousands of little kids, and nobody's around - nobody big, I mean - except me. And I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff - I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.
Douglas Adams|I believe my judgment has never been clearer. I have seen firsthand their potential, their strength of will, in a way you have not.”“You have loosed a chaotic, unstable variable into the Mosaic. They will destroy everything.”“It is a risk. They also may save everything.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Things like that happen all the time in this great big world of ours. It is like taking a boat out on a beautiful lake on a beautiful day and thinking both the sky and the lake are beautiful. Things will go where they are supposed to go if you just let them take their natural course. Despite your best efforts, people are going to be hurt when it is time for them to be hurt. Life is like that.
C.J. Lynne, Finally Letting Go|Life was profligate with beauty, only if you stopped to look, only if you had someone to share it with.
Megan Marshall, Margaret Fuller: A New American Life|The principal error that befalls those who want to depict men is to suppose that they have a fixed character rather than a life that is but a tissue of contradictions: the more deeply one studies them, the less one dares to delineate them.
Sunday Adelaja|For of those to whom much is given, much is required
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|While you are continuing this practice, week after week, year after year, your experience will become deeper and deeper, and your experience will cover everything you do in your everyday life. The most important thing is to forget all gaining ideas, all dualistic ideas. In other words, just practice zazen in a certain posture. Do not think about anything. Just remain on your cushion without expecting anything. Then eventually you will resume your own true nature. That is to say, your own true nature resumes itself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t argue with [a professor], but test everything he says in the light of God’s Word.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|The revolution that counts is the one that takes place in the imagination; many kinds of change issue forth thereafter, some gradual and subtle, some dramatic and conflict-ridden--which is to say that revolution doesn't necessarily look like revolution.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Create a world for yourself in which you can rest,until then stay restless.
Nenia Campbell, Endgame|Everyone needs to escape sometimes, and retreating into somebody else's fantasy isn't nearly as satisfying as slipping into your own.
José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ|The lamb, having survived the storm unharmed and no longer afraid, came up to Jesus and put its mouth to his lips, there was no sniffing, one touch was all that was needed. Jesus opened his eyes, saw the lamb, then the livid sky like a black hand blocking whatever light remained. The olive tree still burned. His bones ached when he tried to move, but at least he was in one piece, if that can be said of a body so fragile that it takes only a clap of thunder to knock it to the ground. He sat up with some effort and reassured himself, more by touch than by sight, that he was neither burned nor paralyzed, none of his bones were broken, and apart from a loud buzzing in his head as insistent as the drone of a trumpet, he was all right. He drew the lamb to him and said, Don’t be afraid, He only wanted to show you that you would have been dead by now if that was His will, and to show me that it was not I who saved your life but He. One last rumble of thunder slowly tore the air like a sigh, while below, the white patch of the flock seemed a beckoning oasis.Struggling to overcome his weakness, Jesus descended the slope. The lamb, kept on its cord simply as a precaution, trotted at his side like a little dog.
Christopher Hitchens, Is Christianity Good for the World?|the believer claims to know, not just that God exists, but that his most detailed wishes are not merely knowable but actually known. Since religion drew its first breath when the species lived in utter ignorance and considerable fear, I hope I may be forgiven for declining to believe that another human being can tell me what to do, in the most intimate details of my life and mind, and to further dictate these terms as if acting as proxy for a supernatural entity.
Tim Dutton|Among the mutations that have affected the knowledge of things ... only one, which began a century and a half ago ... has allowed the figure of man to appear.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Let me tell you a story. There was a student who asked his teacher, what is love? The teacher said go into the field and bring me the most beautiful flower. The student returned with no flower at hand and said, “I found the most beautiful flower in the field but I didn't pick it up for I might find a better one, but when I returned to the place, it was gone.”We always look for the best in life. When we finally see it, we take it for granted and after some time start expecting a better one, not knowing that it's the best for us.
C.M.  Hayden, The Stars That Form Us|It’s an often repeated lie that familial bonds are the strongest. Some swear by them. Some claim an other-worldly connection with their siblings or nonsense of that order. These can be dismissed as flights of fancy. Artifices of civilization.In the wild, animals often exhibit what we would perceive as familial love. Some wild cats will grow up nurtured by their mothers, surrounded by their siblings, but should one stray from the pack for too long and attempt to rejoin, it will be summarily eaten or maimed by its ‘family.’ It’s no longer a part of them. The blood connection is irrelevant, what matters is the perception of the group.Conversely, there have been recorded instances of unfaithful wives giving birth to children from a man other than her husband. The father, oblivious to the indiscretion, loves the child as if it were his own. Would that love fade if he found out the truth?Who do you love more, your brother or your best friend? What if your brother tried to kill you, who then? Here, then, is my twentieth truth: “Do not trust in blood, trust only in yourself." In the end, that is all you have.
Michael Coren, Why Catholics are Right|The village lay in the hollow, and climbed, with very prosaic houses, the other side. Village architecture does not flourish in Scotland. The blue slates and the grey stone are sworn foes to the picturesque; and though I do not, for my own part, dislike the interior of an old-fashioned pewed and galleried church, with its little family settlements on all sides, the square box outside, with its bit of a spire like a handle to lift it by, is not an improvement to the landscape. Still, a cluster of houses on differing elevations - with scraps of garden coming in between, a hedgerow with clothes laid out to dry, the opening of a street with its rural sociability, the women at their doors, the slow waggon lumbering along - gives a centre to the landscape. It was cheerful to look at, and convenient in a hundred ways. ("The Open Door")
Vera Brittain, Testament of Youth|How fortunate we were who still had hope I did not then realise; I could not know how soon the time would come when we should have no more hope, and yet be unable to die
Roshan Sharma|There are three realities of life. The reality that you hold, as your individual’s perspective, the actual reality, and the ultimate truth, out of which your perspective and the actual reality take place.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|If one shifts the center of gravity of life out of life into the “Beyond” – into nothingness – one has deprived life as such of its center of gravity. The great lie of personal immortality destroys all rationality, all naturalness of instinct, all that is salutary, all that is life-furthering.
Oscar Wilde|Who, being loved, is poor?
Venkatraman Ramakrishnan|My father was a GP; my mother was a teacher and amateur actress. My father was a bit of a storyteller, but the acting influence must have been from her - yes, put it down to my mother.
Isaiah Berlin, The Power of Ideas|Ample figure, dazzling splendour to rest under the bed of soil; blooming dreams and withering numb; pangs of hunger, hitches of joy; dreadful pain, loudest laughter, piteous silence that echoes deep – were they all mere delusion? Yet, I wonder if they were real at least until I close these eyes! O dear! Did your own self deceive you?
Alyson Noel|Please don’t go. Just stay, talk to me, we can work this out. I know we can. I would never cheat on you – I swear to you. Just believe me, please. I love you so much. You’re the only person I’ve ever loved. And I know I’ve screwed up with the drugs, but I would never cheat on you. You’re my best friend. You’re my everything.
Charlotte Munro, The Lockharts|By the sound of things, you know nothing about mathematics.''You can put it like that. I'm utterly useless.''Useless is such a harsh word, you are merely... inexperienced. So I thought we could start at the beginning.''I'm not that stupid. I know how to add, subtract and multiply-''I don't mean that kind of beginning...
Frank Rich|When I had a look at the lights of Broadway by night, I said to my American friends : "What a glorious garden of wonders this would be, to any who was lucky enough to be unable to read
Carrie Jones, Need|My eyes meet his eyes.“You were a jerk,” I say.His hands move to my cheeks. “I’m sorry.”I pull away, but I can only go an inch before I bump into lacrosse sticks, not that I really want to go any farther. “Nope. No way. You do not get to kiss me yet.”He pouts.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Would you have done that in his place? Would you have left him and gone on?""Of course I would!" Halt replied immediately. But something in his voice rang false and Horse looked at him, raising one eyebrow. He'd waited a long time for an opportunity to use that expression of disbelief on Halt.After a pause, the Ranger's anger subsided."All right. Perhaps I wouldn't," he admitted. Then he glared at Horace. "And stop raising that eyebrow on me. You can't even do it properly. Your other eyebrow moves with it!
Stephen R. Covey|Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Walter Lord|But at the time, a mark of how far down the rabbit hole I had fallen, I saw it as just another tragedy I needed to stuff in the growing box in the back of my head. Shut the top and move on.
Joan Gould, Spinning Straw into Gold: What Fairy Tales Reveal About the Transformations in a Woman's Life|Ladies, no matter how hard you try, a man will never complete you. Only God can. And if you don’t know your identity in Him, you’ll be lost forever.
Lee Smith, Oral History|Young things like you don't need any ornaments but those you wear to-night: youth, health, intelligence, and modesty.
Tracy Hickman, The Immortals|Imagine you are Siri Keeton:You wake in an agony of resurrection, gasping after a record-shattering bout of sleep apnea spanning one hundred forty days. You can feel your blood, syrupy with dobutamine and leuenkephalin, forcing its way through arteries shriveled by months on standby. The body inflates in painful increments: blood vessels dilate; flesh peels apart from flesh; ribs crack in your ears with sudden unaccustomed flexion. Your joints have seized up through disuse. You're a stick-man, frozen in some perverse rigor vitae.You'd scream if you had the breath.Vampires did this all the time, you remember. It was normal for them, it was their own unique take on resource conservation. They could have taught your kind a few things about restraint, if that absurd aversion to right-angles hadn't done them in at the dawn of civilization. Maybe they still can. They're back now, after all— raised from the grave with the voodoo of paleogenetics, stitched together from junk genes and fossil marrow steeped in the blood of sociopaths and high-functioning autistics. One of them commands this very mission. A handful of his genes live on in your own body so it too can rise from the dead, here at the edge of interstellar space. Nobody gets past Jupiter without becoming part vampire.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|People are little creatures with big capacities, finite beings with infinite desires, deserving nothing but demanding all. God made people with this huge capacity and desire in order that He might come in and completely satisfy that desire.
Martin Scorsese|Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Anyhow, many people in the soft sciences are prone to be wrong because they’re crazy** some are dumb, too, but that’s another story.
Howard Rheingold, Tools for Thought: The History and Future of Mind-Expanding Technology|It is up to us to decide what human means, and exactly how it is different from machine, and what tasks ought and ought not to be trusted to either species of symbol-processing system. But some decisions must be made soon, while the technology is still young. And the deciding must be shared by as many citizens as possible, not just the experts. In that sense, the most important factor in whether we will all see the dawn of a humane, sustainable world in the twenty-first century will be how we deal with these machines a few of us thought up and a lot of us will be using.
General Robert E. Lee|… I believe that the maintenance of the rights and authority reserved to the states and to the people … are the safeguard to the continuance of a free government … whereas the consolidation of the states into one vast republic, sure to be aggressive abroad and despotic at home, will be the certain precursor of that ruin which has overwhelmed all those that have preceded it.
Kerry E. Wagner, Never Let Go of My Hand|You can add up your blessings or add up your troubles. Either way, you'll find you have an abundance.
Germany Kent|Think before you click. If people do not know you personally and if they cannot see you as you type, what you post online can be taken out of context if you are not careful in the way your message is delivered.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Then I told him, ‘Injustice, Poverty and Discrimination is faced by a lot of Indians, and also majority, the fact is that if you “Minority” stop thinking yourself as a part of “Minority” and start thinking as the part of India, and proceed together for it’s good, then only “Minority” and majority would progress altogether.
Yawatta Hosby, Something's Amiss|No, she's been killing me with kindness." She pointed her finger in his face. "There's a difference, and if you didn't have her on a pedestal, you could tell the difference.
Ansel Adams|A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|The poet who sees himself as a hero or a prophet, or a priest of the socio-political forces to which he is loyal, which he believes are the historical necessities of his times, too easily becomes a puppet. He has no external measure with which to assess reality. Whether he submits to the forces or rejects them, he becomes a parody of himself, and then without knowing it submits his gifts to the demons of his era. He loses his place in the continuity of time. He becomes dependent on social affirmation and the drug of exalted feelings common to all revolutionaries. He destroys, even as he thinks he creates.
Shannon L. Alder|Life is a choice. Your choices each day determine what outcomes happen in your life. It is by choice, not by chance, that will determine your life. An Unstoppable Life begins by taking responsibility for your choices.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|I think you're a fairy tale. I think you're magical, and brave, and exquisite. And I hope you'll let me be in your story.
Chloe Neill, Blood Games|Family. Couldn't live with them, couldn't run a stake through them.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|When I was a child, I thought as a child. But now I have put away childish things.
Randall Jarrell|If philosophy has to serve some really noble purpose, it must be more observant than critical towards life.
Thomas Pynchon|Could he have been the fork in the road American never took, the singular point she jumped the wrong way from? Suppose the Slothropite heresy had had the time to consolidate and prosper? Might there have been fewer crimes in the name of Jesus, and more mercy in the name of Judas Iscariot? It seems to Tyrone Slothrop that there might be a route back--maybe that anarchist he met in Zurich was right, maybe for a little while all the fences are down, one road as good as another, the whole space of the Zone cleared...
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Yet some happiness must and would arise, from the very conviction, that he did suffer.
Bob Marley|When you give all your power to the powers that be, you take away the powers of thee.
Eddie Redmayne|A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I wasn’t in the mood for a fight, but fights weren’t always conveniently scheduled. (Jessica)
Joel Osteen|I don't think all buildings have to be iconic, but the history of the world has shown us that cultures build iconic buildings for their major public buildings.
Gillian Jacobs|I went to college and got my degree in acting, but because it was all theater, I really consider my first couple years on 'Mad Men' as amazing training for working in television and for acting on-camera.
Rao Umar Javed|Jail's are a spooky place," remarked Bill, trying to match the pace of detective Adam."Oh that is nothing in front of the ultimate fear" replied detective Adam."Ultimate fear?""Funny thing that, the ultimate fear is also the ultimate relief.""Which is?""Death
Nick Harkaway, Tigerman|Let me sleep," he said, and shut the door; it clicked in her face and she felt animal terror - this was what she feared most in life: the clicking shut of a man's door in her face.Instantly, she raised her hand to knock, discovered the rock... she banged on the door with the rock, but not loudly, just enough to let him know how desperate she was to get back in, but not enough to bother him if he didn't want to answer.He didn't. No sound, no movement of the door. Nothing but the void."Tony?" she gasped, pressing her ear to the door. Silence. "Okay," she said numbly; clutching her rock she walked unsteadily across the porch toward her own living quarters.The rock vanished. Her hand felt nothing."Damn," she said, not knowing how to react. Where had it gone? Into air. But then it must have been an illusion, she realized. He put me in a hypnotic state and made me believe. I should have known it wasn't really true.A million stars burst into wheels of light, blistering, cold light, that drenched her. It came from behind and she felt the great weight of it crash into her. "Tony," she said, and fell into the waiting void. She thought nothing; she felt nothing. She saw only, saw the void as it absorbed her, waiting below and beneath her as she plummeted down the many miles.On her hands and knees she died. Alone on the porch. Still clutching for what did not exist.
Lancelot Hogben, Mathematics for the Million: How to Master the Magic of Numbers|Striving to convey to this beloved audience of one what was going on around me during those five years, I learned the power of language to map a life, to overcome a distance, to focus attention on what matters most.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|He admired her for throwing off her aristocratic shackles -- his terms, that -- and making her own way in the world.He didn't realize that the truth was so much more complex, so much less impressive. She had less thrown than been thrown.
Voltaire|‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Billionaire Mindset (for MoneyMaking Mommies): How to make your Billions and build your legacy|Why do all this? Because there are people out there who need you, and they will be more than willing to give you what you need so you can give them your best, but if you're busy pursuing everyone, or if you're so drained at the end of the day, you won't be able to be your best and give your best.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|There is only One Man Playing your Game, You!
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|You seriously have a Dalmatian? Is that, like, mandatory for a firefighter?
François-René de Chateaubriand, Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe|Purgatory surpasses heaven and hell in poetry, because it represents a future and the others do not.
Jean de La Fontaine|Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
Julie Cantrell, Into the Free|For years, I have searched and searched for this God. This feeling of complete love and acceptance. He was always out of reach. But here, where food is scare, money is tight, heat is heavy and tensions should run high, God is everywhere. Just as during the night around the gypsy fire, I am mesmerized by watching people who are truly happy. At peace. Kind. Grateful.
Jared Taylor|To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand. This is the sport, the luxury, special to the intellectual man. The gesture characteristic of his tribe consists in looking at the world with eyes wide open in wonder. Everything in the world is strange and marvelous to well-open eyes.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|Every subject's duty is the King's; but every subject's soul is his own. Therefore, should every soldier in the wars do as every sick man in his bed, wash every mote out of his conscience; and dying so, death is to him advantage; or not dying, the time was blessedly lost wherein such preparation was gained; and in him that escapes, it were no sin to think that, making God so free an offer, He let him outlive the day to see His greatness and to teach others how they should prepare.
Dennis Liggio, Jabberwock Jack|Feelings are fleeting, no matter how eart-shattering they seem; they never last, always change.
Franklin Foer, How Soccer Explains the World|When you've committed yourself to violence it takes an almost inhuman effort to stop short. It's one of those things that once you've started need to be finished, rather like coitus, interrupting that's a sin, even the priests say so.
Alexander Hamilton|When we think of readapting mankind to a world of unity and co-operation, we have to consider that practically all the educational machinery on earth, is still in the hands of God-selling or Marx-selling combines. Everywhere in close co-operation with our nationalist governments, the oil and steel interests, our drug salesmanship, and so forth, the hirelines of these huge religious concerns, with more or less zeal and loyalty, are selling destruction to mankind.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.
Barbara Walters|My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path.
Carla H. Krueger, Sex Media|Welcome to Sex Media, Where Fantasy Becomes Reality!
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Economic history shows us a continual increase in the demand for money. The characteristic feature of the development of the demand for money is its intensification; the growth of division of labour and consequently of exchange transactions, which have constantly become more and more indirect and dependent on the use of money, have helped to bring this about, as well as the increase of population and prosperity.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|What are you really living for? It's crucial to realize that you either glorify God, or you glorify something or someone else. You're always making something look big. If you don't glorify God when you're involved in a conflict, you inevitably show that someone or something else rules your heart.
C.G. Jung|The unconscious always tries to produce an impossible situation in order to force the individual to bring out his very best. Otherwise one stops short of one's best, one is not complete, one does not realize oneself. What is needed is an impossible situation where one has to renounce one's own will and one's own wit and do nothing but wait and trust to the impersonal power of growth and development.
Karl Barth, The Humanity of God|God's high freedom in Jesus Christ is His freedom for LOVE. The divine capacity which operates and exhibits itself in that superiority and subordination is manifestly also God's capacity to bend downwards, to attach Himself to another and this other to Himself, to be together with him. This takes place in that irreversible sequence, but in it is completely real. In that sequence there arises and continues in Jesus Christ the highest communion of God with man. God's deity is thus no prison in which He can exist only in and for Himself. It is rather His freedom to be in and for Himself but also with and for us, to assert but also to sacrifice Himself, to be wholly exalted but also completely humble, not only almighty but also almighty mercy, not only Lord but also servant, not only judge but also Himself the judged, not only man's eternal king but also his brother in time. And all that without in the slightest forfeiting His deity! All that, rather, in the highest proof and proclamation of His deity! He who DOES and manifestly CAN do all that, He and no other is the living God.
Nandan Nilekani|Egyptian comedy has a very, very old tradition. Our theater and our movies are just, like, amazing. And Egypt is kind of like the Hollywood of the Middle East. I mean, we had cinema maybe decades before the other Arab countries ever got independence.
David Benatar, The Metaphysics and Ethics of Death: New Essays|Those who take their own lives, especially when the quality of those lives is much less bad than those of the cancer patient or the concentration camp prisoner, fly in the face of the normal will to live. They are seen as abnormal, not merely in the statistical sense of being unusual, but of being defective, either morally or psychologically.
Nancy Gideon, Chased by Moonlight|What are you doing?” she cried in protest.“Playing,” he said, the single word rough, almost guttural.
Eric Hoffer|Nowadays, ads don't just sell a product. They sell an attitude! Look at this one! Here's a cool guy saying nobody tells him what to do. He does whatever he wants and he buys this product as a reflection of that independence. So basically, this maverick is urging everyone to express his individuality through conformity in brand-name selection?
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|People feel alcohol heals heart (diseases) but in theory, it peels the heart.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Perceive conflict as positive, creative, and issue driven. Don't allow personal attacks.
Geoffrey Wood|Every morning and every night, I pause for just a minute and express my gratitude for all that I have in my life and all that I have experienced.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|Her total intellectual association was the Bible, except the talk of Samuel and her children, and to them she did not listen. In that one book she had her history and her poetry, her knowledge of peoples and things, her ethics, her morals, and her salvation. She never studied the Bible or inspected it; she just read it. The many places where it seems to refute itself did not confuse her in the least. And finally she came to a point where she knew it so well that she went right on reading it without listening.
Lesley Pearse, Trust Me|You can't do anything about the past, it's done and can't be mended. But the future is different, if you just think what you really want and reach out and take it.
Stephen Jay Gould|We are the offspring of history, and must establish our own paths in this most diverse and interesting of conceivable universes—one indifferent to our suffering, and therefore offering us maximum freedom to thrive, or to fail, in our own chosen way.
Hisham Matar, Anatomy of a Disappearance|Without love, our earth is a tomb
Oswald Spengler, Man and Technics: A Contribution to a Philosophy of Life|You Life is a progress, and not a station.
Josh Hopkins|My life has been a continuous fulfillment of dreams. It appears that everything I saw and did has a new, and perhaps, more significant meaning, every time I see it. The earth is good. It is a privilege to live thereon.
ANIKOR Daniel|Education is the beautification of the inner world, which in turn help beautifies the outer world we lived in.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Tramps and vagabonds have marks they make on gateposts and trees and doors, letting others of their kind know a little about the people who live at the houses and farms they pass on their travels. I think cats must leave similar signs; how else to explain the cats who turn up at our door through the year, hungry and flea-ridden and abandoned?
J.R.R. Tolkien, Roverandom|Before you know it you'll be my age telling your own granddaughter the story of your life and you wanna make it an interesting one, don't you? You wanna be able to tell her some adventures, some excitements, some something. How you live your life, little one, is a gift for those who come after you, a kind of inheritance.
Lionel Suggs|When God broke his deal with me, I turned to the Devil. In the end, I wasn't happy. I realized that the imagination of a perfect being was more limited than that of the imperfect one. Color me unimpressed by the Actus Purus.
Bob Taft|A liberal education... frees a man from the prison-house of his class, race, time, place, background, family and even his nation.
Lou Ferrigno|God writes a lot of comedy... the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Persuading everyone to behave decently to each other because the society is so fragile is a worthy goal, but it may be more straightforward just to make the societies less fragile, which means developing their economies.
David Mitchell|Remember, life is too short to be spent dancing with idiots.
Chris O'Guinn, Exiled to Iowa. Send Help. And Couture|Yeah, over my scattered panties, I asked him to dinner and told him to bring a friend.” - Laney
Matt      Chandler, Creature of the Word: The Jesus-Centered Church|The recognition and the acceptance of the Other's humanity (or humanness) is a maiming of self. You have to wound the self, cut it in strips, in order to -know- that you are as similar and of the same substance of shadows.
Amit Ray|In every change, in every falling leaf there is some pain, some beauty. And that's the way new leaves grow.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Many millennials...feel “unsafe” if someone they disagree with speaks at an event they don’t have to attend on their campus....they’re trying to figure out what gender they are and which bathroom they should be using. It’s not an improvement....Snowflakes may melt when the going gets tough, but kids who are taught good, conservative values will stand tall even when it’s not easy.
Penn Jillette|Democracy without respect for individual rights sucks. It's just ganging up against the weird kid, and I'm always the weird kid.
Farshad Asl|You need to change, renew, and rejuvenate yourself. Put your best foot forward in all that you do; you will develop an unmatched passion.
Lorri Faye|The simple truth is that life goes on whether we're ready or not.The question we need to ask ourselves is, do we find a way to embrace it, or do wesit back and allow it to pass us by?
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Only fools neglect the living God – the Human Self, while running after imaginary shadows.
Thomas Marshburn|Discount air fares, a car in every parking space and the interstate highway system have made every place accessible - and every place alike.
Desmond D. Green|accept yourself, it will inspire others to do the same for themselves.
I.M. Pei|Contemporary architects tend to impose modernity on something. There is a certain concern for history but it’s not very deep. I understand that time has changed, we have evolved. But I don’t want to forget the beginning. A lasting architecture has to have roots.
Nick Nolte|In 1960, when I came out of prison as an ex-convict, I had more freedom under parolee supervision than there's available... in America right now.
Hugh Jackman|I've been lucky enough to live through all the things that are supposed to give meaning to our lives, like parenting, grandparenting, art, celebrity. All these things you expect meaning to come from, and sometimes it comes when you're not expecting it.
Dan John, Never Let Go: A Philosophy of Lifting, Living and Learning|Mother's hug- The only drug that works every time, costs nothing and has no side effects.
George Whitefield|If your religion doesn't teach you the difference between good and evil, your religion is worse than useless.
Duffy Brown, Iced Chiffon|I started to crawl off; then I remembered my leftover pizza, and I peeled off the salami, pepperoni, and anchovies and placed them on the CD tray (whicn no one used these days with flash drives around)on Boone's computer. I hit the close button and watched the smelly part of my delicious dinner slide away. Boone would have a great time wondering 'where's that smell coming from?
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|As equally as one may use size, the cunning James Crosbie was once classified as the most dangerous man in Scotland, notorious for his daring bank robberies and escaping on a bicycle. He was the criminal mastermind behind many successful crimes carried out throughout the UK.
Rachel  Harris, My Not So Super Sweet Life|Because what is more like love than the ocean? You can play in it, drown in it. It can be clear and bright enough to hurt your eyes, or covered in fog; hidden behind a curve of road, and then suddenly there in full glory. Its waves come like breaths, in and out, in and out, body stretched to forever in its possibilities, and yet its heart lies deep, not fully knowable, inconceivably majestic.
Mark Hyman|I'm not on a special diet, but I do try to stay away from a lot of fried foods and from a lot of carbs. Yes, I eat a little bit of all of it.
Ron Fournier|When I was back to 100 per cent fitness, I was able to show what I was capable of. I like to think I will bring a freshness into the Euros, and now that I am captain, I am going to do my best to take responsibility.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|I don’t know how to talk to you, Mrs. Huntingdon . . . you are only half a woman--your nature must be half human, half angelic. Such goodness overawes me; I don’t know what to make of it.
Douglas Brinkley|When we go to the store, we bring home more than food - we bring home traces of broader environmental problems. But we can use our shopping carts and dinner plates to help solve some of those problems.
Steven Cuoco|I see who I am, and I am beyond who I was.
Gene Simmons|'Naked' kind of kicked me off into the film world. It just so happens that all of the things that I have been offered have been films, and I've enjoyed the travel that goes along with that.
Tracey Clark, Shocking Finds|Nope. Too Much,” Marin said, and tossed the little man out of the hospital window. She needed coffee. Either that or a large dose of Thorazine.
Conan O'Brien|When the peace treaty is signed, the war isn't over for the veterans, or the family. It's just starting.
Nury Vittachi, The Curious Diary of Mr Jam|It's incredibly touching when someone who seems so hopeless finds a few inches of light to stand in and makes everything work as well as possible. All of us lurch and fall, sit in the dirt, are helped to our feet, keep moving, feel like idiots, lose our balance, gain it, help others get back on their feet, and keep going.
Mike Dooley|There are only 3 things that can make your dreams come true: your thoughts, your words, and your actions.
Shannon L. Alder|The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.
Nancy E. Turner|The idea of Christian perfection, which began in the ancient monasteries and spread to the world as an ideal, is one of the most appealing, demanding and ultimately hopeless notions of the spiritual life. By definition, only God is perfect—that is, complete and independent unto [God’s] self. Humans, on the other hand, are radically imperfect, and that, paradoxically, is welcome news, for the recognition of our incompleteness throws us on the mercy of God and enables us, as Saint Paul stressed, to put up with one another’s faults.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas|State and local government, with financial support from the federal government, should offer a program to educate and train foster children for employment and provide them with financial assistance, as needed, until they reach age 21.
Robyn Carr, My Kind of Christmas|However, I have to warn you, I kind of like that you find me irresistible.”“Did I say that?” he asked, a slight tint creeping up his stubbled cheeks. “I didn’t say that! I find you completely resistible.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Thanks for driving me home, Mason. And for dinner. And…everything.”“You’re welcome.” His hand cupped my shoulder, his face in the shadows. “Was this a date?”“No.”His smile was a slash of white in the darkness. “Then you’re not expecting me to kiss you good-night.”“No.” I smiled back.“Too bad.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Some biblical scholars believe that the story of the fall from the Garden of Eden was a cultural memory of the transition from foraging to agriculture: “In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread.” 79 So why did our foraging ancestors leave Eden? For many, it was never an explicit choice: they had multiplied themselves into a Malthusian trap in which the fat of the land could no longer support them, and they had to grow their food themselves. The states emerged only later, and the foragers who lived at their frontiers could either be absorbed into them or hold out in their old way of life. For those who had the choice, Eden may have been just too dangerous. A few cavities, the odd abscess, and a couple of inches in height were a small price to pay for a fivefold better chance of not getting speared
Stanley Kujokera|A progressive life style demands that one; takes full reigns over their life, not leaving anything to chance....
dinitha|Monkeys are superior to men in this: when a monkey looks into a mirror, he sees a monkey.
Neil Gaiman, MirrorMask|The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I had always thought that I was fine with being alone. Halfway through high school, I moved from Brazil to America, and it took me forever to make friends. I had culture shock of virtually every kind, besides which I was awkward, geeky, and shy. So I ate alone, telling myself that it was fine while I watched other people have normal conversations with their friends.
Augusta DeJuan Hathaway|Don't be so busy making a living that you forget to enjoy your Life. Today, make a commitment to Enjoy Life.-RVM
Nora Roberts, Key of Knowledge|In photographs taken from the sky, cities resembled circuit boards. It was no surprise, really, that there were sparky misfirings, dangerous connections. Even traffic, Alice concluded, set up a kind of static in the air, let loose vibrations and uncontainable agitation. Freighted with more than they could absorb, with city intentions, citizens moved in designs of inexplicable purpose.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|I’ve wanted you from the moment we met, and if you think sitting next to me in your bra doesn’t overwhelm me with desire, you’re very wrong. I just don’t force myself where I’m not invited. (Bones)
Stephen King, The Green Mile|About halfway through I broke down crying, which I hadn't expected. I was a little ashamed, but only a little;it was her, you see, and she never taxed me with the times that I slipped from the way I thought a man should be...the way I thought I should be, at any rate. A man with a good wife is the luckiest of God's creatures, and one without must be among the most miserable, I think, the only true blessing of their lives that they don't know how poorly off they are.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Sometimes we exist long enough to lead the next generation; other times, only to plant a seed and let its resonations of our time here on Earth ripple into new waves.
Chuck Black, Kingdom's Call|Let go of your past, and look to Mine, where I died for you. Yield to Me, and I will make you a true Knight of the Prince.
Eleonora Duse|Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
Roshan Sharma|See it for what it is and own it, rather than rethink it so you don't have to deal with the trauma of the abuse. This is the only way to move on--through acceptance.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see further.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|You cannot give out a negative frequency, that of disrespect, and expect respect to flow toward you. Neither can you hold on to your biases, prejudices and negative thinking toward something, and expect that something positive will return to you.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|His brow is seamed with line and scar;His cheek is red and dark as wine;The fires as of a Northern starBeneath his cap of sable shine.His right hand, bared of leathern glove,Hangs open like an iron gin,You stoop to see his pulses move,To hear the blood sweep out and in.He looks some king, so solitaryIn earnest thought he seems to stand,As if across a lonely seaHe gazed impatient of the land.Out of the noisy centuriesThe foolish and the fearful fade;Yet burn unquenched these warrior eyes,Time hath not dimmed, nor death dismayed.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|Why had he assumed time was some sort of infinite resource? Now the hourglass had busted open, and what he’d always assumed was just a bunch of sand turned out to be a million tiny diamonds.
Philippe Petit, Man on Wire|It's impossible, that's for sure. So let's start working.
|As hard as it is to face your fears, it's even harder to surrender to them and walk in their shadows for the rest of your life.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Words can make or break, use your words carefully
Ashley Tisdale|I don't drink, and I don't smoke. It's a personal preference. My mom has never drunk or smoked. I look up to my mom.
Jaycee Dugard, A Stolen Life|Each of us is a book waiting to be written, and that book, if written, results in a person explained.
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Keeper|Corus lay on the southern bank of the Oloron River, towers glinting in the sun. The homes of wealthy men lined the river to the north; tanners, smiths, wainwrights, carpenters, and the poor clustered on the bank to the south. The city was a richly colored tapestry: the Great Gate on Kings-bridge, the maze of the Lower City, the marketplace, the tall houses in the Merchants' and the Gentry's quarters, the gardens of the Temple district, the palace. This last was the city's crown and southern border. Beyond it, the royal forest stretched for leagues. It was not as lovely as Berat nor as colorful as Udayapur, but it was Alanna's place.
Martin Luther King Jr.|One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake through great periods of social change. Every society has its protectors of status quo and its fraternities of the indifferent who are notorious for sleeping through revolutions. Today, our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Know thyself? If I knew myself, I'd run away.
Rae Hachton, The Summer of Me & You|She consumes me with her eyes, her fiery touch, and the ways in which she loves me.
Stephen Richards, Develop Jedi Self-Confidence: Unleash the Force within You|Your core, lying deep within you, is what makes you what you are. Some call it the soul, the Higher Self, the true self, the being and so on. The name is unimportant once you realize that you are more than your looks and outward appearance.
Neal Stephenson, Reamde|All the time and effort put into networking can be all for naught if there is no follow-through. The same goes for sales. And leadership. And … well, everything.
Dale Cooper from "Twin Peaks"|It was only when I rounded a bend and glimpsed the white peaks ahead that I doubled my abilities, only when I thought how far i had yet to go that i lost faith that I would get there
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Following dark winter's strife, a warm air rises, teemed with life. Birth, rebirth, as the waiting die. Old love, new love sprouts wings to fly.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|It is like reading two books, one with each eye, and understanding them both.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I could introduce myself properly, but it's not really necessary. You will know me well enough and soon enough, depending on a diverse range of variables. It suffices to say that at some point in time, I will be standing over you, as genially as possible. Your soul will be in my arms. A color will be perched on my shoulder. I will carry you gently away.
Pope Benedict XVI|Those who love God with their minds, even if it gives them a headache, are those whose hearts stay on fire.
William Hull|Unfair discrimination exists whether we like it or not; I wouldn't have married a gum-chewing vegetarian. Ultimately, we'll help the people we discriminate against if we try to understand more about them; genetics will lead to a world where there is a sympathy for the underdog.
Laura Castoro|Society tried to teach me that children are by nature selfish, out-of-control, and demanding, that their goal is power and that they are always trying to see how much they can get away with, that you can't let children manipulate you or become too dependant, and that disobedience equals disrespect. As a mother, I have come to believe strongly that my child's primary goals are having his needs met, feeling connected to others, and feeling self-worth. His misbehavior is an attempt to get a need met or to feel significance and connection, done in an appropriate way.... my job as a parent is to help my child identify and meet those needs in appropriate ways." - Lisa S.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Positive thoughts are a source of joy, love and an indication of our alignment with the source. Negative thoughts create disharmony in our body for example depression, fear and aggression indicate misalignment with the source.
Warren Farrell|On November 28, 2016, Abdul Razak Ali Artan, an 18-year-old legal resident of the United States whose family was originally from Somalia, used a car to mow down a group of people at the Ohio State University.
Rebekkah Ford, Dark Spirits|Kora may have been a witch, and your father may have had prophetic dreams. But you Paige, is not a witch. You are something much more, but the question is what?
Stephen Schwartz, Wicked [With CD (Audio)]|I'm through accepting limits''cause someone says they're soSome things I cannot changeBut till I try, I'll never know!Too long I've been afraid ofLosing love I guess I've lostWell, if that's loveIt comes at much too high a cost!
Milan Kundera|It is absolutely necessary, for the peace and safety of mankind, that some of earth's dark, dead corners and unplumbed depths be let alone; lest sleeping abnormalities wake to resurgent life, and blasphemously surviving nightmares squirm and splash out of their black lairs to newer and wider conquests.
Pico Iyer|I had an incredibly full life with my imagination: I used to have all sorts of trolls and things; I had a wonderful world around my toys and invented people. I don't mean I had imaginary friends; I just had this big imagination thing going on. I didn't need any imaginary friends, because I had so much other stuff going on.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|It is when our inner male and female sides meets within ourselves that a new spark of love, joy, and wholeness arises within ourselves.
Grigoris Deoudis|Only internal bliss is perpetual, nothing else is created to last. That's why God lives within us and all storms pass
Marshall Karp, The Rabbit Factory|You know your vote doesn't count, but you go through the motions, because it's been drummed into your head that you might be the one person who makes a difference.
Nina Riggs, The Bright Hour: A Memoir of Living and Dying|In contrast to the positive associations for total and dietary calcium, there was no association with intake of nondairy calcium. This result might have suggested that other components of dairy products than calcium contribute to [prostrate cancer] risk.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Like stars are to the sky, so are the children to our world. They deserve to shine!
Jason E. Hodges|Someone asked me, 'How do you write a book?' I said, 'I live with a pen in one hand.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|In the midst of friends, home, and kind parents, she was alone.
Paul  Hoffman|All will be redeemed in God's fullness of time, all, not just the small portion of the population who have been given the grace to know and accept Christ. All the strayed and stolen sheep. All the little lost ones.
Debasish Mridha|To be rich, don’t try to earn money. To grow abundance, never forget to cultivate your mind.
Henrik Ibsen, The Wild Duck|Dear Mr. Chance and Ms. Brattle. Sorry about the mess. Great bed. Loved it. As a matter of fact, loved the whole house. Actually, I tried to kill your kids when I found them here. Yeah, funny story. Maybe not funny, hah hah.’”Astrid heard nervous laughter from the media people, or maybe just from the hotel staff who were hovering around the edges grabbing a glimpse of the Hollywood royalty.“‘Anyway, I missed and they got away. I don’t know what will happen to Sanjit and that stick-up-his butt Choo and the rest, but whatever happens next, it’s not on me. However . . .’”Astrid took a dramatic pause.“‘However, the rest of what happened was on me. Me, Caine Soren. You’ll probably be hearing a lot of crazy stories from kids. But what they didn’t know was that it was all me. Me. Me me. See, I had a power I never told anyone about. I had the power to make people do bad things. Crimes and whatnot. Especially Diana, who never did anything wrong on her own, by her own will, I mean. She—and the rest of them—were under my control. The responsibility is on me. I confess. Haul me away, officers.’”Astrid suddenly felt her throat tightening, although she’d read the letter many times already, and knew what it said. Rotten son of a . . . And then this.Redemption. Not a bad concept.Well, partial redemption.“It’s signed Caine Soren. And below that, ‘King of the FAYZ.’”It was a full confession. A lie: a blatant, not-very-convincing lie. But it would be just enough to make prosecutions very difficult. Caine’s role in the FAYZ, and the reality that strange powers had actually existed in that space, were widely known and accepted.Of course Caine had enjoyed writing it. It was his penultimate act of control. He was manipulating from beyond the grave.
Dan Alatorre|I write in complete silence using only two fingers so I can’t type faster than I edit at the same time, saving me from having to go back. Although it does create a lot of capitalization issues. And punctuation problems. I didn’t say it was a good routine.
Atul Gawande|Medical professionals, not insurance company bureaucrats, should be making health care decisions.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|Gangsters live for the action. The closer to death, the nearer to the heated coil of the moment, the more alive they feel. Most would rather succumb to a barrage of bullets from a roomful of sworn enemies than to the debilitation of old age, dying the death of the feeble. A gangster becomes as addicted to the thrill of the battle and the potential to die in the midst of it as he does to he more attractive lures in his path. In his world, the potential for death exists every day. The better gangsters don't shy away from such a dreaded possibility but rather find comfort in its proximity.
Robin York, Deeper|This year I've been figuring out who I am. I've been learning what I want, and it's the same as what I've always wanted, only I'm different. Leaders live and grow and learn. They run into dragons, get burned by them, temper their swords in the fire, and take them on. That's what I want to do. That's who I want to be. Not the girl cowering in her father's office. I want to be fierce.
Jeremy McCarter, Hamilton: The Revolution|On opening night, standing under the Rogers's marquee, [Lin] realized that if Eliza's struggle was the element of Hamilton's story that had inspired him the most, then the show itself was a part of her legacy.
Sunday Adelaja|Our head is designed to develop our intelligence, to devote ourselves to self- education, self -improvement and to broaden our perspective regarding the world around us
Seanan McGuire, Snakes and Ladders|See the flower, how generously it distributes perfume and honey. When it's work is done, it falls away quietly. Try to be like the flower, unassuming despite all it's qualities.
Clive Thompson|But cheating has always been the purview of fairies, and as we are about to enter their domain, we ought to act in accordance with local customs.
A.A. Milne|Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Objectivity, in this sense, means that a person's statements about the world can be trusted if they are submitted to established rules deemed legitimate by a professional community. Facts here are not aspects of the world, but consensually validated statements about it.
Amy Carmichael|He hath never failed thee yet.Never will His love forget.O fret not thyself nor letThy heart be troubled,Neither let it be afraid.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The Holy Spirit doesn't need to equip you for what you're not going to do, so if you're in rebellion against Jesus and refusing His right to be Lord, He doesn't need to send the Holy Spirit to equip you for service. And, tragically, you miss out on the joy that He brings. So let the Holy Spirit deal with anything that's keeping you from obeying Christ.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|The disciplined soul hardly needs "Yoga" to control the body it temporarily resides in.
David Levithan, Every Day|I am a drifter, and as lonely as that can be, it is also remarkably freeing. I will never define myself in terms of anyone else. I will never feel the pressure of peers or the burden of parental expectation. I can view everyone as pieces of a whole, and focus on the whole, not the pieces. I have learned to observe, far better than most people observe. I am not blinded by the past or motivated by the future. I focus on the present because that is where I am destined to live.
Shannon L. Alder|Don't give any chance for others to stole your smile..Because,it is the most valuable asset than anything in this world!
Meg Rosoff, Jonathan Unleashed|He didn't remember ever being less weird than he was right now. In fact, as far as he could tell he had always been more or less exactly as weird as this. if not more so.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If you, as a parent, raise your children well, they won't need you anymore. If you did it properly, they go away.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Hitched Perrin|It's far too easy to forget, miss or not appreciate the tiny things a partner does for you every single day. But should you wait until it's over or they've gone to whisper (I love you) just one more time?
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|Think about how much better this world would be if people would just smile at each other more often...You don't have to talk; you don't have to agree on anything; all you have to do is smile! Smiling breaks barriers; it eases tension, and it's the first step to making a new friend.
Cupcake Brown, A Piece of Cake|Always remember the acronym for "FEAR" can mean one of two things: Fuck Everything And Run or Face Everything And Recover.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Be stimulated to become significant. This might be your back-slap moment. New-born babies born with weak signs of life are given a slap on the back to “stimulate” them. It is a knock to wake them up to the reality that they must now take charge. In this world, they have to do their own breathing and their own eating otherwise they will not survive. It’s the same in your adulthood and your quest for success, you must take charge because no one will wake up every day to do things for you and make a success out of a life of excuses and laziness.
Anne Frank|Who has inflicted this upon us? Who has made us Jews different from all other people? Who has allowed us to suffer so terribly up till now? It is God that has made us as we are, but it will be God, too, who will raise us up again. If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example. Who knows, it might even be our religion from which the world and all peoples learn good, and for that reason and that reason alone do we have to suffer now. We can never become just Netherlanders, or just English, or representatives of any country for that matter; we will always remain Jews, but we want to, too.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, 21 Steps to Better Relationships: Find More Balance with Others|Neither the life of anarchy nor the life enslaved by tyrants, no, worship neither. Strike the balance all in all and god will give you power.
James R. Tuck, Blood and Silver|Women already come equipped with a core of steel fiber strength, depths of resolve a man cannot comprehend. It’s not the dynamic strength men have, all power and show. It’s a strength of endurance, fortitude. It is the strength that allows women to conceive life and to carry that life until the day it can stand on its own.
Anonymous|Couldn’t we camp down by the lakes?” Nynaeve asked, patting her face with her kerchief. “It must be cooler down by the water.”“Light,” Mat said, “I’d just like to stick my head in one of them. I might never take it out.”Just then something roiled the waters of the nearest lake, the dark water phosphorescing as a huge body rolled beneath the surface. Length on man-thick length sent ripples spreading, rolling on and on until at last a tail rose, waving a point like a wasp’s stinger for an instant in the twilight, at least five spans into the air. All along that length fat tentacles writhed like monstrous worms, as many as a centipede’s legs. It slid slowly beneath the surface and was gone, only the fading ripples to say it had ever been.Rand closed his mouth and exchanged a look with Perrin. Perrin’s yellow eyes were as disbelieving as he knew his own must be. Nothing that big could live in a lake that size. Those couldn’t have been hands on those tentacles. They couldn’t have been.“On second thought,” Mat said faintly, “I like it right here just fine.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|[This philosophy] does not … regard the pen as the only fit organ for the revelation of truth, but the eye and ear, the hand and foot
Kim Fielding, Equipoise|If she understood the difference between referring to me as "the gay guy" and using my name, the knowledge was lost between her vapid gaze and her single AAA-battery brain.
Charli XCX|We must welcome the future, remembering that soon it will be the past; and we must respect the past, remembering that it was once all that was humanly possible.
Isaiah Berlin, The Roots of Romanticism|Romanticism embodied "a new and restless spirit, seeking violently to burst through old and cramping forms, a nervous preoccupation with perpetually changing inner states of consciousness, a longing for the unbounded and the indefinable, for perpetual movement and change, an effort to return to the forgotten sources of life, a passionate effort at self-assertion both individual and collective, a search after means of expressing an unappeasable yearning for unattainable goals.
Robert Sternberg|I believe that the testing of the student's achievements in order to see if he meets some criterion held by the teacher, is directly contrary to the implications of therapy for significant learning.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Boys, tell your mother to shut her lying whore mouth before I shove the nearest apple down her throat.
Kathy Acker, Pussy, King of the Pirates|Death is another bar which lies several steps below the normal world. I'm at its threshold, but not yet in it. Its doorway is doorless.
Sean Condon, Lonely Planet Journeys: Drive Thru America|New York is unruly, tangled. The city woos first, then mangles, then pastes back together in a fresh, dazzling mosaic.
Kevin McCloud|I had more clothes than I had closets, more cars than garage space, but no money.
Paige Davis|I always clean before the cleaning lady comes. If not, when I come home, I can't find anything. Cleaning ladies are always hiding things you leave out.
Mark      Miller, Chess, Not Checkers: Elevate Your Leadership Game|Motivating people is more than having the right incentives, the right programs and the right benefit packages. It's about tapping into the unique passions, personalities and strengths of those entrusted to our care.
jainder|Life is one, enjoy with fun
Emmiem|You know you’ve come a long way when the thought of quitting scares you. You’ve made some… well, call them 'remarkable achievements', and you’ve managed to draw some attention to yourself.But SUCCESS is really not how far you’ve gone. It’s not even how well. It is how much farther you are ready to go and how much more sacrifices you are willing to make. Not until you get to the point where you are willing to give up your life for a purpose… not until you get to that point will you be celebrated.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Sages shine so they can see the world, not so the world can see them.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Become a man or woman of prayer...Let your heart and mind be kept close to the principal calling of your life, which is to hunger and thirst after God and His righteousness...Let the thoughts and intents of your heart be shaped and guided by time spent in His presence.
Jennifer Crusie, Getting Rid of Bradley|Clearly, his winks were some sort of superpower, because I swear that if he asked me to jump from the roof of a tall building and then winked, I’d jump.
Rachel Hanna, The One for Me: Kyle & Jenna|On the flat expanse of pancake ice, War stood by the Pale Rider’s side. Though their forms did not touch, their shadows intertwined, black on black, in a smoky caress.“Knew you’d come,” Death said cheerfully.She smiled, and that slow motion of her lips hinted at many things. “The White Rider divided, and the world on the brink of destruction. How could I stay away?”“I could set my watch by you.”“You don’t have a watch.” Her smile broadened into a grin. “An hourglass, maybe . . .”“Please, not another joke about a scythe . . .”She mimed zipping her mouth shut.A pause, as they listened to the sounds of the boy healing and the man summoning doom.“I like him,” War said.Even though she hadn’t specified whether she meant the boy or the man, Death smiled and nodded. “Me too.”“You like everyone.”“Well, yes.”The two shared a quiet laugh, their voices mingling in perfect harmony.A longer pause, and then War asked, “What of Famine?”“What of her? She’s not mine. Not yet, anyway. She will be soon enough.”The Red Rider slid him a look. “That’s cold, even for you.”“Eh, just practical.” A shrug. “Everyone comes to me eventually. It’s the journey that makes it interesting.”“Such a people person!”He flashed her a grin. “My best quality.”“Oh,” said War, sliding her gloved hand into his pale one, “I can think of others that are better.
Julieanne O'Conner|When you get clear on your own boundaries, you will find it easy to decide what you are willing to accept in your career.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|The impasse was this: If I let myself speculate even tentatively about that something, if I acknowledged the possibility of a nonhuman agent or agents, some mysterious Other, intervening in my life, could I still call myself an atheist?
J.K. Rowling|Hasn't your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Harry? The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed...
Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight|I don't need handcuffs to enslave a woman." -Ranger to Stephanie
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|They massacred the servants before killing my parents. I saw it all through a knothole in the wood. As I said, my eyes were better back then.
Louis Bayard, Roosevelt's Beast|Intelligence is a necessity, but when one is without a supernatural sense, intelligence becomes senseless.
H. Rap Brown|For more than 20 years, Camfed has supported a generation of African girls and women with access to secondary and higher education, employment opportunities, and, ultimately, into positions of leadership.
Samar Sudha|-Wherever you go, there you are! You can’t run away from yourself, or the underlying situation, no matter where you go. You won’t find happiness anywhere, unless it’s already there in your heart, and therefore you have carried it with you.
Debasish Mridha|As a physician, I try to heal the mind before healing the body. That’s why most of my patients get better even before they start any medication.
M. J. Carter|What you achieve, endures throughout time
Umar ibn Al-Khattab|No amount of worrying can change the future. Go easy on yourself, for the outcome of all affairs is determined by God's decree. If something is meant to go elsewhere, it will never come your way, but if it is yours by destiny, from you it cannot flee.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|Help me to get my eyes off my suffering and onto you, God.
Jessica Haight and Stephanie Robinson|It will take some time to adjust, but I promise you, this will be a real adventure for all of us.
Ivan Turgenev|Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.
Lauren Myracle, Kissing Kate|We’re born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for a moment that we’re not alone.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The answer to what we're looking for, fixing the world with love, has to be traced back to something, and we can only trace it back to the God who is love. If we dive into the rest of Genesis and say, "What is this 'day' nonsense? As modern people, we can't believe that," then we have already missed the point. God has revealed to us through Moses the foundations of our desire for love and we want to talk about matter? When we lie in bed at night, do we miss matter or do we miss love? We miss love.
Cate Blanchett|Old age has its pleasures, which, though different, are not less than the pleasures of youth.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Return to Stantasyland|Just to let you know I don't post my books and things on the net in hopes of being rich. The reason is. "I am a person with Bipolar Disorder" and they're are a lot of great minds on the "Famous Bipolar" list that died penniless. If I do the same it's no big deal but having a form of mental Illness I would love to get my name on the Bipolar list also one day. Preferably while I'm still living so I can make sure they spelled it right
Kim Cormack|He understood now why she was so much calmer, so much happier when he held her hand while they walked. When he first did that, she had looked at their linked fingers quizzically, but didn't pull away, even though she had been as skittish as a stray cat. limit.
Charles Babbage|For my own part, I would rather excel in knowledge of the highest secrets of philosophy than in arms.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones: The Edge Of Reason|Very few people do this any more. It's too risky. First of all, it's a hell of a responsibility to be yourself. It's much easier to be somebody else or nobody at all.
Hyman G. Rickover|I'm not interested in anybody's guilt. Guilt is a luxury that we can no longer afford. I know you didn't do it, and I didn't do it either, but I am responsible for it because I am a man and a citizen of this country and you are responsible for it, too, for the very same reason... Anyone who is trying to be conscious must begin to dismiss the vocabulary which we've used so long to cover it up, to lie about the way things are.
Douglas Coupland|I once went on the most grueling radio tour. Living in hotel rooms, sleeping in the backs of rental cars as my mom drove to three different cities in one day.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Does anybody know which are the thoughts of God, even if they are plants, mountains, sky, stars or whatever else?
Ryan McCartan|With respect to sticking accelerator pedals, we failed to connect the dots between problems in Europe and problems in the United States because the European situation related primarily to right-hand-drive vehicles. Toyota will increase its outreach to government agencies charged with protecting the safety of motorists and passengers.
Thanhha Lai|I tell you of loss, my child, so you will listen, slowly, and know that in life every emotion is fated to rear itself within your being. Don't judge it proper or ugly. It's simply there and yours. When you should happen to cry, then cry, knowing that just as easily you will laugh again and cry again. Your feelings will enter the currents of your core and there they shall remain
Paula Pell|The last Christmas movie I really liked was 'It's a Wonderful Life,' probably. It's sort of a schmaltzy movie, but it's not without its dark moments. It still gets to me every year.
Tracey Bond, Spirit Fed Entrepreneur: Grow Your Business with a Fearless Mindset|Harmony is everything, your central nervous system can bear witness to that in every area of your life...if you let your soul step to the open MIC!
Alex Pattakos, Prisoners of Our Thoughts: Viktor Frankl's Principles for Discovering Meaning in Life and Work|The search for meaning in our lives takes us on paths large and small. When we go beyond ourselves-whether in forgiveness, unselfishness, thoughtfulness, generosity and understanding toward others-we enter into the spiritual realm of meaning. By giving beyond ourselves, we make our own lives richer. This is a truth long understood at the heart of all meaningful spiritual traditions. It's a mystery that can only be experienced. And when we do experience it, we are in the heart of meaning. We are no longer a prisoner of our thoughts.
Peter James West|If I could split myself into five people, I would still be behind on my writing schedule. I see now why James Patterson cloned himself so many times.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|He’d managed to take hold of her being, her poise and twisted it that it’d mutilated so bad. Even she had forgotten how it had felt to be sane.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|Since when do wizards wear robes?" I whispered. "That's falling into every human stereotype ever created." Jeezum. Next thing you knew, they'd be waving around magic wands."The First Elder thought they'd look more intimidating in robes than in business suits," Alex whispered back. "They look like they're on their way to a costume party at Hogwarts.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|I wonder, he wondered, if any human has ever felt this way before about an android.
Adam Ross, Mr. Peanut|It is possible, he thought, to be completely happy in marriage--though you must be willing to hold on when your ship was lost at sea and there was no guarantee of rescue.
Douglas Wood, The Secret of Saying Thanks|Some of our struggles involve making decisions, while others are a result of the decisions we have made. Some of our struggles result from choices others make that affect our lives. We cannot always control everything that happens to us in this life, but we can control how we respond. Many struggles come as problems and pressures that sometimes cause pain. Others come as temptations, trials, and tribulations.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|Whether you’re at the peak or the valley of any given wave, remember that this too shall pass.
Harrish Sairaman|People say keep your emotions outside, how the hell is that possible!!!!
Eric Idle|Home is where you are appreciated, safe and protected, creative, and where you are loved - not where you are put in prison.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|The sun sees your body, the moon sees your soul.
Richard M. DeVos|A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
William Marshall, The Far Away Man|It was as though the man-eater - for no other leopard would have killed the goat and laid it on the track- had said, 'Here, if you want your goat so badly, take it; and as it is now dark and you have a long way to go, we will see which of you lives to reach the village.
Rod Serling|In eleven or twelve years of writing, Mike, I can lay claim to at least this: I have never written beneath myself. I have never written anything that I didn't want my name attached to. I have probed deeper in some scripts and I've been more successful in some than others. But all of them that have been on, you know, I'll take my lick. They're mine and that's the way I wanted them.
Amanda Quick, Ravished|When you are rich and powerful, no one will challenge you to your face or give you a chance to explain yourself. All the whispers are behind your back. You are left with no means of clearing your own name. And after a while you realize there is no point in even attempting to do so. No one wants the truth. All anyone wants is the chance to add more fuel to the fires of gossip. The whispers become so loud that sometimes you think you will drown in them.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Smile at people everywhere you go. Don’t just give them one of those half-smirk/head nod things. Raise your eyebrows, show those teeth, and chuckle while you smile. Next time you’re at the store, give a full-hearted smile to at least three complete strangers. You’ll be amazed at what this does for them and for you.
Robert H. Lieberman, The Last Boy|. . . the authors had developed indices that could be employed to measure the state of a civilization, to determine if society was healthy, in decline, or perhaps even dead. The indicators keyed in on everything from the accumulation of refuse to declines in everyday civility. They looked at how a society treated its most vulnerable citizens; examined a culture's architecture, gauging its scale in relation to humans and the surrounding natural world. One of the primary indicators, however, was a measure of the ability of a society's citizens to listen to each other and truly hear what was being said. It evaluated by gradations the ability of individuals to stand motionless for prolonged periods, receptive to their surroundings.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|We wander in our thousands over theface of the earth, the illustrious and the obscure, earning beyond theseas our fame, our money, or only a crust of bread; but it seems to methat for each of us going home must be like going to render an account.We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends--those whom weobey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the mostfree, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties,--even those for whomhome holds no dear face, no familiar voice,--even they have to meet thespirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in itsvalleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its trees--amute friend, judge, and inspirer.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|A month ago, Gavin had given his employer four weeks' notice. "I'll get a job around here," he'd told her. "Something low-stress, part-time, maybe. We're not paying rent, and Dad's left us plenty. You should quit, too." A year earlier this news would have filled her with delicious, full fat, chocolate-coated joy. But now, after a grueling routine of shitty work, shitty- weird home life in a house where the shadow of a dead boy walked more solidly than the grownups, shitty headaches, shitty worry about a husband who couldn't keep his dick out of other women, the golden offer just weirded Laine out. She didn't trust it.
Anthony Liccione|When we want something, we have to have a clear purpose in mind for the thing that we want. The only reason for seeking a reward is to know what to do with that reward
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Love and lust are both four letter words that start with L, but they don’t appear in the dictionary side by side so we shouldn’t have to think they go hand in hand in life.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Desire creates a starting point. Without it, no magic can be put into action.
Norman Davies, Europe|The title ‘Lord of All-Rus'’ did not possess much basis either in history or in current reality. It came into the same category as that whereby the kings of England laid claim to France. In the 1490s, two-and-a-half centuries after all traces of a united Kievan Rus' had been destroyed, it had the same degree of credibility that the king of France might have enjoyed if, in his struggle with the German Empire, he had proclaimed himself ‘Lord of all the Franks’. By that time, it conflicted with the separate identity that the ‘Ruthenes’ of Lithuania had assumed from the ‘Russians’ of Moscow. Indeed, it all seemed sufficiently unreal for the Lithuanians to accept it as a small price to pay for Ivan’s good humour. They were not to know it, but they were conceding the ideological cornerstone of territorial ambitions that would be pursued for 500 years.
Rim Ibrahim|Areila walked like she had somewhere to go. I stood by the fountain and watched her pass, but I didn't speak. It was the lady's prerogative to pretend she didn't see me. She got to the edge of the park; I swear, her foot hovered right over the line, when she turned with military precision and marched back. She stopped in front of me and said, "Hello.
Santosh Kalwar|Ultimately, we will lose each otherto something. I would hope for grandcircumstance—death or disaster.But it might not be that way at all.It might be that you walk outone morning after making loveto buy cigarettes, and never return,or I fall in love with another …It might be a slow drift into indifference.Either way, we’ll have to learnto bear the weight of the eventualitythat we will lose each other to something.So why not begin now, while your headrests like a perfect moon in my lap …?Why not reach for the seam in this …night and tear it, just a little, so the fallingcan begin? Because later, when we crosseach other on the streets, and are forcedto look away, when we’ve thrownthe disregarded pieces of our togethernessinto bedroom drawers and the smellof our bodies is disappearing like the sweetdecay of lilies—what will we call it,when it’s no longer love?
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Where are you going?""To get my Bible.""Right now? You can't get your Bible out right now! I'm, I'm, we're just about to..."She'd never be able to go through with this if he got out his Bible. She wiped all humor from her face."I believe you. Proverbs 5:18. Rejoice, relish, and romp with your husband."He chuckled. "I'm serious, Connie, and I won't have you feeling ashamed or unclean over anything we do in that bed, tonight or any other night.""I won't. I feel unashamed and very clean. I promise. But please don't get out that Bible.""What? Think you that God can't see us right now?"Groaning, she slid off his lap and covered her face with her hands. He sunk to his knees in front of her, drawing her hands down."I love you. You love me. We are man and wife. God is watching, Connie, and He is very, very pleased.
Susan Freinkel|You've got nothing that lasts, you know. That's not the first town that ever stood there. There was one before that, and one before that, and one before that one, on back for 900 years. But this tree has stood here all along. What do you make of that, boy?
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|And perhaps that in itself was the great secret---not just for legacy, but also for life. You could carry a story inside you and hold it up to the light when you needed it the most. You could peer through it, like a frame, and see how it changed your view when you looked out onto the world.
Keith Barry|I'm pretty much a dinosaur in the studio. I like things hand-drawn, even today. The story artists use Cintiqs, but I'm the only person who hasn't completely converted to computers. I like the Cintiq, but there's something about the raw emotional power of using paper and pencil.
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|In short, we derive support for our preferred conclusions by listening to the words that we put in the mouths of people who have already been preselected for their willingness to say what we want to hear.
Luisa Valenzuela, Dark Desires and the Others|Because fear called her by her name. (Her own name, not fear’s name. Fear doesn’t have a name; it’s just the steady beat underneath a smile.)
Dag Hammarskjöld|Today I will work when others procrastinate, I will confront my fears when others hide from theirs, and I will create solutions when others find excuses; today I refuse to allow my enemies to out work me.
Bodie Thoene, Of Men and of Angels|All dreams. If there was love or pity for him, it was only in his dreams.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|I cannot do anything fake; that is why even when I sleep with a prostitute, she falls in love with me.
Margaret D. Nadauld|If you're lucky like me, your relationship with your brother has resolved itself on the peaceful side of the fence and has stayed there. But if you're someone who's got a family that's all fractured and finding it hard to relate, that's a very sad place to be.
Shannon L. Alder|Theory and knowledge remain suspect, not because of inherent worthlessness, but because of their historic isolation from action. Without theoretical orientation, however, action is vulnerable to oversimplified and glib imitativeness-even mimicry-and to the use of the gimmick.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|How often is my tidy and well-appointed world nothing but the thin veneer of an imagination that I’ve chosen to use in the service of denial, rather than a gift I’ve chosen to exercise out of a passion for change?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are willing to kill for your beliefs, you are a murderer; if you are willing to die for your beliefs, you are a martyr.
Rufi Thorpe, The Girls from Corona del Mar|God, don't laugh!" Jamie said, alarmed. "I didna mean to make ye laugh! Christ, Jenny will kill me if ye cough up a lung and die out here!
Caroline Mitchell, Paranormal Intruder|The Presence and the manifestation of the Presence are not the same. There can be the one without the other. God is here when we are wholly unaware of it. He is manifest only when and as we are aware of His Presence. On our part there must be surrender to the Spirit of God, for His work it is to show us the Father and the Son. If we co-operate with Him in loving obedience God will manifest Himself to us, and that manifestation will be the difference between a nominal Christian life and a life radiant with the light of His face.
Charlie Brooker|Many people find bald, unvarnished truths so disturbing, they prefer to ram their heads in the sand and start dreaming at the first sign of scientific reality.
Herbert Spencer, An Autobiography, Part 1|Today the artist has inherited the combined functions of hermit, pilgrim, prophet, priest, shaman, sorcerer, soothsayer, alchemist.
Jordan Hoechlin|The worst mistake is to live life day by day, life was meant to be lived like there will be no tomorrow.
Milton Rokeach, The Three Christs of Ypsilanti: A Psychological Study|By what criteria can one decide which of a person's countless beliefs are primitive? The essential factor is that they are taken for granted: a person's primitive beliefs represent the basic truths he holds about physical reality, social reality, and himself and his own nature. Like all beliefs, conscious or unconscious, they have a personal aspect: they are rooted in the individual's experience and in the evidence of his senses. Like all beliefs, they also have a social aspect: with regard to every belief a person forms, he also forms some notion of how many other people have the experience and the knowledge necessary to share it with him, and of how close the agreement is among this group. Unlike other beliefs, however, primitive beliefs are normally not open to discussion or controversy. Either they do not come up in conversation because everyone shares them and everyone takes them for granted, or, if they do come up, they are virtually unassailable by outside forces. The criterion of social support is totally rejected; it is as if the individual said: "Nobody else could possibly know or have experienced what I have." Or, to quote a popular refrain: "Nobody knows the trouble I've seen." A person's primitive beliefs thus lie at the very core of his total system of beliefs, and they represent the subsystem in which he has the heaviest emotional commitment.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She grew up in the ordinary paradise of the English countryside. When she was five she walked to school, two miles, across meadows covered with cowslips, buttercups, daisies, vetch, rimmed by hedges full of blossom and then berries, blackthorn, hawthorn, dog-roses, the odd ash tree with its sooty buds.
Jason Isbell|Mom was so funny and loving to us kids. She was our first audience. When my dad died, I was suddenly alone in the house with her because my two older brothers were away at college. I was the man of the house, and she was the grieving woman.
David Levithan, Every Day|We come to a corner where there are a few people protesting the festivities. I don't understand this at all. It's like protesting the fact that some people are red-haired. In my experience, desire is desire, love is love.
Osho, The Book of Secrets|I am not my mind, because I can observe my thoughts. So the observer is different from the observed – I am not my mind.” he found that there is no atman, no soul, because this atma is nothing but your mental information – just doctrines, words, philosophies.
Amit Kalantri|Power is not pleasure, power is pain.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Personally, I say, "Out of the frying pan and into the deadly pit filled with sharks who are wielding chainsaws with killer kittens stapled to them." However, that one's having a rough time catching on.
Janny Wurts, Initiate's Trial|You cannot trust yourself,’ she agreed, bed-rock calm. ‘Therefore, let go. Seize life and place trust in me.
|Some people only get on their knees to pray to God when they are going through some dire obstacles or in need of something. But when things start to go well in their lives, they forget to get on their knees to say thanks to God.
James A. Michener|Being goal-oriented instead of self-oriented is crucial. I know so many people who want to be writers. But let me tell you, they really don't want to be writers. They want to have been writers. They wish they had a book in print. They don't want to go through the work of getting the damn book out. There is a huge difference.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If we find ourselves in unfamiliar circumstance, what do we do? We ought to keep calm and pray.
Stella Adler, Stella Adler on Ibsen, Strindberg, and Chekhov|When I say to the Moment flying;'Linger a while -- thou art so fair!'Then bind me in thy bonds undying,And my final ruin I will bear!
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|Depression is internal. The upswings and downswings have pretty much nothing to do with what's going on in the external world. It's not like something sad happens to you and then you feel sad. Good things happen, but you feel sad anyway.
John Muir, A Thousand-Mile Walk to the Gulf|All you really need to know for the moment is that the universe is a lot more complicated than you might think, even if you start from a position of thinking it's pretty damn complicated in the first place.
Daniel Woodrell, Tomato Red|Sammy, wouldn’t you like to add up to something? In the future? Amount to something?”“Naw. I just figure to roll on, stackin’ days, you know, till the day I fuck up big enough the future gets canceled. Or else all planned out for me, maybe. There’s a somewhat likely chance of that.”“Man, Sammy, I can’t live thinking that way""Well,I don't think about it.
Catullus, I Hate and I Love|Everything with me is either worship and passion or pity and understanding. I hate rarely, though when I hate, I hate murderously. But I am more preoccupied with loving.
Jim Fowler|I do believe in humanism, and I believe that we should treat each other with respect and care and look after each other. All human beings should have an equal chance to survive in society, and inequality is a big problem in society.
Anaïs Nin|You have a right to experiment with your life. You will make mistakes. And they are right too. No, I think there was too rigid a pattern. You came out of an education and are supposed to know your vocation. Your vocation is fixed, and maybe ten years later you find you are not a teacher anymore or you're not a painter anymore. It may happen. It has happened. I mean Gauguin decided at a certain point he wasn't a banker anymore; he was a painter. And so he walked away from banking. I think we have a right to change course. But society is the one that keeps demanding that we fit in and not disturb things. They would like you to fit in right away so that things work now.
Bede Jarrett|May He give usall the courage that we needto go the way He shepherds us.That when He callswe may go unfrightened. If He bids us come to Himacross the waters,that unfrightened we may go. And if He bids us climb a hill,may we not notice that it is a hill,mindful only ofthe happiness of His company. He made us for Himself,that we should travel with Himand see Him at the lastin His unveiled beautyin the abiding city whereHe is lightand happinessand endless home.
Rose Christo, Gives Light|And you are mine, and you will be mine. Theywill not get you. - Eric from Dead and Gone
Florence Falk, On My Own: The Art of Being a Woman Alone|Begin. . . where you are, NOT where you want to be. Begin stuck in the doldrums of your false story--if that is where you are. Begin there because, in truth, there is no other place to start from. Tell yourself that you are going to listen for the sound of your own voice--and remind yourself when you forget. And you will forget, over and over again.
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|Modernity has abandoned the household gods, not because we have rejected the idolatry as all Christians must, but because we have rejected the very idea of the household. We no longer worship Vesta, but have only turned away from her because our homes no longer have any hearths. Now we worship Motor Oil. If our rejection of the old idols were Christian repentance, God would bless it, but what is actually happening is that we are sinking below the level of the ancient pagans. But when we turn to Christ in truth, we find that He has ordained every day of marriage as a proclamation of his covenant with the church. A man who embraces what is expected of him will find a good wife and a welcoming hearth. He who loves his wife loves himself.
Sami Abouzid|My music genres, New Age Music, Electronic synth – pop, Disco, Electro house, Electronica- ambient, Electro pop. Hi-NRG, Electronic; ambient; folk; world; classical; easy listening, Latin salsa , Latin cha cha, latin bolero , latin – pop , Rock , Metal , ambient – rock , Arab dance , Nubian music ,jazz . World music , Trance , House music , Techno , Industrial music, Electronic dance music, Ambient house; chill-out …. Mood Music and Sami Abouzid
Harrish Sairaman|If time is linear, every moment is new! Monotony is just an experience of Ignorance!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When I got large enough to go to work, while employed I was reflecting on many things that would present themselves to my imagination; and whenever an opportunity occurred of looking at a book, when the school-children were getting their lessons, I would find many things that the fertility of my own imagination had depicted to me before.
Mary E.Martin|In his landscapes, Alex expresses the totality of everything in the universe. At the same time, within each leaf, each drop of water or human hair, he conveys a light or glow, which seems to come—how shall I put this—from another dimension. And each brushstroke contains every ounce of his own life and vitality.From The Fate of Pryde, the second in The Trilogy of Remembrance. Enter the giveaway to win one of ten personalized, autographed copies of this novel starting July 31st to August 31st. You can sample the first fifty pages of it on my page. Also, for the same time period, The Drawing Lesson, the first in the trilogy is offered as a giveaway.
Richard Morris|‎In modern physics, there is no such thing as "nothing." Even in a perfect vacuum, pairs of virtual particles are constantly being created and destroyed. The existence of these particles is no mathematical fiction. Though they cannot be directly observed, the effects they create are quite real. The assumption that they exist leads to predictions that have been confirmed by experiment to a high degree of accuracy.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|She was so wound up that she reacted before she thought twice about it and stabbed him. "Damnit" he said between clenched teeth. His fingers tightyened around her wrist. "Stop doing that.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|It sounds like love just sort of happens, whether you want it to or not, whether you’re married or not.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|It's funny, don't you think, how time seems to do a lot of things? It flies, it tells, and worst of all, it runs out.
Charlie Caruso, Understanding y|Social media is much more than self-promotion. It is a two-way street, a set of tools that allow you to reach out to people and become the bringer of positive things and experiences. In turn, these people will not just support you. They will be there to help you increase your reach and audience – and turn your business into a viable endeavour.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Developing better people should be the number one goal for any coach when dealing with kids. In trying to develop better people, we are going to develop more and better pros.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|How men envy and often hate these warm clocks, these wives, who know they will live forever. So what do we do? We men turn terribly mean, because we can't hold to the world or ourselves or anything. We are blind to continuity, all breaks down, falls, melts, stops, rots, or runs away. So, since we cannot shape Time, where does that leave men? Sleepless. Staring.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|What you deserve will be down to you, and you alone.
Eileen Granfors|to split the very sea into ours and theirs." Border at the BeachAnd More White Sheets
Debasish Mridha|To expand life, love more; to get more from life, give more.
Kateryna Kei, Raven Boy|Quotes from BEGINNINGS: Where A Life Begins..........Life did not improve for Maria; it just became slowly less unbearableAlia’s mother was more than twice her age. Not yet old enough to be expected to die of old age but now no longer a woman with a future; except that which can be lived through her children and theirs. Her head told her that there was no justice but her heart was unconvinced.She was relieved that her soul no longer weighed as heavily as it had before, or maybe she had learned how to bear its weight a little more skillfully.At first she thought it was her son's spirit that spoke to her. But he was gone; and slowly she realized that the voice was coming from within her but was not her own. It was stronger and braver and, perhaps, even crueller, than she could be. It could only be coming from within her womb. It had to be the voice of her unborn child."Maybe there is really no justice in the world; just survival and revenge," she said.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|Silently, she wondered whether this was the same desperation, the same impotence that grips many men by their shirts, their T-shirts, their work vests, gripping them equally hard, shaking them and leading them to drink,to beating or the noose. Was this it?
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Our minds are always active. We analyze, reflect, daydream, or dream. There is not a moment during the day or night when we are not thinking. You might say our thinking is 'unceasing.' Sometimes we wish that we could stop thinking for a while; that would save us from many worries, guilt feelings, and fears. Our ability to think is our greatest gift, but it is also the source of our greatest pain. Do we have to become victims of our unceasing thoughts? No, we can convert our unceasing thinking into unceasing prayer by making our inner monologue into a continuing dialogue with our God, who is the source of all love.Let’s break out of our isolation and realize that Someone who dwells in the center of our beings wants to listen with love to all that occupies and preoccupies our minds.
Stepan Chapman, The Troika|Iron turns red when it corrodes, and copper turns green. Meat turns to maggots, and thoughts turn to speech.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our ministries are strengthened, sometimes more than we realize, by our devotional life.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Joy, anger, sadness, pleasure, love, evil, greed. Where is your heart at? This world is like a furnace you temper yourself, and your character. This is the same for everyone.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|Some of these questions don't have finite answers, but the questions themselves are important. Don't stop asking, and don't let anybody tell you the questions aren't worth it. They are.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Oh, they'll never believe a woman could solve such puzzles. They'll just assume I'm humoring you by editing it myself and allowing you to put your name to it."She raised her eyebrows. "But you wouldn't be."He humphed. "They'll never hear me admit it.""I will," she said, a smile curving her lips.He shrugged. "They'll believe me, not you.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Look around you. Everything changes. Everything on this earth is in a continuous state of evolving, refining, improving, adapting, enhancing…changing. You were not put on this earth to remain stagnant.
Sunday Adelaja|Do not run away from the problem. The problem with denying the problem is that it also denies the solution. Face it, it'll go away.
Paul H. Blaney, Oxford Textbook of Psychopathology|The buildings, covered by red tiled roofs, undulate over the hillsides like a drift of wildflowers.
Matthew Rohrer, A Green Light|Unix is not so much a product as it is a painstakingly compiled oral history of the hacker subculture. It is our Gilgamesh epic: a living body of narrative that many people know by heart, and tell over and over again—making their own personal embellishments whenever it strikes their fancy. The bad embellishments are shouted down, the good ones picked up by others, polished, improved, and, over time, incorporated into the story. […] Thus Unix has slowly accreted around a simple kernel and acquired a kind of complexity and asymmetry about it that is organic, like the roots of a tree, or the branchings of a coronary artery. Understanding it is more like anatomy than physics.
Tashie McKay|I don't like killing, but I'm good at it. Murder isn't so bad from a distance, just shapes popping up in my scope. Close-up work though - a garrotte around a target's neck or a knife in their heart - it's not for me. Too much empathy, that's my problem. Usually. But not today. Today is different . . .
Ace Antonio Hall|No matter what happens, you can make it. Like a fist tightened as hard as possible, you can always apply more.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|Let's just say that drama became something very real to me that day, she said. It ceased to be theoretical, was no longer an internal structure in which she could hide and look out on the wold. In a sense, her work had jumped out of a bush and attacked her.I said it seemed to me that at a certain point a lot of people felt that, not about work but about life itself.
Leonard Cohen, Book of Mercy|Should I get lost, just point me in the direction of a poem.
Kate Maloy, Every Last Cuckoo|Sarah, though, was still sometimes ruled by stark pain, lost to everything else. Grief slipped away, only to attack from behind. It changed shape endlessly. It lacerated her, numbed her, stalked her, startled her, caught her by the throat. It deceived her eye with glimpses of Charles, her ear with the sound of his voice. She would turn and turn, expecting him, and find him gone. Again. Each time Sarah escaped her sorrow, forgetful amid other things, she lost him anew the instant she remembered he was gone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|For this is what the LORD, the God of Israel, says: 'The jar of flour will not be used up and the jug of oil will not run dry until the day the LORD sends rain on the land.' 1 Kings 17:14
Adela Knight|I want to mark him permanently, brand him as mine. I grab my ankles to keep from grabbing him, digging my short, blunt nails into my flesh, the pain heightening my pleasure.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|In an age of rust, she comes up stainless steel
Woody Harrelson|If in doubt, don't. If still in doubt, do what's right.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There are two powerful fuels, two forces; motivation and inspiration. To be motivated you need to know what your motives are. Over time - and to sustain you through it - your motivation must become an inner energy; a 'motor' driving you forward, passionately, purposefully, wisely and compassionately... come what may, every day. Inspiration is an outer - worldly - energy that you breathe and draw in. It may come from many places, faces, spaces and stages - right across the ages. It is where nature, spirit, science, mind and time meet, dance, play and speak. It keeps you outward facing and life embracing. But you must be open-minded and open-hearted to first let it in and then let it out again. Together - blended, combined and re-entwined - motivation and inspiration bring connectivity, productivity, creativity and boundless possibilities that is not just 'self' serving but enriching to all humanity and societies...just as it should be.
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|He did not think of love as an eternally vigilant, blazing flame, which with its powerful, flickering glow shown into all the peaceful folds of life and in some fantastic way made everything seem bigger and stronger than it was. For him, love was more like the calm, smoldering ember that gives off an even heat from its soft bed of ashes and in the muted twilight tenderly forgets what is distant and makes what is near seem twice as close and twice as intimate.
Natasha Tsakos|The only thing I knew was that I would give myself permission to imagine anything, and reverse engineer my way from there.
Erik Pevernagie|Look, the truth belongs to the guy who's best at sticking to his story,' said Ferguson.
Thomas  Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|I’m interested in this humbler approach, one that is more accepting of human foibles, and indeed sees dignity and peace as emerging more from that acceptance than from any method of transcending the human condition.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Speaking of shabby looks, we're going to have to give you a haircut soon....WHAT?These feathers are getting messy.LET ME UNDERSTAND THIS CORRECTLY. YOU WISH TO CUT MY MANE?Thunder tigers grow manes?OF COURSE! HOW ELSE WOULD YOU TELL MALES FROM FEMALES?This is a trick question, right?A MANE IS A SIGN A MALE ARASHITORA HAS REACHED MATURITY.Her laughter rang out in his mind.So it's going to be a few more decades growing, then?HMPH. I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW MOST FEMALES FIND IT FETCHING.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Nik loved the library, but it went beyond the books; he enjoyed the solitude. In the library, nobody expected him to be strong, or brave, or daring. No need for wrestling to prove he was tougher, no showing teeth to keep other kids from thinking they could get the better of him.
Kathryn James, Mist|And you asked why people always expected you to smile in photographs. And I told you it was because they hoped that in the future, there would be something to smile about
Claudia Gray, A Million Worlds with You|He takes my hand and says, 'Let's make a world.
Dada Bhagwan|One is not to win the world, he has to win the home (family).
John Gardner, Grendel|The voices of cold reason were talking, as usual, to deaf ears.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Cultivate your craft. Water it daily, pour some tender loving care into it, and watch it grow. Remember that a plant doesn’t sprout immediately. Be patient, and know that in life you will reap what you sow.
Frank Bruni, Born Round: The Secret History of a Full-time Eater|You couldn’t get worse food, or food more detached from nature, if you tried. If you have an apple, you’re connected to an apple tree. If you have a dish of set custard and half a glace cherry you’re not connected to anything.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|Men exist because a vibrator can't fix a flat tire. On second thought, I should just buy a AAA card...
Jalaluddin Rumi, A Year with Rumi: Daily Readings|If you want money more than anything,you will be bought and sold.If you have a greed for food,you will become a loaf of bread.This is a subtle truth.Whatever you love, you are.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|I could tell he was becoming sulky, as boys and men do when they're caught bluffing. And I ignored him, as girls and women do when they catch them out.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|I gather they are even vaguely pacifist, not on moral grounds but from an ingrained habit of belittling anything that concerns the great mass of their fellow men and from a dash of purely fashionable and literary communism.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|No, it's not that. It's not what you're thinking. I was serious when I said 'all of it'. I can remember every moment we were together, and in eachof them there was something wonderful. I can't really pick any one time that meant more than any other. The entire summer was perfect, the kind of summer everyone should have. How could I pick one moment over another? Poets often describe love as an emotion that we can't control, one that overwhelms logic and common sense. That's what it was like for me. I didn't plan on falling in love with you, and I doubt if you planned on falling in love with me. But once we met, it was clear that neither of us could control what was happening to us. We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has happened only once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
Michael Sokolove, Warrior Girls: Protecting Our Daughters Against the Injury Epidemic in Women's Sports|readers are saying;“A great story about a fan's love for 'all things sport' ...”" Great read. Must buy as a stocking stuffer."“A great piece of work
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|I may not be perfect, but I am worthy.
Henry Eyring|I discovered that wearing the veil is not suitable for a woman who wants to work in activism and the public domain. People need to see you, to associate and relate to you. It is not stated in my religion to wear the veil; it is a traditional practice, so I took it off.
Marlene Dietrich|Children, I grant, should be innocent; but when the epithet is applied to men, or women, it is but a civil term for weakness.
Malala Yousafzai|I believed in studying just because I knew education was a privilege. It was the discipline of study, to get into the habit of doing something that you don't want to do.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|They weren't making much sense; she decided they were having an argument as old and comfortable as an armchair, the kind of argument that no one ever really wins or loses, but which can go on for ever, if both parties are willing.
Ndiritu Wahome, The Sad Artist and Other Fairytales|In life we must be willing to take risks, for that is the only way progress is attained.
Nigel Jay Cooper|Maybe that’s the way of love. It doesn’t wait to be invited in, and it won’t be coerced. It gently creeps under your skin, a mild itch at first, not giving itself away in case you scratch it and cause an infection. But then it sinks in deeper, getting into your bloodstream. It travels. By the time it reaches your brain and you’re aware of the infection, it’s already taken over your heart. In Natalie’s experience, love is anything but innocent. It’s a captor, a guard, imprisoning you in the clutches of another, knitting the fabric of your own life to somebody else’s, whether you like it or not.
Parker Posey|It's funny how sometimes how the public some people think I was born like this. That I maybe I sleep and I do big muscle, but its a lot of work to look like this and to be in this kind of condition.
Patricia Pearson|I don't understand why asking people to eat a well-balanced, vegetarian diet is considered drastic, while it is medically conservative to cut people open.
David Harewood|In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you.
Anouska Hempel|I want to keep learning, keep exploring, keep doing more.
M.F. Moonzajer|I might be a great liar, but I am not sure I can lie to those striking eyes.
St. Jane Francis de Chantal|There is no danger if our prayer is without words or reflection because the good success of prayer depends neither on words nor on study. It depends upon the simple raising of our minds to God, and the more simple and stripped of feeling it is, the surer it is.
Gabriele Russo, Incompetent Gods|Today was “ananthropomorphic day”: once a month, the gods got to take a holiday from humdrum humanoid shapes and look any way they wanted. Since most gods are versatile shape-shifters and/or have god-awful taste in clothing, this meant that temporary blindness or at least a good headache was lurking around every corner. It was meant to boost morale. It usually sank his.
David Foster Wallace|This story ["The Depressed Person"] was the most painful thing I ever wrote. It's about narcissism, which is a part of depression. The character has traits of myself. I really lost friends while writing on that story, I became ugly and unhappy and just yelled at people. The cruel thing with depression is that it's such a self-centered illness - Dostoevsky shows that pretty good in his "Notes from Underground". The depression is painful, you're sapped/consumed by yourself; the worse the depression, the more you just think about yourself and the stranger and repellent you appear to others.
Ka Chinery|Your observations and conclusions are mirrored illusions of your inner state of being, teaching you truth through falsehoods, strength through weakness and clarity through confusion. You are seeing your Self now, disguised as the world through a lens of denial, but you will soon come to realize that what you choose to deny in yourself manifests into your world. The flaws you see in your world are your most powerful teachers.
Josephine Harwood, Dark Secrets|Some times we choose our fate,” she said. “Other times it’s chosen for us.”	The cleft between his dark brows deepened and his jaw clenched then released. “And sometimes its what we make it.
Eraldo Banovac|Never lie. Firstly, you will be caught in the lie sooner or later. Secondly, count on problems when repairing the consequences of the lie. Therefore, always tell the truth no matter how unpleasant it is.
Michael Weatherly|I think there are a lot of really positive aspects to social media for novelists. Even though our work is pretty solitary, through Twitter and Tumblr and Facebook and Instagram and blogging in general, we're better able to connect directly with readers.
Mosab Hassan Yousef|We get a lot of raps as Americans for being small-minded, but in fact, when you really drill down to the core of the culture, there's an enormous amount of compassion and forgiveness and support.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|There was a strange but universal understanding among women. On some level all women knew, they all understood, the fear of being outnumbered, of being helpless. It throbbed in their chests when they thought about the times they left stores and were followed. The knocks on their car windows as they were sitting alone at red lights, and strangers asking for rides. Having too much to drink and losing their ability to be forceful enough to just say no. Smiling at strange men coming on to them, not wanting to hurt their feelings, not wanting to make a scene. All women remembered these things, even if they had never happened to them personally. It was a part of their collective unconscious.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|How was she to reconcile men's desire with the desire to be beautiful in their eyes? At first she had tried for a compromise (desperate journeys abroad, where nobody knew her and no indiscretion could betray her); then, later on, she had gone radical and sacrificed her erotic life to her beauty.
David J. Schwartz, The Magic of Thinking Big|Those who believe they can move mountains, do. Those who believe they can't, cannot. Belief triggers the power to do.
Kirk Farber, Postcards from a Dead Girl|...so much has been laid on the sunset—heavy-handed metaphors, sentimental music. Everyone’s always walking into them, and that is some very intense light. Maybe that’s where the term “love is blind” comes from, because so many people are walking into sunsets, burning out their corneas.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|I wish sometimes that the gods would either choose better, or make their wishes clearer
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|In June we picked the clover,And sea-shells in July:There was no silence at the door,No word from the sky.A hand came out of AugustAnd flicked his life away:We had not time to bargain, mope,Moralize, or pray.
Joan Benoit Samuelson|The words of the social critic Eric Hoffer were ringing true: "Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and turns into a racket.
Saga Valsalan|In that one stolen second, I considered the Glebe girl. She entered my mind like a burglar, them vanished again, taking nothing. It was like the humiliation of the past had been dragged instantly from my back and left somewhere on the ground.
Vera Wang|In our view, successful reform is not an event. It is a sustainable process that will build on its own successes - a virtuous cycle of change.
Craig Kilborn|It's sad when you can't make everyone happy, though. It's impossible but, at the same time, you still hope. You think, 'Maybe I can do it,' but you know you can't. But gosh, if I had to rely on giving people what they wanted, I would have had to write 40 billion different books and even then, I wouldn't get it right.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|If you know the rules, it's not anymore interesting the game, but if you don't know them it's interesting... like what's the feeling to be 24 hours at jail, who can you meet at jail. Do you know somebody from the guards...?!
Dennis Brown|I believe life is an 'experience ball.' You throw it at someone, it picks up their response... it grows. You play with that ball, learning what it teaches you.
Rose Christo, The Dogs of Balboa|Everything's a painting, anyway," Fawn said. "That's what I think. We live inside a giant painting, only we can't see who's holding the paintbrush. Any time something strange happens in your life it's because the painter added a new brushstroke you can't see. The big picture keeps changing, but we're stuck in the small one.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Even though I like kissing... No matter how much I think I want him to stop, that I hate him and want him to let go, in that moment, I couldn't care less. That's why... I'm... wondering whether I'm mistaking that for love.
Ian McEwan|No one knows anything, really. It's all rented, or borrowed.
Henry David Thoreau|Whether you are talking about cardiac care or education, the fundamental question is: How do you provide it for everyone?
Audrey Niffenegger|It's terrific, Clare," Henry says, and we stare at each other, and I think, "Don't leave me.
Rudyard Kipling, Soldiers Three|I guessed life was like that. You gained and you lost, and if you saved anything from the ruins, even if only a shred of self-respect, it was enough to take you through the next bit.
Paulo Coelho, The Spy|You are born, go to school, and attend university in search of a husband. You get married - even if he is the worse man in the world - just so that others can't say no one wants you. You have children, grow old, and spend the end of your days watching passersby from a chair on the sidewalk, pretending to know everything about life yet unable to silence the voice in your heart that says: "You could try something else.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|We gradually accepted each other with our strengths and weaknesses. And now, I think, we have started to enjoy our differences more
Yiyun Li, Dear Friend, from My Life I Write to You in Your Life|I have spent much of my life turning away from the scripts given to me, in China and in America; my refusal to be defined by the will of others is my one and only political statement.
Lauren Leto, Judging a Book by Its Lover: A Field Guide to the Hearts and Minds of Readers Everywhere|If you tell an eight-year-old she has a talent for something, she'll never give it a rest.
George Harrison|With happiness as with health: to enjoy it, one should be deprived of it occasionally.
Yuval Noah Harari|This is the best reason to learn history: not in order to predict the future, but to free yourself of the past and imagine alternative destinies. Of course this is not total freedom - we cannot avoid being shaped by the past. But some freedom is better than none.
Erin Hunter, Mistystar's Omen|I believe in the importance of learning from what has been discovered before. And in how precious health is, and how hard I must work to preserve it in all my Clanmates. The fact that the world of signs, omens, and dreams that have hidden meanings is closed to me doesn’t feel like something is missing, Mistystar. I respect what you believe. You must respect what matters to me.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Hang on, did you just call me Angel?" I asked."If I did?""I don't like it."He grinned. "It stays, Angel.
Conor Oberst|When we recognise the virtues, the talent, the beauty of Mother Earth, something is born in us, some kind of connection, love is born.
Craig  Stone, How to Hide from Humans|Parents raise children then grow old, and their children forget the things their old parents did for them, because their brains don’t remember before they grew selfish.There are buildings all over the world full of old people sitting around looking out of windows, full of hate for their selfish sons and daughters.And meanwhile, the selfish sons and daughters look out of their windows at their children playing and think how wonderful their unbreakable bond of love is between them and their children.
Aristotle|Expectations are a form of first-class truth: If people believe it, it's true.
Marilyn Manson|Redemption is possible, and it is the measure of a civilized society.
Jackson J. Spielvogel|Many lessons can be learned from the history of Western civilization, but one of them is especially clear. Lack of involvement in the affairs of one's society can lead to a sense of powerlessness. In an age that is often crisis-laden and chaotic, an understanding of our Western heritage and its lessons can be instrumental in helping us create new models for the future. For we are all creators of history, and the future of Western and indeed world civilization depends on us.
Helen Mirren|The bracelet says 'Fear Nothing.' It was given to me by my friends, and it was made for me and my friends during the period of time that I was going through chemotherapy. And I still wear it, because it's a great reminder of friendship and how my buddies and others came together in my time of need.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Now as before, women must refuse to be meek and guileful, for truth cannot be served by dissimulation. Women who fancy that they manipulate the world by pussy power and gentle cajolery are fools. It is slavery to have to adopt such tactics.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Ama bardağımın dibinde biram ılıksa, aynada koyu renkli lekeler varsa, fazlalıksam; en içten ve en katışıksız acım, ayıbalığı gibi, hem bir yığın et hem gepgeniş bir deriyle ve insanın içine dokunan ıslak, ama kötülük dolu gözlerle sürüklenip hantallaşıyorsa bu benim kabahatim mi?
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Real cybersecurity means that your Security Operations team is consistently pen testing your network with the same stealth and sophistication as the Russian nation state, the same desperation as China’s 13th Five Year Plan, the same inexhaustible energy of the Cyber Caliphate and the same greed and ambition for monetary payoff as a seasoned cyber-criminal gang.
T.S. Eliot|Will the veiled sister pray for Those who walk in darkness, who chose thee and oppose thee, Those who are torn on the horn between season and season, time and time, between Hour and hour, word and word, power and power, those who wait In darkness? Will the veiled sister pray For children at the gate Who will not go away and cannot pray: Pray for those who chose and oppose
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|We don't become gods because we think we are gods. That is only a sign of ego. We become gods when we realise that a part of the universal divinity lives within us; when we understand our role in this great world and when we strive to fulfil that role. That makes you a God. And remember, gods don't fail. You cannot fail.
Anthony Castillo|i loved you once but not sure the second will get me back. We know our mistakes and know our past, but we don't know which to blame. these are the last words i will say before we continue our life. Find another lover before you try to love me back.
Anita Diamant, The Red Tent|Death is no enemy, but the foundation of gratitude, sympathy, and art. Of all life's pleasures, only love owes no debt to death.
Will Jelbert, The Happiness Animal|It was the sort of anger that comes to a slow boil inside the hearts of good men who want justice, and finding it out oftheir grasp, decide vengeance is the next best thing.
Haki R. Madhubuti|Entrepreneurship rests on a theory of economy and society. The theory sees change as normal and indeed as healthy. And it sees the major task in society - and especially in the economy - as doing something different rather than doing better what is already being done. That is basically what Say, two hundred years ago, meant when he coined the term entrepreneur. It was intended as a manifesto and as a declaration of dissent: the entrepreneur upsets and disorganizes. As Joseph Schumpeter formulated it, his task is "creative destruction.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Focus on progress, not perfection.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When we are healthy, wealthy and powerful, we forget about our mortality. It’s only when irreparable cracks set in that we come back to reality.
Ben Parr|Yet in this global economy, no jobs are safe. High-speed Internet connections and low-cost, skilled labor overseas are an explosive combination.
Edward Whitacre, Jr.|Transformation is a process, and as life happens there are tons of ups and downs. It's a journey of discovery - there are moments on mountaintops and moments in deep valleys of despair.
Andy Serkis|I truly think comedy is - being funny is DNA. My dad was a doctor, a wonderful doctor, and people still come up to me today, 'Your father helped my mother die.' You know what I'm saying? He made her laugh 'til she died. My father was always very funny.
Abi Morgan|Will ye come with me?” he whispered.And she answered without hesitation. “Yes, please.
Amicable Soda|Courage drown by horses is hard to market, and makes more wounds.
Gyomay M. Kubose, Everyday Suchness: Buddhist Essays on Everyday Living|It is a great mistake to say ”Conquer it,” for we can never conquer nature; we can only harmonize with it.
Karl Marx|The reason Milton wrote in fetters when he wrote of Angels & God, and at liberty when of Devils & Hell, is because he was a true Poet and of the Devil's party without knowing it.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes losses in life are not losses at all. They are simply the evidence God provides, in order to build a story so profound, that it will cause social change.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|There is a quiet transformation happening that is moving us from 'turning on each other' to 'turning toward each other.' Without question, that transformation will require shame resilience. If we're willing to dare greatly and risk vulnerability with each other, worthiness has the power to set us free.
Avijeet Das|Each one of us has a purpose in this life. We are born not just to pay the bills and live an unremarkable existence. We are born to hone our talents and to lead a passionate life! And when we combine our talents with service to others, we achieve the ultimate goal of our existence - Ecstasy of the Soul!
Marcus Garvey, The Philosophy and Opinions of Marcus Garvey, Or, Africa for the Africans|The harder life is for a man when he is young, the easier it will be in the future.
Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist|I recently forced myself to read a book on quantum physics, just to try and learn something new. I was confused by the middle of the first sentence and it all went downhill from there. The only thing I can remember learning is that a parallel universe can theoretically be contained on the head of a needle. I don't really know what that means, but I am now more careful handling needles.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If the fire in your heart is strong enough, it will burn away any obstacles that come your way.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|It’s never wrong to be rich, but I want to believe, success is not limited to riches; it involves influence. If your riches don't create any impact, you are missing it.
Anton Chekhov|We shall find peace. We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Richard Dawkins|The moral systems of religion, I think, are super important.
S.L. Jennings|After a torrent of rapid knocking, Lucy swept past her in the hallway, threw her purse on the table, and landed her ass on the couch before turning expectantly toward Riley and patting the couch next to her. Her dark eyes examined every nuance of Riley’s appearance.“Okay, dish,” she demanded. “Every last detail.”Riley rolled her eyes and shook her head as she scooted across the floor in her sock feet. She didn’t feel great, but at least she wasn’t in full torture mode. She thought Lucy might have waited until afternoon instead of showing up at ten-thirty a.m. but what the hell. Her old sweatshirt hugged against her stomach as she pulled her arms together. “Well,” she feigned ignorance, “what do you want to talk about?”Lucy slammed her hand on the couch. “Oh, don’t you even. Right now.” She threw herself back against the couch, her face fixed in a not-to-be-toyed-with expression. Riley noted with mild interest how her breasts jiggled inside her white t-shirt. Maybe she was turning into some kind of sex fiend.“Okay, yes, he sets me on fire. I can’t help it. Blame my gender lineage.”“I could see he set you fire. Your eyes could hardly look at anything else.” She picked at a tear in her faded jeans then flared back at Riley with an expression of awe. “Of course, my eyes had a few spasms of their own in his direction. Shit, the man is a god. I can’t remember seeing a body that well put together. At least,” she arched her back, “not a male body.”Riley threw back her head and laughed. Lucy was good tonic, at the very least. “Oh my god, can you stand it?!”“No—but tell me you didn’t give in, before I pass out.”“No, we didn’t have sex. But he did kiss me and my panties nearly fell straight to my ankles,” she chuckled. “He stopped himself, thank god, or I would have had him right there on the floor.”“You were drunk.”“Oh, yeah, ridiculous drunk. He ordered steaks delivered while he drove me home, and then sliced the steak for me and practically put it in my mouth.” She couldn’t sit still, the memory forcing her up from the couch to pace. She’d spent the entire morning and half the night trying to forget everything about him, and of course the other half had been consumed with remembering everything about him. “Shit. Fire.” Lucy’s glance followed her. “I want some. Can we have him?
Jessie J.|I don’t care what people think. I don’t care how many dislikes I get on Youtube. I don’t care how many people compare to every single female artist in the industry, because we’re both white and sing. I do this because I love it, and I do it because this is what I feel like I was born to do, I feel like I was born to write music to heal the world.
Polybius, The Histories, Vol 1: Books 1-2|But all historians, one may say without exception, and in no half-hearted manner, but making this the beginning and end of their labour, have impressed on us that the soundest education and training for a life of active politics is the study of History, and that surest and indeed the only method of learning how to bear bravely the vicissitudes of fortune, is to recall the calamities of others.
Jenna Elfman|Happy the man  and happy he alone He who can call today his own He who  secure within  can say "Tomorrow  do thy worst For I have lived today."
Ivan Turgenev|Painting is the only universal language. All nature is creation's picture book. Painting alone can describe every thing which can be seen, and suggest every emotion which can be felt. Art reaches back into the babyhood of time, and is man's only lasting monument.
Michael J. Sullivan, Rise of Empire|Take my advice: live your life to the fullest. Breathe the air, taste the wine, kiss the girls, and always remember that the tales of another are never as wondrous as your own.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just practice religion, abide by the principles of Christ
Charles Vest|The major obstacle to a religious renewal is the intellectual classes, who are highly influential and tend to view religion as primitive superstition. They believe that science has left atheism as the only respectable intellectual stance.
Lori Jenessa Nelson|Shall the dire day break when lifefinds us merely husband and wifewith passion not so much deniedas neatly laundered and put asideand the old joyous insistencetrimmed to placid coexistence?Shall we sometime arise from bedwith not a carnal thought in our headlook at each other without surpriseout of wide awake uncandid eyestouch and know no immediate urgewhere all mysteries converge?Speak for the sake of something to sayand now and then put on a displayof elaborate mimicry of the past to provethat ritual reigns where once ruled loveand calmly observe those bleak ritesthat once made splendour of our nights?Dear, when we stop being outrageousand no longer find contagiousthe innumerable ecstasies we findin rise of hand or leap of mind - not now or then, love, need we fear
Sally Pearson|On the death of his brothers, my dad lied about his age and joined the army in 1918. He was in the trenches long enough to be gassed and contract the early stages of tuberculosis from which he would eventually die just before my birth.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you don't fight for him, you lose! Fight for him!~Nana Osaki
Hillary Clinton|Well, you could take several stories off the buildings of most U.S. government agencies and we'd all probably be better for it too.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Don’t sell based on inventory. Inventory based on who you want to sell.A lot of people sell homes. They all have structure. Location, size, style, function, benefit, community, who stays (and leaves)...totally different. You can sell or do anything at a premium. It may be a home, but the type of clientele you work with is a choice. Don’t sell based on inventory. Inventory based on who you want to sell.Go to work.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|Lately, a study has suggested that depressed people have a more accurate view of reality, though this accuracy is not worth a bean because it is depressing, and depressed people live shorter lives. Optimists and believers are happier and healthier in their unreal worlds.
Roberta Pearce, The Value of Vulnerability|What if this is a horrible mistake?" I croaked. "Oh, it'll be horrible fine, just a bunch of pretentious rich people with shelves of expensive books they've never read.
Albert Pinkham Ryder|Imitation is not inspiration, and inspiration only can give birth to a work of art. The least of man's original emanation is better than the best of borrowed thought.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|They didn't need the words, if they were willing to be silent long enough to learn to speak without them.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Whether you think you can, or you think you can't--you're right.
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|I think everyone fails, but there are so many kinds of failure.
Jessica Dovey|Everyone who isn't us is an enemy." - Cersei
Rachel Ward, Numbers|However cozy things seemed, the facts of life were the same. You couldn't escape death: It would get us all in the end.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|We are tempted to believe that certain achievements and possessions will give us enduring satisfaction. We are invited to imagine ourselves scaling the steep cliff face of happiness in order to reach a wide, high plateau on which we will live out the rest of our lives; we are not reminded that soon after gaining the summit, we will be called down again into fresh lowlands of anxiety and desire.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|I should go," I said thickly. "Let me know when you want to start practice again. And thanks for...talking."I started to turn; then I heard him say abruptly, "No."I glanced back. "What?"He held my gaze, and something warm and wonderful and powerful shot between us."No," he repeated. "I told her no.""I..." I shut my mouth before my jaw hit the floor. "But...why? That was a once-in-a-lifetime thing. You could have had a baby. And she...she was, you know, into you..."The ghost of a smile flickered on his face. "Yes, she was. Is. And that's why I had to say no. I couldn't return that...couldn't give her what she wanted. Not when..." He took a few steps toward me. "Not when my heart is somewhere else.
Lydia M. Child|I escaped to New York, and then L.A., but when I dream of home, I still dream of my old house in Holmdel.
Ann Haywood Leal|For the narrative to exist, so that it could be read and reread even if I was taken away. Stories outlive their writers all the time. We know plenty about Goethe and Charles Dickens from what they chose to tell, even though they have been dead for years.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|Never be envious of what someone else has.You don't know the price they paid to get it, and you don't know the price they are paying to keep it.
Christina Engela|When facts are misrepresented in order to serve an opinion or to promote it aggressively - especially an opinion which demonstrably results in people being victimized, persecuted, and their lives destroyed in many places in the world, it should be a matter of concern to everyone who wants people to be treated equally, fairly and justly.
Josh Hutcherson|There has never been a verified scientific report that chelation therapy, a gluten-free diet, or anything else can cure autism.
Paul Engle|All families had their special Christmas food. Ours was called Dutch Bread, made from a dough halfway between bread and cake, stuffed with citron and every sort of nut from the farm - hazel, black walnut, hickory, butternut.
