Susan Sontag, Reborn: Journals and Notebooks, 1947-1963|I am scared, numbed from the marital wars - that deadly, deadening combat which is the opposite, the antithesis of the sharp painful struggles of lovers. Lovers fight with knives and whips, husbands and wives poisoned marshmallows, sleeping pills, and wet blankets.
Rebecca MacKinnon|All of my Polynesian counterparts in the NFL with roots in American Samoa understand how the values embedded in our South Pacific culture - community, hard work, perseverance, respect - contribute directly to our success.
Marcus du Sautoy|Because religion has such a compelling hold on the deep psyches of so many people, feminists cannot afford to leave it in the hands of the fathers.
Steve Hockensmith, Dreadfully Ever After|Regrets of the past can be turned into seeds to grow a more positive future or unlearned, doomed to repeat the same.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|I was born free, yet today I am in chains. Invisible, they were loosely draped and passed unnoticed until the age of understanding reduced my life to a narrow segment of fear. - Sultana
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|Ideally, the ISS program will just be one more incremental step on an expanding, incredible journal of exploration and understanding, taking us higher and farther.
Mikko Hypponen|U.S. intelligence has the legal right to monitor foreign communications as they go through to U.S. service providers. However, even though something is legal doesn't make it right. I'm not American; I don't really care about what data is being collected about American citizens. I'm worried about us, the foreigners.
Chris Hill|The fear of taking a shot at anything in life, lives in the fact that there are no guaranteed outcomes and this notion sadly, paralyzes so many from ever taking a chance, because they can never be certain enough. It's important to understand that the fear will always be there, that's what makes us humans, and those of us that end of leading successful and fulfilled lives have just learned to better tame and dance with that fear more than others.
Dacher Keltner, The Power Paradox: How We Gain and Lose Influence|The power paradox is this: we rise in power and make a difference in the world due to what is best about human nature, but we fall from power due to what is worst. We gain a capacity to make a difference in the world by enhancing the lives of others, but the very experience of having power and privilege leads us to behave, in our worst moments, like impulsive, out-of-control sociopaths. How we handle the power paradox guides our personal and work lives and determines, ultimately, how happy we and the people we care about will be. It determines our empathy, generosity, civility, innovation, intellectual rigor, and the collaborative strength of our communities and social networks. Its ripple effects shape the patterns that make up our families, neighborhoods, and workplaces, as well as the broader patterns of social organization that define societies and our current political struggles.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Rouse him, and learn the principle of his activity or inactivity. Force him to reveal himself, so as to find out his vulnerable spots.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude #1|Waiting is one of the things that human beings cannot do well, though it is one of the essential things we must do successfully if we are to know happiness. We are impatient for the future and try to craft it with our own powers, but hte future will come as it ocmes and will not be hurried.
Stacey Jay, Of Beast and Beauty|But maybe that isn't possible. Maybe the mind of the majority is always the healthy mind, simply by virtue of its numbers. Maybe it's the definition of madness to believe I'm right and everyone else if wrong, to find my thoughts rational and reasonable when almost the entire world finds them damaged and flawed.
Romina Noriega|The foundations of your childhood, they stay with you.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|They say true love only comes around once and you have to hold out and be strong until then. I have been waiting. I have been searching. I am a man under the moon, walking the streets of earth until dawn. There's got to be someone for me. It's not too much to ask. Just someone to be with. Someone to love. Someone to give everything to. Someone.
Darren Shan, Lord Loss|But you're like me,” he says. “An outsider. Different. A freak. We're both weird, which is why we get along.
Avina Celeste|As you act with more control, compassion, and love, the lives of those around you improve. When you let yourself find happiness, your friends, family, and acquaintances will begin to find their happiness too.
William Blake, Jerusalem|Our sins live with us for eternity, and that is perhaps the most frightening thing of all. - Sims
D.E. Athkins, The Ripper|No wonder that the ghost and goblin stories had a new zest. No wonder that the blood of the more timid grew chill and curdled, that their flesh crept, and their hearts beat irregularly, and the girls peeped fearfully over their shoulders, and huddled close together like frightened sheep, and half-fancied they beheld some impish and malignant face gibbering at them from the darkling corners of the old room. By degrees my high spirits died out, and I felt the childish tremors, long latent, long forgotten, coming over me. I followed each story with painful interest; I did not ask myself if I believed the dismal tales. I listened and fear grew upon me - the blind, irrational fear of our nursery days. ("Horror: A True Tale")
Angela Carter, The Sadeian Woman: And the Ideology of Pornography|You cannot explain, with the limitations of language and inexperience, why your body can cause such a sudden, fumbling response in someone else, nor can you put into exact words what you feel about your body, explain the thrum it feels in proximity to another warm-skinned form. What you feel is a tangle of contradictions: power, pleasure, fear, shame, exultation, some strange wish to make noise. You cannot say how those things knit themselves together somewhere in the lower abdomen and pulse.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Enigma|My aunt just stood there, and in that second it was as though the world and the future collapsed down into a single point, and I understood that this—the kitchen, the spotless cream linoleum floors, the glaring lights, and the vivid green mass of Jell-O on the counter—was all that was left now that my mother was gone.Suddenly I couldn’t stay there. I couldn’t stand the sight of my aunt’s kitchen, which I now understood would be my kitchen. I couldn’t stand the Jell-O. My mother hated Jell-O. An itchy feeling began to work its way through my body, as though a thousand mosquitoes were circulating through my blood, biting me from the inside, making me want to scream, jump, squirm.I ran.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland|Such is the nature of people: they regret that what was, although it wasn't even nice, because they are afraid of what will be – the unknown.
Jack D. Zipes, The Brothers Grimm: From Enchanted Forests to the Modern World|Think what you would have been now, if instead of being fed with tales and old wives' fables in childhood, you had been crammed with geography and natural history!
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I think it would be prudent to advise you that due to extraordinary circumstances beyond our control, the original plan we had for participating in and extending the duration of the IPT Main Event has been drastically altered, specifically as it pertains to certain individuals competing—
Ram Charan|I didn't come from a wealthy family. My dad told us if we wanted spending money, we had to earn it. So I developed an early work ethic.
George Cardinal Pell|There have been many authorities who have asserted that the basis of science lies in counting or measuring, i.e. in the use of mathematics. Neither counting nor measuring can however be the most fundamental processes in our study of the material universe—before you can do either to any purpose you must first select what you propose to count or measure, which presupposes a classification.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|What’s SQ?” asked Evan.“Sexual Quotient.”“What’s that?”“Basically, it’s your odds of getting laid. Everyone has an SQ. just like everyone has an IQ.”“I’ve never heard that term before.”“That’s because I made it up.”“That figures. Finally applying your actuarial skills to what really matters, eh?
Surgeo Bell|Don't let anybody try to change who you are, because at the end of the day, you are the one who must live with yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She sighs and the small release of breath bothers me. This girl needs to be off doing things that make her happy. Not standing here with me, confused and torn. It’s just further proof that I’m no good to be around. I’m turning one of the happiest people I know into something she was never meant to be. I’m turning her into me.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|I know it is something of a cliche to say that love makes all things possible, but I believe it does. It is not a magic wand that can be waved over life to make it all sweet and lovely and trouble free, but it can give the energy to fight the odds and win.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Beauty provokes harassment, the law says, but it looks through men's eyes when deciding what provokes it.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Love is as primary a phenomenon as sex. Normally, sex is a mode of expression for love. Sex is justified, even sanctified, as soon as, but only as long as, it is a vehicle of love. Thus love is not understood as a mere side-effect of sex; rather, sex is a way of expressing the experience of that ultimate togetherness which is called love.
Nancy Mehl, Blown Away|I'm holding up, Lord willing and the creek don't rise.
Morgan Chabane|It is said that the dead are infinitely patient, although it is usually said by the living, and how would they know?
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|She tried to tear herself away from him. The effort broke against his arms that had not felt it. Her fists beat against his shoulders, against his face. He moved one had, took her two wrists, pinned them behind her, under his arm, wrenching her shoulder blades. She twisted her head back. She felt his lips on her breast. She tore herself free…She fought like an animal. But she made no sound. She did not call for help. She heard the echoes of her blows in a gasp of his breath, and she knew that it was a gasp of pleasure…She felt the hatred and his hands; his hands moving over her body, the hands that broke granite. She fought the last convulsion. Then the sudden pain shot up, through her body, to her throat, and she screamed. Then she laid still. It was an act that could be performed in tenderness, as a seal of love, or in contempt, as a symbol of humiliation and conquest. It could be an act of a lover or the act of a soldier violating an enemy woman. He did it as an act of scorn. Not as love, but as defilement. And this made her still and submit…the act of a master taking shameful , contemptuous possession of her was the kind of rapture she had wanted…
Rudyard Kipling|A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
Jeffrey Jerome Cohen, Stone|Stone is a primal matter, inhuman in its duration. Yet despite its incalculable temporality, the lithic is not some vast and alien outside. A limit-breaching intimacy persistently unfolds. Hurl a rock and you'll shatter an ontology, leave taxonomy in glistening shards.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|When a woman smiles,then her dress should smile to
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|Now everything was changed. She walked about with cautious, anxious steps, staring constantly at the ground, on the lookout for things that crept and crawled. Bushes were dangerous, and so were sea grass and rain water. There were little animals everywhere. They could turn up between the covers of a book, flattened and dead, for the fact is that creeping animals, tattered animals, and dead animals are with us all our lives, from beginning to end. Grandmother tried to discuss this with her, to no avail. Irrational terror is so hard to deal with. [p. 136]
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Lions and tigers and pissed-off girls, oh my.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of trouble, wait for the Lord to defend you.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation|If we accept the premise that we’re always wrong, it really removes the incentive to spend a lot of time trying to make good guesses because even the good guesses turn out to be wrong. So, make plausible guesses… and tell a good story.
Margaret Thatcher|I have always preferred the contemplative to the active life. I prefer the freedom to see matters from several viewpoints, to appreciate ironies, and indeed to change my opinion as I learn something new. To be politically active means to surrender this freedom. I say nothing against activism for others. It is only through the committed that necessary changes come. But each to his own path. [A Cautious Case for Socialism, Dissent Magazine, 1978]
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|And now I am sitting in the graveyard, staring at two headstones, and feeling good and bad at the same time. The way we do when our own lives continue to unfold, but the lives that gave us life and others that gave our lives meaning have ended.
Sophocles, The Complete Greek Tragedies|CHORUS:You that live in my ancestral Thebes, behold this Oedipus,- him who knew the famous riddles and was a man most masterful; not a citizen who did not look with envy on his lot- see him now and see the breakers of misfortune swallow him!Look upon that last day always. Count no mortal happy till he has passed the final limit of his life secure from pain.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|Let us take you into a deeper experience, make a moment a lasting conveyable memory. Let us help build your tribe.
Jeff Ament|Halloween is fun, but it wasn't always my favorite holiday. I think Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday.
Richard Hughes|Despite my affection for subtext and plot and prose at its best... life, it turns out, is nothing more than the finer details.
Corey Ford, Where the Sea Breaks Its Back: The Epic Story - Georg Steller & the Russian Exploration of AK|The name Alaska is probably an abbreviation of Unalaska, derived from the original Aleut word agunalaksh, which means "the shores where the sea breaks its back." The war between water and land is never-ending. Waves shatter themselves in spent fury against the rocky bulwarks of the coast; giant tides eat away the sand beaches and alter the entire contour of an island overnight; williwaw winds pour down the side of a volcano like snow sliding off a roof, building to a hundred-mile velocity in a matter of minutes and churning the ocean into a maelstrom where the stoutest vessels founder.
Wayne W. Dyer|When you are able to shift your inner awareness to how you can serve others, and when you make this the central focus of your life, you will then be in a position to know true miracles in your progress toward prosperity.
Chevy Chase|Junooniyat for love but not necessarily from the romantic perspective. For me, that is for family, that is for my work. For me, both these things are very important, so there is junoon for people I love, which is my family, and my work, which I worship.
Kofi Annan|The best partnerships aren't dependent on a mere common goal but on a shared path of equality, desire, and no small amount of passion.
Sui Ishida, 東京喰種トーキョーグール:re 11 [Tokyo Guru:re 11]|Takizawa: something that was left in my care. give it back to Amon for me. see you, Goat's King.Kaneki: I'm not taking It.Takizawa: Its just a small chain and yet It feels so heavy to me... fine whatever.Kaneki: Takizawa, Its because you'r completely empty inside that if we don't tie you down with a chain you'll go off and die.
L.P. Donnelli, Back on Track|I don't care what your daddy told you. I don't care what your grandaddy told you. The South lost. Get over it man! -January, 2003; Opening lecture to Intro to Civil War Era Studies, Gettysburg College
Kelly White|You have to, take a deep breath. and allow the music to flow through you. Revel in it, allow yourself to awe. When you play allow the music to break your heart with its beauty.
Rachel Autumn Deering, Husk|He started to wonder if maybe they had been raptured while he was in school. He always worried the Lord would show up when he wasn't around. Or when he was on the toilet, taking care of a number two.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Poets do not go mad; but chess-players do. Mathematicians go mad, and cashiers; but creative artists very seldom. I am not, as will be seen, in any sense attacking logic: I only say that this danger does lie in logic, not in imagination.
J.I. Packer|The Puritan ethic of marriage was first to look not for a partner whom you do love passionately at this moment but rather for one whom you can love steadily as your best friend for life, then to proceed with God’s help to do just that.
Debasish Mridha|More often than not, how you give is more important than what you give.
Ella Minster|The adults said the only good food was the bacon, but the kids knew better. They had never had a more fun breakfast in their lives. Although they had to agree the bacon was very good. Then again, it was bacon. It was always good.
Jesus Christ|Therefore you too have grief now; but I will see you again, and your heart will rejoice, and no one will take your joy away from you.
David Lisak|As the incidence and fear of rape on college campuses have increased, the term rape has been generalized to mean 'misuse; diminish the effects of; steal; defeat': "I just went to the mall and raped my VISA." "My dad phoned this morning and raped my buzz." "She raped my coat." "Michigan got raped by Carolina in the NCAA final." The extension of the term rape to such contexts ameliorates the word and appears a denial on the part of college students of the seriousness of the crime.
Georgia Fox, The Virgin Proxy|The most terrifying aspect of human health is our refusal to take steps to help ourselves and the fact that we are so often responsible for our own demise through lack of positive action,
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Sex had been amazing, but it wasn't a magical cure for everything. Damn. Somewhere along the way, I'd picked up common sense.
Tanya Masse|Sometimes what makes us insecure and vulnerable becomes the fuel we need to be overachievers. The antidote for a snakebite is made from the poison, and the thing that made you go backward is the same force that will push you forward.
Daniel Sean Campbell, Josh Harper and the Enemy of Destiny|Waves gently caress the sand as they glide along the shore. Sunlight fills the sky; rocks float along the water and make waves that glisten as they ripple. I’m supposed to be happy but I’m not, it’s raining, and only I can see it.... It’s raining, and only I can see it”Excerpt From: Daniel Sean Campbell. “Josh Harper and The Enemy of Destiny.
Leif Enger, Peace Like a River|She was a logical child, as far as children go. She did not understand how such a nice, kind, good God as the one they preyed to, could condemn the whole earth for sinfulness and flood it, or condemn his only Son to a disgusting death on behalf of everyone. This death did not seem to have done much good.
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|Looking back, I realized that we were being raised to be schizophrenic; an appearance of perfection was more important than genuine feelings
Jane Wilson-Howarth|On life’s journey, every person met, every place, every new word, language, scent & sound changes the traveller a little: forms who they are and whom they become
Michael Moore|Each one dreams the dream of life in his own way. I have dreamed it in my library; and when the hour shall come in which I must leave this world, may it please God to take me from my ladder—from before my shelves of books!...
Aanchal Negi|Time passes by, memory staysTorturing silently, rest of our days... Sigh!
Edgar Allan Poe, The Masque of the Red Death|At bottom, you see, we are not Homo sapiens as all. Our core is madness. The prime directive is murder. What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle. And that is what the Pulse exposed five days ago.
Étienne Gilson|To create something new, knowledge is essentially required, but not academic degree.
Henry Miller, Sexus|This was the sort of ebullience and élan I prayed for when I felt the desire to write. I used to sit down and wait for this to happen. But it never did happen- not this way. It happened afterwards, sometimes when I had left the machine and gone for a walk. Yes, suddenly it would come on, like an attack, pell-mell, from every direction, a veritable inundation, an avalanche- and there I was, helpless, miles away from the typewriter, not a piece of paper in my pocket.
Luke Blaise Pereira|Taking a risk is something we do not for our mind but for how it makes us feels, emotions it brings, excitement it creates and I feel alive.
Andrea Cheng, The Year of the Book|Arya did not dare [take a bath], even though she smelled as bad as Yoren by now, all sour and stinky. Some of the creatures living in her clothes had come all the way from Flea Bottom with her; it didn’t seem right to drown them.
Nikita Deshpande, It Must've Been Something He Wrote|These outlanders are peculiar, aren’t they?"Longbow smiled faintly. "They seem to think that we’re the peculiar ones. Their lives are very complicated, but we try our best to keep everything simple. I’m not sure exactly why, but that seems to offend them for some reason.
David Foster Wallace|There is something magical to me about literature and fiction and I think it can do things not only that pop culture cannot do but that are urgent now: one is that by creating a character in a work of fiction you can allow a reader to leap over the wall of self and to allow him to imagine himself not only somewhere else but someone else in a way that television and movies, in a way that no other form can do. I think people are essentially lonely and alone and frightened of being alone.
Elie Wiesel, Night|My faceless neighbor spoke up:“Don’t be deluded. Hitler has made it clear that he will annihilate all Jews before the clock strikes twelve.”I exploded:“What do you care what he said? Would you want us to consider him a prophet?His cold eyes stared at me. At last he said, wearily:“I have more faith in Hitler than in anyone else. He alone has kept his promises, all his promises, to the Jewish people.
Shannon A. Thompson, July Lightning|A heroic act is not always followed by glory and parades and forever freedom,” she said. “It’s often small, disregarded, or forgotten. But it matters.
Voltaire|Things, relationship, and ideas are so transparently impermanent, we are ever made unhappy by them...Things are impermanent, they wear out and are lost; relationship is constant friction and death awaits; ideas and beliefs have no stability, no permanency. We seek happiness in them and yet do not realize their impermanency. So sorrow becomes our constant companion and overcoming it our problem.
Ray Bradbury|She placed a hand on his arm. “It’s not our fault, not truly. It’s theirs. The killers. They’re the ones who—”“Get down!” Caleb collided with her back, sending her crashing to the floor hard enough to knock the air from her chest. The windows shattered and the sounds of a city overtaken by chaos rushed in.
Walter Wink, The Powers That Be: Theology for a New Millennium|The day we mean what we say, even a “good morning” can be transformational!!!
Debasish Mridha|Moments of love is life, a life is for moments of love.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|Women secretly love to talk about their vaginas. They get very excited, mainly because no one has ever asked them before.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|She would not say of any one in the world that they were this or were that. She felt very young; at the same time unspeakably aged. She sliced like a knife through everything; at the same time was outside, looking on. She had a perpetual sense, as she watched the taxi cabs, of being out, far out to the sea and alone; she always had the feeling that it was very, very dangerous to live even one day. Not that she thought herself clever, or much out of the ordinary. How she had got through life on the few twigs of knowledge Fraulein Daniels gave them she could not think. She knew nothing; no language, no history; she scarcely read a book now, except memoirs in bed; and yet to her it was absolutely absorbing; all this; the cabs passing; and she would not say of Peter, she would not say of herself, I am this, I am that.
Sabrina Jeffries, Wed Him Before You Bed Him|Terence: As my old da used to tell me, 'never trust a rich man'.David: Good thing I'm only moderately rich.Terence: Which is why I only moderately distrust you.
Amit Abraham|BEWARE DON'T RUN AFTER A MIRAGEWe were happier when we were poor. We were happier when we did not have good food to eat or good clothes to wear. We were happier when we did not have a luxurious life. We were happier when we did not have our own house because we had a home, a family and understood, loved and lived for each other. I have failed to understand what we run after even when we have all.
Chris Evans|What's funny is that the idea of popularity - even the use of the word 'popular' - is something that had been mostly absent from my life since junior high. In fact, the hallmark of life after junior high seemed to be the shedding of popularity as a central concern.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Matthew 10:34“Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword.
Joel Osteen|I come from a family of very devout, praying people. That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn't be nationalistic or denominational. It should be a chief concern for all mankind.
Hiromu Arakawa|Men kill for many reasons, they steal but for one-greed.
Joyce Wycoff|Gratitude is a harbinger of healing, the first robin of spring.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When I open them, most of the books have the smell of an earlier time leaking out between the pages - a special odor of the knowledge and emotions that for ages have been calmly resting between the covers. Breathing it in, I glance through a few pages before returning each book to its shelf.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never be rigid on an action plan that always fails, freezes and frustrates. Perhaps what you need is a change of your methods you run with the peak velocity!
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|I can’t tell you what’s in all of God’s plans, but I do know part of them. He empowers you with reason and will. Those are your strengths. That’s what gives you the chance to be great in his sight. He gave you a mind and codes to live by so you could be in charge of your own actions.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|What the sick need is teachers not treaters, health schools not hospitals, instruction not treatment, education in right living not training the sick habit. Both they and their advisors must get rid of the curing idea and the practices built up thereon.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|Evelyn: There's nothing wrong with embracing one's emotions.Brittany: Mom, You don't just embrace your emotions, you make love to them hard-core.
Doris Day|Killing an animal to make a coat is sin. It wasn't meant to be, and we have no right to do it. A woman gains status when she refuses to see anything killed to be put on her back. Then she's truly beautiful.
Yotam Ottolenghi|People come up to me all the time and ask how I stay the way I am, and it's no secret. The first lesson a chef needs to learn is how to handle a knife; the second is how to be around all that food.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Heart|Life isn't static, and sometimes, we don't realize the value of knowledge or even of people, until further down the track, when we're mature enough to truly understand.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Many quote scripture, less study it, and even fewer live it. ~T.F. Hodge
Nicholas Proffitt, The Embassy House|Performance depends upon our actions an behaviors, which are activated by emotions, which are created when our MINDSET meets reality... Mindsets Matter Most
Farshad Asl|...The happy Warrior... is the generous Spirit, who, when brought among the tasks of real life, hath wrought upon the plan that pleased his boyish thought: whose high endeavors are an inward light that makes the path before him always bright.
Saul Macomber|I love you all.Not just the you that you show yourself as,but the you that is true.The you that is you.The you that is nothing else other than itself.
Napoléon Bonaparte|There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
Jody Shields, The Fig Eater|The doctor from the mainland came and went. Silence settled over the island again, like a displaced curtain falling back in thickened, heavier folds. For there was a different quality in the silence now. It had tasted something, rich food on which it had long been thinly rationed. Shadowy things were trooping up, called by that scent of blood, like flies that smell carrion. They were not strangers to the old house; they had been ill-fed and at a distance, now they were hungry and avid and near.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your time, you are investing your life.
Maximus Freeman|Allowance (non-judgmental, non-resistance to what Is) is a two-way street; our reaction to everyone and everything moving toward us and our reaction to our response moving forward...
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|If you do not question everything, you may never find the true answer, you will only find the answer everyone wants to believe.That it called being another sheep in the herd, that is why the people who question things are considered black sheep and the people who give you the answers, Wolves
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|At that very first kiss of my life I felt something melt inside me that hurt in an exquisite way. All my longings, all my dreams and sweet anguish, all the secrets that slept deep within my limbic brain came awake. I felt billions of Beach Boys playing their sweet melody inside my heart in perfect harmony with the universe.
Socrates|The sea answers all questions, and always in the same way; for when you read in the papers the interminable discussions and the bickering and the prognostications and the turmoil, the disagreements and the fateful decisions and agreements and the plans and the programs and the threats and the counter threats, then you close your eyes and the sea dispatches one more big roller in the unbroken line since the beginning of the world and it combs and breaks and returns foaming and saying: "So soon?" E. B. White "On A Florida Key
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception, not a defined destination.
Winston Churchill|A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|If you do not read the newspaper, the lack of knowledge will show. If you do read it, misconception of reality will prevail.
Ellen J. Barrier|Often times we allow ourselves to become impatient, by viewing God’s promises based on our human knowledge. Our thoughts and ways are irrelevant in his judgment to grant any of our requests. We need to have patience and trust in God for answers to our requests.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life, and Other Essays|On hearing of the interesting events which have happened in the course of a man's experience, many people will wish that similar things had happened in their lives too, completely forgetting that they should be envious rather of the mental aptitude which lent those events the significance they possess when he describes them ; to a man of genius they were interesting adventures; but to the dull perceptions of an ordinary individual they would have been stale, everyday occurrences.This is, in the highest degree, the case with many of Goethe's and Byron's poems, which are obviously founded upon actual facts; where it is open to a foolish reader to envy the poet because so many delightful things happened to him, instead of envying that mighty power of fantasy which was capable of turning a fairly common experience into something so great and beautiful.
Pema Chodran|It seems that, without clarity and honesty, we don't progress. We just stay stuck in the same vicious cycle. But honesty without kindness makes us feel grim and mean, and pretty soon we start looking like we've been sucking on lemons. We become so caught up in introspection that we lose any contentment or gratitude we might have had. The sense of being irritated by ourselves and our lives and other people's idiosyncrasies becomes overwhelming. That's why there's so much emphasis on kindness.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|A gracefully effortless floating, flowing and flying are the essentials of the ballet’s image of man.
Pamela Paul, My Life with Bob: Flawed Heroine Keeps Book of Books, Plot Ensues|Choosing a book is so gratifying, it’s worth dragging out the process, starting even before finishing the current one. As the final chapters approach, you can pile up the possibilities like a stack of travel brochures. You can lay out three books and let them linger overnight before making a final decision in the morning. You can Google the reviews; ask other people if they’ve read it, collect information. The choice may ultimately depend on the mood and the moment. ‘You have to read a book at the right time for you,’ Lessing also said, ‘and I am sure this cannot be insisted on too often, for it is the key to the enjoyment of literature.
|If the only thing that your partner consistently says about you, is how good you look, then you would be in a deep trouble, because there are countless of beautiful people all around the world. In other words, your partner would easily be distracted by someone who looks better than your physical appearance.
Ridley Scott|As a filmmaker, deep blacks are essential, and in my experience, no technology captures those attributes as well as Plasma.
Amit Kalantri|A certain way to have financial security in life is not enough savings, but enough ability.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Your call to power is to slow down and reflect within. Gather the peace within yourself before you go out and act among the world. The feel good feeling that lasts is only achieved when you yourself know peace. Nothing is more powerful. This is why you have the highs and lows, the mood swings, the transcendent ecstasy followed by the crash. It is because you have yet to develop a foundation of peace for yourself that acts as an unmovable anchor in your life. Establish this peace in your life and you will experience a whole new reality of the world that flows with you in every way possible, rather than against you.
Ellen J. Barrier|Life is a journey that have a lot different path, but any path u choose use it as your destiny.
Lobsang Tenzin|If you look at the human condition today, not everyone is well fed, has access to good medical care, or the physical basics that provide for a healthy and a happy life.
Orhan Pamuk, My Name is Red|What we essentially want is to draw something unknown to us in all its shadowiness, not something we know in all its illumination.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I realized I still had my eyes shut. I had shut them when I put my face to the screen, like I was scared to look outside. Now I had to open them. I looked out the window and saw for the first time how the hospital was out in the country. The moon was low in the sky over the pastureland; the face of it was scarred and scuffed where it had just torn up out of the snarl of scrub oak and madrone trees on the horizon. The stars up close to the moon were pale; they got brighter and braver the farther they got out of the circle of light ruled by the giant moon. I was off on a hunt with Papa and the uncles and I lay rolled in blankets Grandma had woven, lying off a piece from where the men hunkered around the fire as they passed a quart jar of cactus liquor in a silent circle. I watched that big Oregon prairie moon above me put all the stars around it to shame. I kept awake watching, to see if the moon ever got dimmer or the stars got brighter, till the dew commenced to drift onto my cheeks and I had to pull a blanket over my head.
Paulo Coelho|We love men because they can never fake orgasms, even if they wanted to.Because they write poems, songs, and books in our honor.Because they never understand us, but they never give up.Because they can see beauty in women when women have long ceased to see any beauty in themselves.Because they come from little boys.Because they can churn out long, intricate, Machiavellian, or incredibly complex mathematics and physics equations, but they can be comparably clueless when it comes to women.Because they are incredible lovers and never rest until we’re happy.Because they elevate sports to religion.Because they’re never afraid of the dark.Because they don’t care how they look or if they age.Because they persevere in making and repairing things beyond their abilities, with the naïve self-assurance of the teenage boy who knew everything.Because they never wear or dream of wearing high heels.Because they’re always ready for sex.Because they’re like pomegranates: lots of inedible parts, but the juicy seeds are incredibly tasty and succulent and usually exceed your expectations.Because they’re afraid to go bald.Because you always know what they think and they always mean what they say.Because they love machines, tools, and implements with the same ferocity women love jewelry.Because they go to great lengths to hide, unsuccessfully, that they are frail and human.Because they either speak too much or not at all to that end.Because they always finish the food on their plate.Because they are brave in front of insects and mice.Because a well-spoken four-year old girl can reduce them to silence, and a beautiful 25-year old can reduce them to slobbering idiots.Because they want to be either omnivorous or ascetic, warriors or lovers, artists or generals, but nothing in-between.Because for them there’s no such thing as too much adrenaline.Because when all is said and done, they can’t live without us, no matter how hard they try.Because they’re truly as simple as they claim to be.Because they love extremes and when they go to extremes, we’re there to catch them.Because they are tender they when they cry, and how seldom they do it.Because what they lack in talk, they tend to make up for in action.Because they make excellent companions when driving through rough neighborhoods or walking past dark alleys.Because they really love their moms, and they remind us of our dads.Because they never care what their horoscope, their mother-in-law, nor the neighbors say.Because they don’t lie about their age, their weight, or their clothing size.Because they have an uncanny ability to look deeply into our eyes and connect with our heart, even when we don’t want them to.Because when we say “I love you” they ask for an explanation.
Hamish Bowles|I really did put up all my wedding pictures on my website. And I swear to you, my wedding pictures got downloaded just as much as my bikini pictures.
Professor Markins aka  Engineer Gikundi|Most people forget that Wisdom can't thrive where there's no "Respect
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth. 
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|We may get knocked down on the outside, but the key to living in victory is to learn how to get up on the inside.
John Delaney|Cycling is good for people in all ways: their health, their well-being, and it does no damage to the environment. It can, however, be dangerous, and this has to be addressed.
Aravind Adiga|The key to organizing an alternative society is to organize people around what they can do, and more importantly, what they want to do.
Mario Andretti|Have you ever loved somebody, loved her completely, but had to end the relationship for life reasons?
Thomas Mann|For passion, like crime does not sit well with the sure order and even course of everyday life. It welcomes every loosening of the social fabric, every confusion and affliction visited upon the world, for passion sees in such a disorder a vague hope of finding advantage for itself.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I had to open my eyes, so I could see a new life!
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever|It is wrong to ask for more than you give freely. In this way, we come to resemble what we hate.
Thea Harrison, Moonshadow|I want to do everything to you, all at once,” he muttered. “I want to stroke you, fuck you, hold you down, lift you up, pin you, take you. I want you to take me. Lord and Lady, Sophie, I don’t know that I have any gentleness in me tonight.
Criss Jami|I swear it only hit me then, with full conscious force, who the real villains of this piece had been from start to finish…those lying, cancerous dogs of the mainstream media!
Irene Kassorla|Why always  "not yet"? Do flowers in spring say  "not yet"?
Muqtada al Sadr|If there is one thing I fear less than everything else, it is, I believe, persecution for my opinions. There are a good many points about which I may be diffident, but when it comes to questions of Truth and intellectual independence, there is no holding me - I can envisage no finer end than to sacrifice oneself for a conviction.
Franz Wright, God's Silence|And let me ask you this: the dead, where aren't they?
John Kasich, Every Other Monday: Twenty Years of Life, Lunch, Faith, and Friendship|The author concedes that the body of Christ may often judge wrongly , but he says that the judgment of the body as a whole is more sound that is one's ability to judge self objectively.
Holly Smale, Model Misfit|To be American is to be part of a dialogical and democratic operation that grapples with the challenge of being human in an open-ended and experimental manner. Although America is a romantic project in which a paradise, a land of dreams, is fanned and fueled with a religion of vast possibility, it is, more fundamentally, a fragile experiment-precious yet precarious-of dialogical and democratic human endeavor that yields forms of modern self-making and self-creating unprecedented in human history. From Thomas Jefferson to Elijah Muhammad, Geronimo to Dorothy Day, Jane Adams to Nathaniel West, it holds out the possibility of self-transformation and self-reliance to New World dwellers willing to start anew and recast themselves for the purpose of deliverance and betterment. This purpose requires only a restlessness, energy and boldness that galvanizes people to organize and mobilize themselves in a way that makes new opportunities and possibilities credible and worth the
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|If the world like it not, so much the worse for them.
Lucas Mangum, Dark of Night - Flesh and Fire|If this is dying, Chloe thought, I'd like to do it again sometime.
Bob Dylan|I failed to communicate, that's why I chose to leave
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Blessed are you, who mediate and believe in God’s Holy Scriptures.
Cat Winters, In the Shadow of Blackbirds|America is so rich and fat, because it has eaten the tragedy of millions of immigrants.
Timothy J. Keller|Father, I have sinned against heaven and before you. I am no longer worthy to be called your son. But the final rehearsed words, “Treat me as one of your hired servants” are smothered by his father’s embrace! He will not have his son home only on condition that he “does penance” in order to work his way back into his father’s grace. He does not need to “repent enough” to be accepted.Sinclair B. Ferguson. The Whole Christ (Kindle Locations 1913-1916). Crossway.
Collette West, Game Changer|I like imagining that he punished his body for me, torturing it into such spectacular shape, hoping that one day I'd be able to appreciate his efforts.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|You can donate marrow for her, Alice Faye, you can’t cure her. You can win a poker tournament, but that won’t make her want to live. So I’ll ask you again: Who are you, and what are you doing here? Because Munny sure doesn’t want you to be her, and she wants someone to be out in the world living since she’s got the market cornered on dying right now.
Alex  Harris|We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.
Taylor Mali|The memory is a muscle, the more you use it, the stronger it gets.
Laura Donnelly|I still read romance, and I read suspense. I read them both. And part of it is, I like stories with strong characters, and I like stories where there's closure at the end. And I like stories where there's hope. That's a kind of empowerment. I think romance novels are very empowering, and I think suspense novels are, too.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000–2016, with A Journal of a Writer's Week|Names have power... And he kept the one I gave him. My dear, sweet Jackaby. - Eleanor
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|...The next time I opened my eyes, I was in the morgue.This, all by itself, is enough to really ruin your day.I was lying on the examining table, and Butters, complete with his surgical gown and his tray of autopsy instruments, stood over me.'I'm not dead!' I sputtered. 'I'm not dead!'- Harry Dresden, Death Masks, Jim Butcher
Joe Biden|I've always wanted to race cars, ever since I was a young boy, as I think a lot of guys have.
Debasish Mridha|Despite all of the violence, suffering and wars, don’t forget to sing the song of love, harmony, and peace.
Sunday Adelaja|He smiles, even attractive, but appearances are unreliable depictions of character.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Lay a golden egg.After you built a nest,You wait for a leg.And you land next. Now you hope and pray.Expect for the best. Go on with no delay. Get it right at last.
Luther Burbank|The integrity of one's own mind is of infinitely more value than adherence to any creed or system. We must choose between a dead faith belonging to the past and a living, growing ever-advancing science belonging to the future.
Meir Soloveichik|I believe there are more films that involve love and forgiveness than violence, but they often seem fake and are almost embarrassing to watch.
Ogwo David Emenike|When it is impossible to stretch the very elastic threads of historical ratiocination any farther, when actions are clearly contrary to all that humanity calls right or even just, the historians produce a saving conception of ‘greatness.’ ‘Greatness,’ it seems, excludes the standards of right and wrong. For the ‘great’ man nothing is wrong, there is no atrocity for which a ‘great’ man can be blamed.
Barbara Honigmann, A Love Made Out of Nothing & Zohara's Journey|Then I probably fainted. The woman at the registration desk managed to put on a sympathetic expression afterward, as if she wanted to ask, "What are you going to do now?" I told her not to worry, I was really leaving, I was going home.But go home where? Without my children I no longer had a home.
Georgi Tenev, Party Headquarters|We did everything correctly, following the established plan approved by management!' Just as under socialism--we do and did everything correctly, yet life, the world, continues to collapse beneath our feet like a reactor that has entered a runaway state of nuclear meltdown. Is there any need to explain what those two great liberating words mean: chain reaction?
Tammy Wooster|Believe in yourself. You believe because you have faith. And because you have faith, you have courage to do.
|If worrying cannot get you out of a negative condition, liberate yourself from it by all means, and focus fully on finding solutions.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|So...Now that we got that over with, let's get back to love at first sight, Evan said. Not infatuation at first sight...Love. With a capital L, he clarified.Love? Heeb asked, playfully pretending not to know the concept.Yeah. The real thing. The conviction that if you had this one woman, all other women would become irrelevant. You'd never again be unhappy And you'd give up anything to have her and keep her.You've experienced that?Only once. And I haven't stopped thinking about it ever since.Tell me more.Sometimes I think that I still chase women just to forget about her. Because I know I can never have her. But I can't seem to forget about her, no matter what girl I'm chasing...No one can possibly compare....Who is she?Delilah, Evan said wistfully.Delilah?, asked Heeb, intriguedDelilah Nakova, Evan replied, with a hint of awe and reverence in his voice.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|At various points in our lives, or on a quest, and for reasons that often remain obscure, we are driven to make decisions which prove with hindsight to be loaded with meaning. (225)
Milly Taiden, Sharp Change|Chase's look was hot, wicked, and not appropriate for minors.
Mary Street, The Confession of Fitzwilliam Darcy|    Oh, devil, devil!If that the earth could teem with woman’s tears,Each drop she falls would prove a crocodile.Out of my sight!
Wendy Wasserstein|The trick. . .is to find the balance between the bright colors of humor and the serious issues of identity, self-loathing, and the possibility for intimacy and love when it seems no longer possible or, sadder yet, no longer necessary.
Patrick McGrath, Trauma|I often wondered how it would be to tramp off into the mountains and keep going until I was exhausted, then simply sink into the snow and fall asleep. Then the wolves could have me.To want to die in the forest and be eaten by wolves: another marker of incipient madness.
Karan Johar|The intuitive connection children feel with animals can be a tremendous source of joy. The unconditional love received from pets, and the lack of artifice in the relationship, contrast sharply with the much trickier dealings with members of their own species.
Richard Siken, War of the Foxes|Sauve qui peut. To survivewe’d all turn thiefand rascal, or so says the fox,with her coat of an elegant scoundrel,her white knife of a smile,who knows just where she’s going:to steal somethingthat doesn’t belong to her -some chicken, or one more chance,or other life.
Sarojini Naidu, The Golden Threshold|Truth is everywhere, and easily seen.Believing one’s eyesIs the difficulty.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Dream young. Don't settle for old - for to be old is to be superstitious and without curiosity and always questioning your faith. And be ferocious in your dreaming - run like a sun's explosion, and skip across bluing waves, and dance upon tips of swan feathers.
Stephanie Burgis, Courting Magic|For God’s sake, man!” Frederick Carlyle bellowed across the room. “At least wait until you’re alone before you kiss her, if you please! Remember, her family is watching you, and we haven’t had our dinner yet!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I seize the moment and create bliss, right now!
E.M. Forster, The Machine Stops|Few travelled in these days, for, thanks to the advance of science, the earth was exactly alike all over. Rapid intercourse, from which the previous civilization had hoped so much, had ended by defeating itself. What was the good of going to Peking when it was just like Shrewsbury? Why return to Shrewsbury when it would all be like Peking? Men seldom moved their bodies; all unrest was concentrated in the soul.
Jane Smiley|The coniferous forests of the Yosemite Park, and of the Sierra in general, surpass all others of their kind in America, or indeed the world, not only in the size and beauty of the trees, but in the number of species assembled together, and the grandeur of the mountains they are growing on.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|These two things are almost all I want, but unfortunately, neither one is my strong suit. I am very strong on blame, and wish this were one of God's values, but trust, surrender? Letting go, forgiveness? Maybe just after a period of prayer, but then when the mood passes and real life rears its ugly head again? Not so much. I hate this, the fact that life is usually Chutes and Ladders, with no guaranteed gains.I cannot will myself into having these qualities, so I have to pray for them more often, if I want to be happy. I have to create the habit, just as I had to do with daily writing, and flossing.
Robinne Lee, The Idea of You|To many, eternal love lasts forever. But for me, eternal love is not about duration. It is about a divine something which puts this life into something way beyond what is physical, what is timed, and what is measured.”Sophia to Michael
Kevin Focke, Bandorv: The Broken & Rotten|We treat what’s lost, what could have never been, what we could have never dreamed of, again. We treat it like heirlooms for it is so precious. For we know it can be lost, again.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|Life is not a matter of choices! Life is handed to you, a couple of cards that have cycled through the grimy hands of hundreds of players before you. There are no aces hidden up your sleeve. There is no shortcut to success and happiness. Sleight of hand will only earn you a bloody nose and a thrashing in the alley outback. So instead, you play the few good cards you have and do what you can with the bad, and you play fair. There is no choice.
Steve Thomas, This Old House Guide to American Houses|Steve Thomas Rooney embraces a simple concept of providing a hand up versus a hand out to families in need. We are deeply grateful to volunteers, donors and other supporters around the world who help us with this life-changing work
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe there is an obedience to the Gospel, there is a self-denial and a bearing of the cross, if you are to be a follower of Christ. Being a Christian is a serious business.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Master thyself, seek to know thy soul.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Irrespective of what religious or intellectual philosophy guides an enlightened person’s life plan, self-mastery plays an important, if not quintessential role.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|To will is to put your emotion into your desire. Simply wanting is not desire, it is merely an undirected thought with no purpose but to pass the time.
Carl Sandburg|A man must find time for himself. Time is what we spend our lives with. If we are not careful we find others spending it for us. . . . It is necessary now and then for a man to go away by himself and experience loneliness; to sit on a rock in the forest and to ask of himself, 'Who am I, and where have I been, and where am I going?' . . . If one is not careful, one allows diversions to take up one's time—the stuff of life.
Gwen Hayes, Dreaming Awake|Just remember, a dark shadow need light to exist but light doesn't need darkness to be luminous.
David Edison, The Waking Engine|Time is more than life, it is afterlife.
Douglas Haig|We used to wonder where war lived, what it was that made it so vile. And now we realize that we know where it lives... inside ourselves.
Ranata Suzuki|I still remember that feeling of walking somewhere confidently, seeing him mid stride and putting my foot down just fine… but feeling like I stumbled.
Ma Jun|On April 16, 2010, 34 Chinese environmental organizations, including Friends of Nature, the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs, and Green Beagle, questioned heavy metal pollution in a letter sent to CEO Steve Jobs.
Kare Anderson, Getting What You Want: 2how to Reach Agreement and Resolve Conflict Every Time|Why is it women can never let a man have any fun, they just want to fuss about something.” “They’re practical” Austin said, shaking off some of the water droplets from his hair. “We live in the moment and they think about what’s coming. If they didn’t keep us in check, we’d fuck up the planet”.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|I am encouraged as I look at some of those who have listened to their "different drum": Einstein was hopeless at school math and commented wryly on his inadequacy in human relations. Winston Churchill was an abysmal failure in his early school years. Byron, that revolutionary student, had to compensate for a club foot; Demosthenes for a stutter; and Homer was blind. Socrates couldn't manage his wife, and infuriated his countrymen. And what about Jesus, if we need an ultimate example of failure with one's peers? Or an ultimate example of love?
Le Corbusier|Prose is architecture, not interior decoration, and the Baroque is over.
Cornelius  Moore, The Club|You’re sure this is what you want?” I search her eyes for doubt, fear, uncertainty, but all I see is that fire. Ten hells“I’m sure”“Then I’ll find a way
Debasish Mridha|If your glass is half empty, fill it up to be full.
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|Bunnu was no amateur when it came to escape. And even in his drowsiest moments, he understood implicitly that to forget his circumstances, even for a short while, meant first to forget himself. Who he was and why he was—to strip it all bare and start from scratch, as it were. In his nearly 250 years of life and, now, as an old emaciated man completely estranged from his family and closest friends—albeit more by circumstance than by choice—he understood the importance of this process and revered it, for there were far greater things to be done and achieved in the dark, uncertain areas of existence than in those circumscribed—and thereby strained—by comprehensibility.
David Louden, White Mexicans|Moving provides meaning for our humble (if still vicious) life of four-dimensional existence. Four-dimensional existence makes the frightening fox hunt into an entertainment, or war into a pastime or a sport. Even when evil is dull and monotonous, there tends to be a lot of movement, action and entertainment involved. Maybe movies are evil.
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|Research shows that what works and is healthy for adults also works well for children, if adjusted to be age-appropriate. Children, like adults, do not suffer from a deficiency of white sugar, white flour, junk food, or processed foods. A growing child as well as an adult is hurt by junk foods and benefited by healthy foods.
S.J. Watson|And yet we were very much alike; we’d lost our souls, and we were ready to destroy others.
Arthur Koestler, Darkness at Noon|What are we having this liberty for? We are having this liberty in order to reform our social system, which is full of inequality, discrimination and other things, which conflict with our fundamental rights.
David Sedaris, Theft by Finding: Diaries 1977-2002|I noticed that the [drawing] teacher didn't tell people much... Instead, he tried to inspire us to experiment with new approaches. I thought of how we teach physics: We have so many techniques - so many mathematical methods - that we never stop telling the students how to do things. On the other hand, the drawing teacher is afraid to tell you anything. If your lines are very heavy, the teacher can't say, "Your lines are too heavy." because *some* artist has figured out a way of making great pictures using heavy lines. The teacher doesn't want to push you in some particular direction. So the drawing teacher has this problem of communicating how to draw by osmosis and not by instruction, while the physics teacher has the problem of always teaching techniques, rather than the spirit, of how to go about solving physical problems.
DR MUHAMMED|Am specialized in ;Lost lover recovering, troubled marriage, misunderstanding in family, get loved / married, Financial problem, bad debts, boosting business, bank or money lender problems, luck charm/sticks or ring, I cure madness/stress/addictions/long illnesses . , quick divorce/ stop divorce, stop your lover from cheating and sleeping around, attract a New Love by any one u feel like, get your ex lover back in just days. 3. Unemployment, Job promotion, Better/double pay, be liked at work/friends and family. 4. Court cases, spiritual protection from thieves, accidents and witch craft/bad evils. 5. Bad luck, Bewitched people, Cleaning homes/farms from evil spirits or Evil, Success spell in lotto. 6. Get your lost/Stolen properties or family members, 7. Revenge spell for someone who did bad things to you. 8. Do you have misunderstanding with your lover and you want to end it? 9.Heals women's problems of barrenness, disturbing menstruation, abnormally long pregnancies etc. 10.Heals Men's Problems of Low man power, (libido) Small Size of your Man Hood Contact me: +27780625732Email: drmuhammedmukisa@gmail.com
Marie Lu, Prodigy|I see ghosts like you see a normal person. Looking regular, tangible as ever and even more alive than most of the people you’ll see walking around the streets.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|You are most beautiful in your purest form. You are a manifestation of God himself. Open your eyes and let the light flow right through to your core. All it takes is for you to notice a flicker of leaves, a momentary glance from a loved one, or for a wave to hit your toes and freeze you in that timeless place where you know with every cell in your body that God, indeed is real.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Friends are a strange, volatile, contradictory, yet sticky phenomenon. They are made, crafted, shaped, molded, created by focused effort and intent. And yet, true friendship, once recognized, in its essence is effortless.Best friends are formed by time.Everyone is someone's friend, even when they think they are all 
Rebecca Ferguson|Sometimes I get extremely disturbed with the things that are written. But you can't do anything about it. As a celebrity, you are putting yourself out there to be judged, and that's fine. I am now learning not to get affected by such things. I am building my career and making choices that I think are right while minding my own business.
Debasish Mridha|Today you have added another candle of knowledge and wisdom to your life. May it give you the power to enlighten the whole world. On your birthday, I wish you joy and happiness.
Osric Chau|I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|Jessamine recoiled from the paper as if it were a snake. "A lady does not read the newspaper. The society pages, perhaps, or the theater news. Not this filth.""But you are not a lady, Jessamine---," Charlotte began."Dear me," said Will. "Such harsh truths so early in the morning cannot be good for the digestion.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|It all comes down to this: when you recognise your loneliness in another person, when you see desperation so familiar to yours written across someone else, you can’t just let them leave.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Meg Rosoff, How I Live Now|If you haven't been in a war and are wondering how long it takes to get used to losing everything you think you need or love, I can tell you the answer is no time at all.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|On that same tour we ran into a band at Aylesbury Friars, a biggish venue in Oxfordshire, England. They were a four-piece from Ireland called U2. They seemed like nice fellows and they sounded pretty good, but we didn’t keep in touch. They’re probably taxi drivers and accountants by now.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|Darkness does something to a place, doesn’t it? It distorts. It becomes a canvas for the imagination. The good news is that shadows are only the deflection of light. They can frighten, but they can do no harm.
Pauline Gedge, Child of the Morning|As he took them in his arms, the crying of the babies permeated the night like a trail of blood calling out to a predator.
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|Virtues, talents and unique selling points are all what makes great people.
Josh Billings|It is an amazing feature in the French character that they will let themselves be led away so easily by bad counsels and yet return again so quickly. It is certain that as these people have, out of their misery, treated us so well, we are the more bound to work for their happiness.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Brrr, who had never admired books particularly...didn't remember that a mere book might reek of sex, possibility, fecundity. Yet a book has a ripe furrow and a yielding spine, he thought, and the nuances to be teased from its pages are nearly infinite in their variety and coquettish appeal. And what new life can emerge from a book. Any book, maybe.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|In many areas of life, freedom is not so much the absence of restrictions as finding the right ones, the liberating restrictions. Those that fit with the reality of our nature and the world produce greater power and scope for our abilities and a deeper joy and fulfillment. Experimentation, risk, and making mistakes bring growth only if, over time, they show us our limits as well as our abilities. If we only grow intellectually, vocationally, and physically through judicious constraints–why would it not also be true for spiritual and moral growth? Instead of insisting on freedom to create spiritual reality, shouldn’t we be seeking to discover it and disciplining ourselves to live according to it?
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics / Orthodoxy: Nelson's Royal Classics|He has come to the most dreadful conclusion a literary man can come to, the conclusion that the ordinary view is the right one. It is only the last and wildest kind of courage that can stand on a tower before ten thousand people and tell them that twice two is four.
Starley Ard, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream that I would be successful and happy in life…I woke up running out of breath, because I’ve been chasing this dream for quite a while now.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I have never bought into the idea that blood is thicker than water. Love and respect are meant to be earned from our children, our spouses, our families, and our friends.
Rachel Hilary Brown, Defusing Hate: A Strategic Communication Guide to Counteract Dangerous Speech|He blamed every fucker available excepting, of course, the one who was actually to blame, the one sitting in his saddle and getting colder, hungrier, and more lost with every unpleasant moment. ‘Shit!’ he roared at nothing.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|For the devil has no power . . . except in the dark." - Madame Dorothea
Carsten Jensen|... The women's song was always the same, as monotonous as the beating of the waves against the beach: loss, loss. The conch offered them no enchantment. When they put their ear to it, all they heard was the echo of their mourning.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|When the star dies, Its eye closes; tired of watching, It flies back to its first bright dream.
Babette James, Clear As Day|I’ve never quite mastered the art of holding my liquor,” she replied. He watched her root around in her purse a moment, before pulling out a tube of lip balm.As Jonas watched her apply it, he nearly got distracted from her answer. Leaning forward, Jonas murmured, “Can’t hold your liquor, huh?”She replaced the cap and dropped it back into her purse. “Not so much. I tend to get a bit too happy.”His eyebrows shot up and his cock came to full-alert status. Happy--he liked the sound of that. “And that’s a bad thing?”To his utter shock, Deanna blushed. “In my case it is.”Curiosity got the better of him. “Care to explain?”The waiter returned with the check, forcing Jonas to drop the conversation while he fished out his credit card. Once they were alone again, Jonas waited, hoping Deanna would go into more detail. She didn’t disappoint him. “All my inhibitions disappear. It’s not a comfortable feeling for me.”She was killing him. An immediate picture of a carefree Deanna sprang to mind. He liked it a hell of a lot. “Most people enjoy letting it all hang out every once in a while. Taking life too seriously leads to an early grave.” “Maybe, but if I suddenly develop the urge, I’d rather be coherent.”“You don’t like to give up control,” he surmised.She cocked her head to the side, as if unsure how to respond at first. “It’s not that,” she said. “I guess if I’m in the mood to go romping naked through a forest, for example, then I don’t want alcohol to blur the memorable event for me.” She laughed. “I mean, I’d want to remember a crazy moment like that. Wouldn’t you?”No doubt about it, Jonas liked the way the lady’s mind worked. “You had me at ‘running naked’.” Deanna snorted. “You need serious help.
Harrish Sairaman|But one thing is the thought, another thing is the deed, and another thing is the idea of the deed. The wheel of causality doth not roll between them.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Photographs that depict suffering shouldn't be beautiful, as captions shouldn't moralize.
Megyn Kelly|People have told me, 'My dad passed on, but I have great memories of watching your shows with him.' It doesn't get any better than that.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|Love is many things, none of them logical.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|It was one of those brief spells of complete happiness that come once in a rare while, an unlooked for gift of God, when the forces of darkness, of sorrow and temptation seem miraculously held back, a breathing space in the battle.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I guess that's what saying good-bye is always like--like jumping off an edge. The worst part is making the choice to do it. Once you're in the air, there's nothing you can do but let go.
Joan Rivers|When the child begins to think and to make use of the written language to express his rudimentary thinking, he is ready for elementary work; and this fitness is a question not of age or other incidental circumstance but of mental maturity.
Kate Meader, Playing with Fire|One o’ clock. With her fork she would tantalize the heart of an adoring artichoke, while her escort served himself up in the thick, dripping sentences of an enraptured man. Four o’clock: her little feet moving to melody, her face distinct in the crowd, her partner happy as a petted puppy and mad as the immemorial hatter…
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|[re: the social ethics of Christianity]"...the doctrine that imagined heaven on earth is necessary for rigorous attempts to remove present evil, would at once reveal its absurdity. Hungry men seek food and sick men healing nonetheless because they know that after the meal or the cure the ordinary ups and downs of life still await them. I am not, of course, discussing whether very drastic changes in our social system are, or are not, desirable; I am only reminding the reader that a particular medicine is not to be mistaken for the elixir of life.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|I wasn’t a class clown, because my parents were very strict and because nuns in general have no sense of humor. I mean zero, zip, nada. I wasted some of my best stuff on those old hags! Look at these knuckles - those are ruler marks, and they’re still visible all these years later. But I could usually get out of trouble at home if I could get my mom laughing. That’s a huge ace up your sleeve as a kid.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I thought I would die without you.Lol, silly me.
Zach Wamp|As a former professional patient advocate, I believe prescription drugs are an essential part of high-quality medical treatment, and I supported enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug and Modernization Act.
Toni Servillo|It's my job to know what's available from every retailer, catalog, website, antiques mall, and craftsperson. A good designer or decorator has to have an almost encyclopedic knowledge.
Lawrence G. Taylor, Strangers In Another Country|You must understand, owing to my loss of faith in life, I had gradually, inevitably embarked upon a small world of my creation.
Shawn T. Smith, The Woman's Guide to How Men Think: Love, Commitment, and the Male Mind|One thing is clear to me: we, as human beings, must be willing to accept people who are different from ourselves.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|It was a year for the ages, like 79, like 1346, to name just a few. Forget the scythe, Goddamn it, I needed a broom or a mop. And I needed a vacation. 
Samantha Armstrong|Silently he traces out a new constellation, one only he knows. One with Noemi at the very heart.
Oscar Wilde, Complete Poetry|Disappear! I scream the word in my mind, queen of the desolate landscape therein, ordering her ragged troops to a last stand.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|At Jenna's questioning glance, he explained, "As the White Rider, I used to wear all white. Few people here have ever seen me dressed in any other way. I wouldn't wonder that most of them could be standing right in front of me, wearing these clothes, and not even look twice."	Jenna grinned at him. "Not if they're female, they won't. I doubt there's a woman alive who would not look twice at you, babe."	He snorted, absurdly pleased by the flattery, although he tried not to show it. "We'll just have to try and stay away from women, then, won't we?
Raphael Zernoff|We truly help others working on ourselves. When it comes from the knowledge that the only power we have is over our own choices, we do not struggle taking responsibility for what is not ours to be responsible for. When we choose to be happy our joy works like a lighthouse. The lighthouse does never guide ships to its own light. It always leads them to the safe harbour. Yet it is their choice, whether they want to follow the light or something else.
Livia Blackburne, Dalle parole al cervello|Storytellers don't show, they tell. I'm sticking with that.
Joseph Conrad|Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|In truth, the crossing from nature to culture and vice versa has always stood wide open. It leads across an easily accessible bridge: the practising life. People have committed themselves to its construction since they came into existence - or rather, people only came into existence by applying themselves to the building of said bridge. The human being is the pontifical creature that, from its earliest evolutionary stages, has created tradition-compatible connections between the bridgeheads in the bodily realm and those in cultural programes. From the start, nature and culture are linked by a broad middle ground of embodied practices - containing languages, rituals and technical skills, in so far as these factors constitute the universal forms of automatized artificialities. This intermediate zone forms a morphologically rich, variable and stable region that can, for the time being, be referred to sufficiently clearly with such conventional categories as education, etiquette, custom, habit formation, training and exercise - without needing to wait for the purveyors of the 'human sciences', who, with all their bluster about culture, create the confusion for whose resolution they subsequently offer their services.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...all winter the acorns and red Maple leaf moldered in silence - in the same way grief is gnawing at me - slowly, imperceptibly... consuming...
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Thought we explained, but it does matter how that is understood. Is to say - you are not done until you done!
Debasish Mridha|People fall in love with you not because they admire you, it is because they found their desires inside of you.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Passion to a person is what gas is to a car. Without it, you won't go anywhere!
Daphne du Maurier|I feel it's all wrong to be nervous," said Maria. "I feel it's lack of confidence. One ought to go right ahead, never minding.""Some people do," he said, "but they're the duds. They are the ones that win prizes at school, and you never hear of them again. Go on. Be nervous. Be ill. Be sick down the lavatory pan. It's part of your life from now on. You've got to go through with it. Nothing's worth while if you don't fight for it first, if you haven't a pain in your belly beforehand.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Opportunity is present is wreckage as much as it is in that which is wonderful. It’s not so much how it comes to us, but what we do with it.
George Eldon Ladd, A Theology of the New Testament|The mission of Jesus brought not a new teaching but a new event. It brought to people an actual foretaste of the eschatological salvation. Jesus did not promise the forgiveness of sins; he bestowed it. He did not simple assure people of the future fellowship of the Kingdom; he invited them into fellowship with himself as the bearer of the Kingdom. He did not merely promise them vindication in the day of judgment; he bestowed upon them the status of a present righteousness. He not only taught an eschatological deliverance from physical evil; he went about demonstrating the redeeming power of the Kingdom, delivering people from sickness and even death.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|Unfortunately, he still hadn’t asked for my number, or a date, or my hand in marriage, and my drink was getting low.
Tim Challies, The Next Story: Life and Faith after the Digital Explosion|We deliberately forget because forgetting is a blessing. On both an emotional level and a spiritual level, forgetting is a natural part of the human experience and a natural function of the human brain. It is a feature, not a bug, one that saves us from being owned by our memories. Can a world that never forgets be a world that truly forgives?
Michael Ignatieff|I didn't come into politics to have to deal with the issue of clandestine entry, illegal working, or an asylum system that allows a free run for right-wing bigots.
Michele Jennae|Yes, you are creative and in slow, languid times, creativity peers out of your soul like a field mouse from its burrow at night.
David Lynch|People spend time worrying about things they think they have to have and lose perception of what they do have. You can have all the money and material things you want. If you aren't here to enjoy them, what good do they do?
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|... truth, whose mother is history, who is the rival of time, depository of deeds, witness of the past, example and lesson to the present, and warning to the future.
Benjamin Markovits|Falling in love is like seeing the ocean for the very first time, when all of your life you've been stepping in puddles.
V.S. Carnes|Caine might have smiled at her, had his heart not been breaking to smithereens inside of him.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|Just to keep the bad dreams at bay, she took a swig out of a bottle that smelled of apples and happy brain-death.
Sade Andria Zabala, War Songs|I said I love youwhen what I meant to say was"I’m afraid of being alone."I said I need youwhen what I meant to say was"I need to learn how to love myself.
Umberto Eco, Travels in Hyperreality|Once upon a time there were mass media, and they were wicked, of course, and there was a guilty party. Then there were the virtuous voices that accused the criminals. And Art (ah, what luck!) offered alternatives, for those who were not prisoners to the mass media.Well, it's all over. We have to start again from the beginning, asking one another what's going on.
Eloisa James, The Ugly Duchess|Like fashion, torture comes in a variety of styles.
Anthony Jay|The uncreative mind can spot wrong answers, but it takes a very creative mind to spot wrong questions.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|You see, dear—I think there are two types of people in the world. Those who divide the world up into two kinds of people... and those who don't.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care.
Theresa  Smith|With great love comes occasions of pain. You can't skip the pain; without it, you would never know what a precious thing love is. You wouldn't know to hang onto it. You wouldn't know to fight for it. You embrace the pain because the love makes it all worthwhile.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you have answers to the “whys”, it will direct you to the “hows”. As simple as that!
Lori Lansens, The Mountain Story|The most successful people in the most impossible situations are the ones that are sure they're gonna get out of it, and they go on thinking that, even if they die trying.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|Well," Mr. Cheeseman interjected. "Perhaps there's an easy solution to this. Maybe Captain Fabulous has an alter ego.""What's an alter ego?" asked Gerard."It's a superhero's true but secret identity," said Chip. "You know, the way that Superman is really Clark Kent." "Superman is really Clark Kent?""It's pretty obvious," said Penny. "To everyone but you and Lois Lane.""Okay," Gerard conceded. "Captain Fabulous's alter ego will be...Teddy Roosevelt.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector: Thomas|No such thing as time travel, he'd rumbled patiently, once. Only live with what you've done, and try in the future to do what you're happy to live with.
Patricia Briggs, Fair Game|When he grew up, he wanted to be like Charles.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|When you’re always scheming about ways to make money, it’s like a part of you is lost.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|And now—our love is so true, I won’t take a step without you. Thank God, you came. If you love me, please don’t ever let me go.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|To the heads of the new Islamic State, their God was money and power on earth.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Oh, well, she decided as her eyes began to close, it is better to love foolishly than to hate bitterly. I hope I am wiser than I was and more kind.
Taiaiake Alfred, Wasáse: Indigenous Pathways of Action and Freedom|I was astonished by his complete lack of self-pity. Morrie, who could no longer dance, swim, bathe, or walk; Morrie, who could no longer answer his own door, dry himself after a shower, or even roll over in bed. How could he be so accepting? I watched him struggle with a fork, picking at a piece of tomato, missing it the first two times - a pathetic scene, and yet I could not deny that sitting in his presence was almost magically serene, the same calm breeze that soothed me back in college.
Monika Basile, Quietly Crazy|When you divorce someone, you divorce their whole family, Madeline had told her once.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Tree|At ChristmasA man is at his finest towards the finish of the year;He is almost what he should be when the Christmas season's here;Then he's thinking more of others than he's thought the months before,And the laughter of his children is a joy worth toiling for.He is less a selfish creature than at any other time;When the Christmas spirit rules him he comes close to the sublime.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If working-hours were natural, then employed men would only get erections between 5 p.m. and 9 a.m. … during the week.
bell hooks|When a child can be brought to tears, and not from fear of punishment, but from repentance he needs no chastisement. When the tears begin to flow from the grief of their conduct you can be sure there is an angel nestling in their heart.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|We pray to obey God, not to 'play God'. We pray, not to change God's mind, but to change our own; not to command God, but to let God command us. We pray to 'let God be God'. Prayer is our obedience to God even when it asks God for things, for God has commanded us to ask (Mt. 7:7).
Richard Diaz|The freedom of patient speech is necessary if the doctor is to get clues about the medical enigma before him. If the patient is inhibited, or cut off prematurely, or constrained into one path of discussion, then the doctor may not be told something vital. Observers have noted that, on average, physicians interrupt patients within eighteen seconds of when they begin telling their story.
Daniel Quinn, Beyond Civilization: Humanity's Next Great Adventure|We know we are a species obsessed with itself and its own past and origins. We know we are capable of removing from the sanctuary of the earth shards and fragments, and gently placing them in museums. Great museums in great cities—the hallmarks of civilisation.
Joan Baez|As more women 'lean in' and we collectively continue to fight sexism, there's another barrier to progress that hasn't been addressed: Many men who would like to see more women leaders are afraid to speak up about it.
Henry James, The Ambassadors|Live all you can: it's a mistake not to. It doesn't matter what you do in particular, so long as you have had your life. If you haven't had that, what have you had?
Jen Calonita, Paparazzi Princess|You're supposed to raise your friends up, not be happy when they fail.
Kahlil Gibran|You were born together, and together you shall be forevermore.You shall be together when the white wings of death scatter your days.Ay, you shall be together even in the silent memory of God.But let there be spaces in your togetherness,And let the winds of the heavens dance between you.Love one another, but make not a bond of love:Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup.Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loafSing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone,Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping.For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts.And stand together yet not too near together:For the pillars of the temple stand apart,And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.
R.C. Sproul, Pleasing God|The theater of God’s redemption is this world. It is to this world that God came in Christ. Christ refused to allow His disciples to hide in an upper room with the doors locked because of fear. No tabernacles were allowed on the Mount of Transfiguration. We are called to be Christ’s witnesses in Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, and to the ends of the earth (Acts 1:8). Jerusalem is in this world. Judea is in this world. Samaria is in this world. The ends of the earth are still on this earth. So we should not flee this world. But, oh, how many Christians try to do so. And in doing so, they may actually be displeasing the God who wants the world to be redeemed, not escaped.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|I want to support these people. The west has always been fairly colorblind, too.""Oh?" Mek prompted me for clarification."Our least prejudiced region." I shook the bag of cat chow. "Heck, I shouldn't have been afraid of those ladies being harsh on robots. They didn't worry about me dissing their lifestyle."I ended up explaining some more.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Zen is the purest of meditations: just sit silently, doing nothing.
Charlotte Brontë|If we regard the state as the father, and the citizens as children, there are three alternatives. First, the father may be bad and despotic:this, most people will agree, was the case in Czarist Russia. Second, the father may be good, but somewhat tyrannical; this is the way the Communist governments in Russia and China picture themselves. Third, the father may not act as a father at all, for the children have grown up, and there is mutual respect among them. All are now governed by the same rules of behavior (laws): this is the Anglo-American concept of nonpaternalistic humanism and liberty under law.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Images flashed through his mind. He saw Nico and his sister on a snowy cliff in Maine, Percy Jackson protecting them from a manticore. Percy's sword gleamed in the dark. He'd been the first demigod Nico had ever seen in a
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wherever you visit, let the place you visit remembers you well!
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I no longer feel any allegiance to these monsters called human beings, despise being one myself.
Ken Liu, The Man Who Ended History: A Documentary|The fact that we can never have complete, perfect knowledge does not absolve us of the moral duty to judge and to take a stand against evil.
Matthew Flaming, The Kingdom of Ohio|If you help them (the crew) create good memories, they'll forget all the bad stuff
T.S. Eliot, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock|I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each. I do not think that they will sing to me.
John Milton|Here at lastWe shall be free;the Almighty hath not builtHere for his envy, will not drive us hence:Here we may reign secure, and in my choiceTo reign is worth ambition though in Hell:Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|There is only one thing to do when you meet the Living God; you must fall on your face and repent of your sins. Repentance is bittersweet business; Repentance is not just a conversion exercise -- it is the posture of the Christian, much like 'tree' or 'full lotus' is the posture of the Yogi. Repentance is our daily fruit, our hourly washing, our minute by minute wake-up call; our reminder of God's creation, Jesus' blood, and the Holy Spirit's comfort. Repentance is the only no shame solution to a renewed Christian conscience, because it only proves the obvious: God was right all along.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|But nobody wanted to speak on the true disposition of the world. And no one wanted to hear it...The whites came to this land for a fresh start and to escape the tyranny of their masters, just as the Freeman had fled theirs. But the ideals they held up for themselves, they denied others. Cora had heard Michael recite the Declaration of Independence back on the Randall plantation many times, his voice drifting through the village like an angry phantom. She didn't understand the words, most of them at any rate, but created equal was not lost on her. The white men who wrote it didn't understand it either, if all men did not truly mean all men. Not if they snatched away what belonged to other people, whether it was something you could hold in your hand, like dirt, or something you could not, like freedom.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do you feel when you want to stand and you see yourself on the floor?Sometimes what God will ask you to do will knock you down.What do you do when God says rise and He pushes you down?How do you feel when very many will become I alone? How do you feel when all the people you told your secrets sale you out?How do you feel when your confidant becomes your betrayal?How do you feel when the person you thought will push you forward told you, I know you will fail?Do you still remember that the bible says that not even a hair will pull of you without being noticed by God? Have you not heard that the steps of a righteous man are ordered by God?How do you handle disappointments?In every situation you find yourself, give God the glory.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you can only believe, God will restore your life and the lives of others around you
Philip Yancey, The Jesus I Never Knew|Whatever you may believe about it, the birth of Jesus was so important that it split history into two parts. Everything that has ever happened on this planet falls into a category of before Christ or after Christ.
Nuno Roque|There's always something we don't know anything about." she said. "More than we like to admit. The more we discover, the more we realize we don't fully understand. Our world, our solar system, the universe... it all adds up. I mean, when you think about it-- do we even know that much about ourselves?
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|My fore-parts, as you so ineloquently put it, have names.”I pointed to my right breast. “This is Danger.” Then my left. “And this is Will Robinson. I would appreciate it if you addressed them accordingly.” After a long pause in which he took the time to blink several times, he asked, “You named your breasts?”I turned my back to him with a shrug. “I named my ovaries, too, but they don’t get out as much.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|You can either be the victim of your own life, or the victor".
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It is impossible to say how far the present value of money depends on its monetary employment and how far on its industrial employment. When the institution of money was first established, the industrial basis of the value of the precious metals may have preponderated; but with progress in the monetary organization of economic life the monetary employment has become more and more important. It is certain that nowadays the value of gold is largely supported by its monetary employment, and that its demonetization would affect its price in an overwhelming fashion.
Sylvia Plath|Because now people use the phrase OCD to describe minor personality quirks. "Oooh, I like my pens in a line, I'm so OCD."NO YOU'RE FUCKING NOT."Oh my God, I was so nervous about that presentation, I literally had a panic attack."NO YOU FUCKING DIDN'T."I'm so hormonal today. I just feel totally bipolar."SHUT UP, YOU IGNORANT BUMFACE.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, The Visible and the Invisible|...the real is coherent and probable because it is real, not real because it is coherent...
Debasish Mridha|Before we can change the world, we have to change ourselves. We can do it by focusing, concentrating, meditating, and self-realizing.
Jay Woodman|Try to forgive by trying to understand how it would feel to be in the other’s shoes. If someone hurts you – ask them - “What hurts you so much that you would do this?” Listen to the answer and try to understand what is valid for them. They may have been fighting for your attention, but no one thinks of themselves as attackers, only defenders! So don’t judge their ways, only set them free by giving them a chance to speak. You may both learn a lot from your kindness and courage in asking for the truth. But even if nothing changes, release it, remember that you both have a right to be who you choose to be. When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, so ask if you seek to understand, or simply let them be!
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64
Annette Kolodny, Lay of the Land: Metaphor as Experience and History in American Life and Letters|In fact, the advocates of People's Park had asserted another version of what is probably America's oldest and most cherished fantasy: a daily reality of harmony between man and nature based on an experience of the land land as essentially feminine - that is not simply the land as mother, but the land as woman, the total female principle of gratification - enclosing the individual in an environment of receptivity, repose, and painless and integral satisfaction.
Jacques Derrida|Well,' said Can o' Beans, a bit hesitantly,' imprecise speech is one of the major causes of mental illness in human beings.'Huh?'Quite so. The inability to correctly perceive reality is often responsible for humans' insane behavior. And every time they substitute an all-purpose, sloppy slang word for the words that would accurately describe an emotion or a situation, it lowers their reality orientations, pushes them farther from shore, out onto the foggy waters of alienation and confusion.'The manner in which the other were regarding him/her made Can O' Beans feel compelled to continue. 'The word neat, for example, has precise connotations. Neat means tidy, orderly, well-groomed. It's a valuable tool for describing the appearance of a room, a hairdo, or a manuscript. When it's generically and inappropriately applied, though, as it is in the slang aspect, it only obscures the true nature of the thing or feeling that it's supposed to be representing. It's turned into a sponge word. You can wring meanings out of it by the bucketful--and never know which one is right. When a person says a movie is 'neat,' does he mean that it's funny or tragic or thrilling or romantic, does he mean that the cinematography is beautiful, the acting heartfelt, the script intelligent, the direction deft, or the leading lady has cleavage to die for? Slang possesses an economy, an immediacy that's attractive, all right, but it devalues experience by standardizing and fuzzing it. It hangs between humanity and the real world like a . . . a veil. Slang just makes people more stupid, that's all, and stupidity eventually makes them crazy. I'd hate to ever see that kind of craziness rub off onto objects.
Gilad Atzmon, The Wandering Who? A Study of Jewish Identity Politics|A few years back, an American Jewish feminist academic sent me a request for an interview... The professor presented herself as a `gender scholar`, another postmodernist discipline that fails to inspire my intellect. However, I was curious to see what a person who happens to be academically qualified in being a woman might come up with.
Amanda Howells, The Summer of Skinny Dipping|I-" said Nick, his voice halting. "I don't mind it as much when - when people touch me. Some people."Mae looked down, and Nick, who looked more relaxed when he'd been stabbed, slowly lifted his hand from his chest and laid it on the tumbled sheets between them, fingers half-curled into his palm. He was still regarding the ceiling with a fixed glare."Because you trust them not to hurt you?" Mae asked tentatively."No," Nick said, his voice harsh. "Because I'd let them hurt me.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|The bridge out of shame is outrage. Suddenly the obvious becomes stunningly clear—we have been carrying shame for the crime of the offender…In a clear flash we may see ourselves standing in a fierce stance, grounded by our knowledge, ready to throw off any wrongdoer. Our outrage can be a fueling energy, capable of making us as steely as we need to be.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|I know for a fact that I would be awful if I was built like Serena Williams or Jennifer Lopez... If I had a body remotely close to what they have, I would be a terror. My ass would cause me to do really inappropriate and rude things. I'd be so ridiculous that people would be able to pick my labia out of a lineup. I'd wear zero clothes any- and everywhere, every day. I'd show up at church rocking a denim thong and a cropped T-shirt and have the nerve to sit right next to the head usher and dare her to say anything to me. And if anyone did say something to me, I'd tell them, "Jesus blessed me in many ways, and I am just showing off His works. HALLELUJAH." People would be disgusted and appalled by me and I wouldn't care. All insults would bounce off my ample backside. To whom much is given, much is required, and I'd require that my much would be given nary an inch of fabric. I'd hire a band whose sole job would be to follow me around and play theme music for my yansh, based on the mood I was in... I might opt to walk backwards into any room I entered, because why not?... I might also declare my booty its own limited liability corporation, assigning myself as CEO and chairman of the Donk. My jeans would be tax-deductible business expenses, and I would add my ass to my LinkedIn profile's Skills section. Everyone would throw hate ration in my dancery, and I wouldn't even see it, protected as I would be by the throne I sat atop.
Raynetta Manees, All for Love|To an onlooker, his face would be unreadable, but to me I know that look. His thoughts roll around his head like a frantic ball as he considers each excuse he'll give me. At this moment I wish I were the onlooker, a stranger, I know he can't quit for good, not yet. He's searching for the perfect sentence, the perfect touch to bid time until I'm safely sucked into his trap. When he reaches me, he doesn't ask for permission, he pulls me into a hug, wrapping his arms around my back and pulling me into his chest. He's willing me to forget—to forgive because somewhere deep down, he knows this time I won't.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|I was once hired by an organization to deliver a workshop on networking. The goal was to provide their engineers with tools and strategies for expanding their circles of influence—to foster innovation, collaboration, and teambuilding. One of the engineers raised her hand in the middle of the program and bluntly said, “I’m happy with the people in my life and don’t care to add any more.” I respect and appreciate her position and have sometimes felt the same way.But, as long as we are alive, we will meet, greet, and interact with new people. Even if we are not inviting them into our personal lives, being socially brave will open new doors which may have remained closed otherwise.
Pola Oloixarac, Las teorías salvajes|All war is based in deception (cfr. Sun Tzu, “The Art of War”).Definition of deception: “The practice of deliberately making somebody believe things that are not true. An act, a trick or device entended to deceive somebody”.Thus, all war is based in metaphor.All war necessarily perfects itself in poetry.Poetry (since indefinable) is the sense of seduction.Therefore, all war is the storytelling of seduction, and seduction is the nature of war.
Jürgen Moltmann|Weird how I can feel so frail and tiny sometimes, and other times so brave and bold and reckless and free, and . . . Does everybody feel the same? When people get grown-up, do they always feel grown-up and sensible and sorted out and . . . And do I want to feel grown-up? Do I want to stop feeling . . . paradoxical, nonsensical? Do I want to stop being crackers? Do I want to be destrangified? O yes, sometimes I want nothing more - but it only lasts a moment, then O I want to be the strangest and crakerest of everybody.
J.U. Scribe, Before the Legend|We knit alone our life, before seeing by it our shroud. (Nous tricotons notre vie seule, Avant d'y voir notre linceul)
Barry López, Of Wolves and Men|Taken together, the narratives of how the animals ended up at Lowry Park revealed as much about Homo sapiens as they revealed about the animals themselves. The precise details—how and where each was born, how they were separated from their mothers and taken into custody, all they had witnessed and experienced on their way to becoming the property of this particular zoo—could have filled an encyclopedia with insights into human behavior and psychology, human geopolitics and history and commerce. Lowry Park’s very existence declared our presumption of supremacy, the ancient belief that we have been granted dominion over other creatures and have the right to do with them as we please. The zoo was a living catalogue of our fears and obsessions, the ways we see animals and see ourselves, all the things we prefer not to see at all. Every corner of the grounds revealed our appetite for amusement and diversion, no matter what the cost. Our longing for the wildness we have lost inside ourselves. Our instinct to both exalt nature and control it. Our deepest wish to love and protect other species even as we scorch their forests and poison their rivers and shove them toward oblivion.All of it was on display in the garden of captives.
Richie Norton|I can't say for sure if I'm better off, since I have no way of knowing what would have been. I could have traveled to exotic places and kissed exotic men in the moonlight. Or I could have ended living alone in a dumpy apartment with the flesh eating virus I contracted from a public toilet. Could haves are always a great unknown.
Jessi Kirby, In Honor|Well," I ask, leaning over him, "do you wish to stay?""I do.""And why is that, Cole?" I say, tipping toward him so that our noses nearly brush."Well," he says with a smile, "the weather's quite nice.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|Despair is a form of certainty, certainty that the future will be a lot like the present or will decline from it.
Marie Ferranti, The Princess of Mantua|The way one is envisaged by other people - what easier way is there of envisaging oneself? There is a fatalism in one's acceptance of it. Solitude is not the solution, one feels followed. Choice - choice of those who are to surround one, choice of those most likely to see you rightly - is the only escape.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Mum liked to say that some things happen for a reason, that sometimes obstacles were there to stop you from doing something stupid.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu provides a place of fellowship that, unfortunately, our society has largely failed to create.
Gregory Galloway, As Simple as Snow|There's a whole world all around more interesting, wonderful, terrifying, mysterious, amazing than any novel ever written. Pay attention. Take a chance. Dare life.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|We're wired for story. In a culture of scarcity and perfectionism, there's a surprisingly simple reason we want to own, integrate, and share our stories of struggle. We do this because we feel the most alive when we're connecting with others and being brave with our stories - it's in our biology.
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|There's an exception to every rule, Nora. And you've never failed at being the exception before.
Carl Safina, Beyond Words: What Animals Think and Feel|A muffled curse comes from the doorway. I jerk my head to find Jeb there, blood drained from his face. His gaze is fierce yet dejected, a deep and gut-twisting wound I haven’t seen since his dad was alive and tormenting him.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am filled with abundance, gratitude, and love.
Frederick Buechner, Telling Secrets|Is it true, what Jesus believed, this Truth that he died for and lived for? Maybe the only way to know finally this side of falling off that precipice ourselves is to stop speaking and thinking and reading about it so much and to start watching and listening.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A system is corrupt when it is strictly profit-driven, not driven to serve the best interests of its people, but those of multinational corporations.
Charles Dickens|The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.
Nicole Sobon, The Yearning|All of Europe, as far as we knew, was gone. It might as well not be there anymore. Russia was gone. By the time you got to wondering where America went there just wasn't any more room for it in your brain. A world without America just couldn't happen - the global economy would collapse. Every two penny warlord and dictator in the Third World would have a field day. It just wasn't possible. It would mean global chaos. It would mean the of history as we knew it. Which was exactly what happened.
Em Claire, Silent, Sacred, Holy, Deepening Heart|After fight club you're so relaxed, you just cannot care.
Junichiro Tanizaki|Where there is righteousness in the heart, there is beauty in the character. When there is beauty in the character, there is harmony in the home. When there is harmony in the home, there is order in the nation. When there is order in the nation, there is peace in the world.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself endlessly, you will find that the whole world loves you too.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Companions were not allowed to lie. I don’t know why. I had tried a few times when I was young to get Benjamin to lie, and he never could. As we got older, I tried experiments, attempting to find a way for him to lie. Lies of omission, white lies, whoppers. Nothing. He couldn’t lie. My father told me that they were programmed that way. He seemed kind of proud about that. And now, I hoped, that would save my life.
Alice Walker|I deepen my experience of God through prayer, meditation, and forgiveness.
Anthony Trollope, Autobiography of Anthony Trollope|Nevertheless a certain class of dishonesty, dishonesty magnificent in its proportions, and climbing into high places, has become at the same time so rampant and so splendid that there seems to be reason for fearing that men and women will be taught to feel that dishonesty, if it can become splendid, will cease to be abominable. If dishonesty can live in a gorgeous palace with pictures on all its walls, and gems in all its cupboards, with marble and ivory in all its corners, and can give Apician dinners, and get into Parliament, and deal in millions, then dishonesty is not disgraceful, and the man dishonest after such a fashion is not a low scoundrel. Instigated, I say, by some such reflections as these, I sat down in my new house to write The Way We Live Now. And as I had ventured to take the whip of the satirist into my hand, I went beyond the iniquities of the great speculator who robs everybody, and made an onslaught also on other vices;--on the intrigues of girls who want to get married, on the luxury of young men who prefer to remain single, and on the puffing propensities of authors who desire to cheat the public into buying their volumes.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|Ben Scott couldn't be afraid of the supernatural. He didn't believe in the supernatural. Ben Scott was firmly convinced that he didn't believe in anything,
Marie Force, Everyone Loves a Hero|There was another reason why I wasn't ready to tell you all this that night in the airport.""What other reason?""Guess what today is?""Um, Tuesday?""Even better. It comes around once every four years. Last day of February? Ringing any bells?" He let that settle for a long moment before he curled his face into the half grin she loved so much. "It's leap day, baby.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Have faith, because life changes fast, I've learned that much.
Ethan Nichtern, One City: A Declaration of Interdependence|As long as we practice with a vow to help others, we are the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion, and we become the leading figure in the Heart Sutra, whether we are a layperson or are ordained, whether whether celibate or married, living in the monastery or living in secular society.
Lao Tzu|A photographic portrait is a picture of someone who knows he is being photographed, and what he does with this knowledge is as much a part of the photograph as what he's wearing or how he looks.
Ana Monnar, Relax: New And Selected Poems: New And Selected Poems|At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in; finally, the ability to speak from the heart with love and compassion.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Though I am a lot of things, most importantly I am human.
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|-Because they're free.-They might look free, but they aren't. Believe me. You're free.-How am I free?-You're free to be modest. You're free to not smoke up. You're free to be here and listen and not respond to the nonsense that Hanna spouts. You're very calm, and you're very comfortable with yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There are three things that a beggar and a rich person share every day: the sun, the moon, and the stars.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|A man who says that no patriot should attack the [war] until it is over is not worth answering intelligently; he is saying that no good son should warn his mother off a cliff until she has fallen over it. But there is an anti-patriot who honestly angers honest men…he is the uncandid candid friend; the man who says, "I am sorry to say we are ruined," and is not sorry at all…Granted that he states only facts, it is still essential to know what are his emotions, what is his motive. It may be that twelve hundred men in Tottenham are down with smallpox; but we want to know whether this is stated by some great philosopher who wants to curse the gods, or only by some common clergyman who wants to help the men.
Farid ud-Din Attar, The Conference of the Birds|The hoopoe said: 'Your heart's congealed like ice;When will you free yourself from cowardice?Since you have such a short time to live here,What difference does it make? What should you fear?The world is filth and sin, and homeless menMust enter it and homeless leave again.They die, as worms, in squalid pain; if weMust perish in this quest, that, certainly,Is better than a life of filth and grief.If this great search is vain, if my beliefIs groundless, it is right that I should die.So many errors throng the world - then whyShould we not risk this quest? To suffer blameFor love is better than a life of shame.No one has reached this goal, so why appealTo those whose blindness claims it is unreal?I'd rather die deceived by dreams than giveMy heart to home and trade and never live.We've been and heard so much - what have we learned?Not for one moment has the self been spurned;Fools gather round and hinder our release.When will their stale, insistent whining cease?We have no freedom to achieve our goalUntil from Self and fools we free the soul.To be admitted past the veil you mustBe dead to all the crowd considers just.Once past the veil you understand the WayFrom which the crowd's glib courtiers blindly stray.If you have any will, leave women's stories,And even if this search for hidden gloriesProves blasphemy at last, be sure our questIs not mere talk but an exacting test.The fruit of love's great tree is poverty;Whoever knows this knows humility.When love has pitched his tent in someone's breast,That man despairs of life and knows no rest.Love's pain will murder him and blandly askA surgeon's fee for managing the task -The water that he drinks brings pain, his breadIs turned to blood immediately shed;Though he is weak, faint, feebler than an ant,Love forces him to be her combatant;He cannot take one mouthful unawareThat he is floundering in a sea of care.
Rabindranath Tagore|We cannot see Beauty till we let go our hold of it. It was Buddha who conquered the world, not Alexander - this is untrue when stated in dry prose - oh when shall we be able to sing it? When shall all these most intimate truths of the universe overflow the pages of printed books and leap out in a sacred stream like the Ganges from the Gangotrie?
|Enjoy every moment to the fullest, but don't forget to plan for a future that's better than where you currently stand. Life is a journey of continuous progress.
Nathan Myhrvold|Most North Americans know that human-caused global warming is real, even if political leaders don't always reflect or act on that knowledge.
Gladys Hasty Carroll, As the Earth Turns|….two slate-colored gravestones settled at a slant into the lower corner of the field beside the lane. She could not read the names engraved on them, but she knew what they were. Joseph Watson, 1820-1891, and James Watson, son of Joseph and Hannah Watson, 1844-1863. The grave of Hannah Watson lay beside her husband’s and because she had died last, she had no marker, unless the pine tree growing there might count as one. To-morrow two men would drive up and leave a basket of flowers and a flag for Joseph because he had fought in the Civil War, and for James because he had died on his way home from it, but they would not have anything for Hannah because she had only identified her son James one hot summer day on the platform of North Derwich Station, and raised all the food her husband ate for twenty years as he sat in a chair in her kitchen, and done washings for Mrs. Hale to buy monuments for them at the end. But the flowers would die in the boxes; even if Jen found time to go down and set out the pansy plants in the ground, stray cows were sure to eat them off before the summer was over; and the Forrest children would take the flags to play with. Nothing would interfere with the tree.
Susan Carol McCarthy, Lay that Trumpet in Our Hands|Why, you may ask, didn't we have a cow tonight? No one would sell Bayard one. He had the brilliant idea of telling the farmers why he wanted the cow. The God-fearing folk would sell their cows to be eaten, but not for raising zombies. Prejudiced bastards.
Linda Elder Richard Paul, The Thinker’s Guide to Fallacies: The Art of Mental Trickery and Manipulation|The more intense the belief, the less likely that reason and evidence can dislodge it.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Sin always overpromises and underdelivers, while righteousness pays dividends for eternity...Nothing is more illogical than sin. It's the epitome of poor judgment. It's temporary insanity with eternal consequences. And we have no alibi, save the cross of Jesus Christ.
Plutarch, The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans, Vol 1|Only learning oneself better, and understanding one’s place in the world, made the touch of another mundane.
Robert Osborne|Let's be clear - for people like me, who are obsessed with story and for whom words are their medium, writing is the best job possible. I work hard, but I earn more than the national average wage while I play with my imagination, and for me, that's a dream.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|A Kula or spiritual community is like a nudist camp for the soul. Not only are we given the permission to remove our robes of guilt, our suits of shame, and our masks of false identity—we are encouraged to do so. To become naked and hold nothing back is to become truly beautiful.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Ignoring his advice, I got up, walked over, gently rested my hands on two of their shoulders and said, “Ladies, I have to tell you how much you have impressed me. I just moved to Madison from Florida and left behind all my girlfriends. I have been sitting over there admiring your friendships. You remind me so much of my girlfriends back home and I had to come over and speak with you.” And without missing a beat, I next asked, “Can I be your friend?” They were so impressed by my sincere request, they kindly opened their circle and invited me in.
Ville Valo|You have to be confident in who you are and what you're doing. Of course, you try to evolve. I would never tell you, 'Today is the best I will ever be.' I'm always trying to be a better chef, a better dad, a better person.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|So much for a great opening speech, that sucker done tucked tail and is hiding in the deepest part of my brain, sucking its thumb.
James C. Dobson|I think people need to recognize that those of us who have been so much influenced by violence in the media- in particular pornographic violence- are not some kinds of inherent monsters. We are your sons, and we are your husbands. And we grew up in regular families.
Jeffrey McDaniel|I've been ignored by prettier women than you, but none who carried the heavy pitchers of silenceso far, without spilling a drop.
Sylvia Boorstein, Don't Just Do Something, Sit There: A Mindfulness Retreat with Sylvia Boorstein|Mindfulness meditation doesn't change life. Life remains as fragile and unpredictable as ever. Meditation changes the heart's capacity to accept life as it is. It teaches the heart to be more accommodating, not by beating it into submission, but by making it clear that accommodation is a gratifying choice.
Caro King, Shadow Spell|Choices are few and sometimes one, to him who hath wisdom; but in abundance are they to the heart of he who lacketh understanding.
Athanasius of Alexandria, On the Incarnation|The Self-revealing of the Word is in every dimension - above, in creation; below, in the Incarnation; in the depth, in Hades; in the breadth, throughout the world. All things have been filled with the knowledge of God.
Stuart Miller, Men and Friendship|After all, what is ''a man'' nowadays? Somebody who stands alone, independent of all ties.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|Modern scientific accomplishments" --a wealth of methods coupled with a poverty of intentions which, having nearly exhausted the hell-potential of the earth, move on now to the first frontier of the heavens.
Henry V. O'Neil, Live Echoes|Well what would you expect?" she sputtered. "They can call themselves privateers, but we all know they're just pirates with papers.
K.H. Koehler, The Devil Dances|Try picking on someone who can handle you, you worthless little limp dick of a shit." In retrospect I could have picked my taunts a little better. Obviously, the Horned God was very sensitive about his equipment.
Jane Tara, The Happy Endings Book Club|She throws her jeans at me and dives into the pellucid lake, slicing through the water almost without a splash. A church bell rings out in the distance, echoing in the quiet aftermath of Everly’s quick jump into the unexpected.
Erik Pevernagie|Silence can be breathing space and spawn release and wellness in a time of appalling inflation of words. But silence may be intolerably screaming, if it means absence of communication, deficiency in friendship and emotional deficit. (« A gap of silence”)
Jeff Phillips, Turban Tan|Their conversation ceased abruptly with the entry of an oddly-shaped man whose body resembled a certain vegetable. He was a thickset fellow with calloused and jaundiced skin and a patch of brown hair, a frizzy upheaval. We will call him Bell Pepper. Bell Pepper sidled up beside The Drippy Man and looked at the grilled cheese in his hand. The Drippy Man, a bit uncomfortable at the heaviness of the gaze, politely apologized and asked Bell Pepper if he would like one.  “Why is one of your legs fatter than the other?” asked Bell Pepper.	  The Drippy Man realized Bell Pepper was not looking at his sandwich but towards the inconsistency of his leg sizes.  “You always get your kicks pointing out defects?” retorted The Drippy Man. “Just curious. Never seen anything like it before.” “I was raised not to feel shame and hide my legs in baggy pants.” “So you flaunt your deformity by wearing short shorts?” “Like you flaunt your pockmarks by not wearing a mask?” Bell Pepper backed away, kicking wide the screen door, making an exit to a porch over hanging a dune of sand that curved into a jagged upward jab of rock. “He is quite sensitive,” commented The Dry Advisor. “Who is he?” “A fellow who once manipulated the money in your wallet but now curses the fellow who does.
Belinda McBride|The name Atlantis came from an old book Victoria had never read. A lifetime residency in the ASM paradise was rumored to cost anywhere from 15 to 20 million dollars. The rich and powerful lived under the dome because they considered themselves separate and superior. Few of them left the comfort and security of Atlantis. To them the outside world was weak. Second Sector citizens where miscreant dregs of a defunct society. In order to enter the Atlantian dome one first had to be cleared by a resident. Gate security personnel strictly enforced this rule, even when outsiders carried a badge and gun.
Mitchell Symons, That Book: ...of Perfectly Useless Information|There are various methods by which you may achieve ignominy and shame. By murdering a large and respected family in cold blood and afterward depositing their bodies in the water companies' reservoir, you will gain much unpopularity in the neighborhood of your crime, and even robbing a church will get you cordially disliked, especially by the vicar. But if you desire to drain to the dregs the fullest cup of scorn and hatred that a fellow human creature can pour out for you, let a young mother hear you call dear baby "it.
Sunday Adelaja|All you have already done, achieved and opened it is not a potential
Gwendoline Riley|If only i could get that under control then i feel like i could stay here a long time, watching the days leaking into the nights, swilling over the buildings, bleeding back again. I could lie and not think of anything but ways to describe the sky, the clouds, the light.
John Stahl-Wert, The Serving Leader: Five Powerful Actions to Transform Your Team, Business, and Community|And if you do see any pirates, I don't want you to pick up any rough manners from them. Do you understand?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It's easy to make women happier and busier. How? Buy her a talking mirror beside bitching it has to be programmed to say, "You are looking very beautiful and slimmer," at precisely every hour.
Solange nicole|A diamond doesn't start out polished and shining. It once was nothing special, but with enough pressure and time, becomes spectacular. I'm that diamond.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|Coming of age in a fascist police state will not be a barrel of fun for anybody, much less for people like me, who are not inclined to suffer Nazis gladly and feel only contempt for the cowardly flag-suckers who would gladly give up their outdated freedom to live for the mess of pottage they have been conned into believing will be freedom from fear.Ho ho ho. Let's not get carried away here. Freedom was yesterday in this country. Its value has been discounted. The only freedom we truly crave today is freedom from Dumbness. Nothing else matters.
Lewis Thomas|With Jackson there was quiet solitude. Just to sit and look at the landscape. An inner quietness. After dinner, to sit on the back porch and look at the light. No need for talking. For any kind of communication.
Francesca Lia Block, Love Magick|Pianos, unlike people, sing when you give them your every growl. They know how to dive into the pit of your stomach and harmonize with your roars when you’ve split yourself open. And when they see you, guts shining, brain pulsing, heart right there exposed in a rhythm that beats need need, need need, need need, pianos do not run. And so she plays.
Laurell K. Hamilton|It was getting dark by the time I went out, and nobody who knows the country will need to be told how black is the darkness of a November night under high laurel bushes and yew-trees. I walked into the heart of the shrubberies two or three times, not seeing a step before me, till I came out upon the broader carriage-road, where the trees opened a little, and there was a faint grey glimmer of sky visible, under which the great limes and elms stood darkling like ghosts; but it grew black again as I approached the corner where the ruins lay. ("The Open Door")
Malebo Sephodi, Miss Behave|On top of dealing with the emotional trauma associated with conscious and unconscious recalling, you must deal with the possibility of no one believing you or making you doubt your experiences. When women speak out about their abusers, they have to deal with the police and society not believing them
Jesús Holguin|A representational photograph says, 'This is what Vienna looked like.' An interpretational photograph goes one better and says, 'This is what Vienna was like. This is how I felt about it.
Stephen King, The Stand|He was a poet who sometimes taught Free University classes or travelled in the western states of Utah, Nevada, and Arizona, speaking to high school English classes, stunning middle-class boys and girls (he hoped) with the news that poetry was alive—narcoleptic, to be sure, but still possessed of a certain hideous vitality.
Michael Holman|I always root for the black man, like penance for something I had not part in creating.
Auliq Ice|For my own piece of mind, I will forget those who have screwed me over this past year and here recently, but "Aunt Karma" won't forget you. Good luck with her, I heard she's a bitch!!!
Alexandra Daddario|In Buddhism, they say attachment to anything only leads to suffering. So when we laugh, it's our way of saying, 'I'm unattached to that.' You're tickled by it, it makes your lobes do something on their own. So humor is very important to me. I always take that to the stage first.
Jimmy Fallon|I love the excitement, the childlike spirit of innocence and just about everything that goes along with Christmas.
Janette Rallison|Madame Bellwings, Memoir Elf Coordinator, was not at all pleased with this request, because elves who write the memoirs of teenage girls have the habit of returning to the magical realm with atrocious grammar. They can't seem to shake the phrases "watever" and "no way," and they insert the word like into so many sentences that the other elves start slapping them...and for no apparent reason occasionally call out the name Edward Cullen.
Latika Teotia|Life teaches us invaluable lessons through our experiences and I treasure these. If I’ve been hurt, humiliated, shunned or sidelined I have grown that much stronger by learning precious lessons from them. If I’ve experienced spells of failures and disappointments, I’ve had my moments of sunshine too. But the best gift that experiences have given me is that I don’t commit the same mistake twice. They have taught me to overcome even the most difficult obstacles…
Patañjali, The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali|Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|Brian knows the affair is wrong. He's known from the moment Wendy first undressed in his office. But with her hot, wet tongue in his ear, and her taut, pink nipples straining against his starched white shirt, and with Mick Jagger's strident voice squawking about satisfaction on the tiny transistor radio, Brian's body refuses to obey.Instead of shoving Wendy out the door, he shoves her onto the unmade bed.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Bree shot to her feet and glared at him. “Look all you want, Brianna. That was the deal, remember? Until Arturo is found, I’m not leaving you alone.” Alessandro stared down at her with immovable stubbornness. “How am I gonna explain you to my grandfather? And what if the rest of my family is there?” “Hello O’Reiley family, you remember Alessandro, the father of my child, the man that I love, the light of my life, ma raison d'être…” “Are you done?” Bree asked cocking an eyebrow. “Depends, are you quite ready to go? Look, you can explain that I’m there for answers too. My father’s involvement in this vendetta directly influences my own future and that of my child.
Essie Davis|I'm not a parent, but it seems to me the nature of parenting is contingent, full of unexpected challenges - which is one of the wonderful and amazing things about it.
Debasish Mridha|Without women, humanity will be history.
Rachael Wade, Preservation|What do you see when you look at me?”My eyes narrowed and I pressed my lips together, weighing my thoughts. All of his bimbo admirers aside, what did I see? What did my gut tell me about this man? What did it say that allowed me to wind up here with him, under such impulsive circumstances?“You’re a sad man,” I swallowed. “You’re arrogant and set in your ways, but that creates a fortress for you. It’s your safe haven. Behind the moat is someone who has lost something he loved, only I’m not sure what, or who. You’re afraid of something and your loyalty is hidden away in a cell, wounded by betrayal.” I rested my head on the pillow. “That’s what I see.”“On second thought,” he exhaled, letting his head drop next to mine. “You’re psychic.
Kanye West|Truth is mysterious, elusive, always to be conquered. Liberty is dangerous, as hard to live with as it is elating. We must march toward these two goals, painfully but resolutely, certain in advance of our failings on so long a road.
Canelo Alvarez|Jesus Christ belonged to the true race of prophets. He saw with open eye the mystery of the soul. Drawn by its severe harmony, ravished with its beauty, he lived in it and had his being there. Alone in all history, he estimated the greatness of man.
Alexander Hamilton|It does not take a majority to prevail... but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|Oh, dear God and baby Jesus in the manger, my eyes!” Dee shrieked. “My eyes!
|In order to live fully, you must understand that your experiences in life don't determine your constant feelings; your repeated interpretations of them always do.
Victoria Twead, Two Old Fools in Spain Again|The move away from writing poetry was gradual. It was a gentle slope into a muddy pond; it was a collection of choices. There was no one thing that took the pen from my hand. Life got in the way. Poetry was an elective. I elected to let it slip into the water. I elected to let my inner poet slide into that deep water and float there a long time, until at last I could no longer see her there drowning."-Nearly Orthodox
Stephen LaBerge|When you're a young English person who wants to be an actress and you have dreams, you dream of being Vanessa Redgrave or Judi Dench.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Better a humble heart, a lowly life. Untouched by greatness let me live - and live. Not too little, not too much: there safety lies.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Those times are over and gone, and good-riddance to them, too. We were hopelessly high-spirited. Now we're the thick-waisted generation, dragging along our children behind us and carrying our parents on our backs. And we're in charge, while the figures who used to command our respect are wasting away.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|(on visiting the USSR after Stalin regime installed)All right, I can see the broken eggs. Now where's this omelette of yours?
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of life, love what you do.
Ikechukwu E. Onyekwelonwu|Whenever a woman gets pregnant, she literally bets with her life.
Anonymous|In March the soft rains continued, and each storm waited courteously until its predecessor sunk beneath the ground.
Ellen Key|I have been honoured to serve the whales, dolphins, seals - and all the other creatures on this Earth. Their beauty, intelligence, strength, and spirit have inspired me.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Time provides all of us with the opportunity to change, alter our belief system, and create new perspectives that challenge a person’s character and teach him or her how to become a happier and wiser person.
Laura     Miller, My Butterfly|She was also a memory, the worst kind of memory--the kind that pulled you to your knees at just the sound of her name.
Abhijit Naskar|Don't judge people by their profession, otherwise you'll end up with more enemies than friends.
Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance|In the past an artist produced things that were necessary socially; they were instruments, albeit of a special kind, that helped the dead reach eternity, spells to be cast, prayers to be liturgically fleshed. . . . The aesthetic component of those instruments enhanced their function but was never central, never an independent, nonutilitarian thing.
Aung Sun Suu Kyi|To be kind is to respond with sensitivity and human warmth to the hopes and needs of others. Even the briefest touch of kindness can lighten a heavy heart. Kindness can change the lives of people"~ Aung Sun Suu Kyi
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are not hungry for success, you will not make the best use of your time. It is simple and clear. People who are truly hungry for food never play with a meal when they see it.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari|When the lie and the truth are two trenchant weapons, they are at the risk of becoming downright uncertainties.
Gabriel Okara|Once upon a time, son,  they used to laugh with their hearts and laugh with their eyes;  but now they only laugh with their teeth, while their ice-block-cold eyes search behind my shadow. There was a time indeed they used to shake hands with their hearts;  but that’s gone, son. Now they shake hands without hearts while their left hands search my empty pockets.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Nothing about you, my dear, has ever been lost on me.
Edmund Spenser, The Faerie Queene, Book Two|Yet gold all is not, that doth gold seem,Nor all good knights, that shake well spear and shield:The worth of all men by their end esteem,And then praise, or due reproach them yield.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The priest must teach the people, the fear of God.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Just because a man is dressed in a clean white robe does not mean his heart and hands are clean. Any man who neglects his conscience is a dangerous animal. Never judge a man by his image. Images can be bought or produced by any Hollywood producer, marketing team or fleet of stylists. Even kids know how to wear amazing costumes for Halloween. Always judge a man by the coloring of his heart and only his heart. Truth can be found in his record of actions, not intentions.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|Recognize the difference between a dream and a nightmare, and date the man from your dreams, not your nightmares.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|But it is always easy to put together stories about a past which nobody any longer remembers, like those about journeys to countries where nobody has ever been.
Kristin Hersh|But it also became the experience, or was the experience, of the writers who were attracted to this kind of humor. They're all men or women who come from the same kind of experience in their own lives.
Francis Wyndham, Wide Sargasso Sea|It is the tragedy of a distinguished mind and a generous nature that have gone unappreciated in a conventional, unimaginative world. A victim of men's incomprehension of women, a symptom of women's mistrust of men.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|You are in a melancholy humour, and fancy that any one unlike yourself must be happy. But remember that the pain of parting from friends will be felt by every body at times, whatever be their education or state. Know your own happiness. You want nothing but patience — or give it a more fascinating name, call it hope.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|With ceremony, with forms of politeness and reassurance, they borrowed the waters of the River and its little confluents to drink and be clean and irrigate with, using water mindfully, carefully. They lived in a land that answers greed with drought and death. A difficult land: aloof yet sensitive.
Lionel Suggs|If we want to know what God wants from us as Christians, we must have a firm biblical grasp of His intention in making man in the first place.
Jack W. Szostak|When I investigate and when I discover that the forces of the heavens and the planets are within ourselves, then truly I seem to be living among the gods.
Samantha Young, Scorched Skies|Her guardian sighed and looked back down at his book. "I can't tell you how much I look forward to these mature and scintillating conversations. Still, when the old Ari pays a visit, let me know.""Old Ari? I was sarcastic to you before.""True." He nodded, turning the page on the paperback. "But there was this era bewteen scared, sarcastic Ari and this new-fangled five year old Ari where you were actually a decent person to be ar
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|It is, I suppose, the common grief of children at having to protect their parents from reality. It is bitter for the young to see what awful innocence adults grow into, that terrible vulnerability that must be sheltered from the rodent mire of childhood.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|To the dismay of those that stood by, about the body of Saruman a grey mist gathered, and rising very slowly to a great height like smoke from a fire, as a pale shrouded figure it loomed over the Hill. For a moment it wavered, looking to the West; but out of the West came a cold wind, and it bent away, and with a sigh dissolved into nothing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is simple but profound.Folly, even when complex, is stupid.
Al Franken, Al Franken, Giant of the Senate|If we don't start caring about whether people tell the truth or not, it's going to be literally impossible to restore anything approaching reasonable political discourse.
Stephen King|A person needs at intervals to separate himself from family and companions and go to new places. He must go without his familiars in order to be open to influences, to change.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|To find out your real opinion of someone, judge the impression you have when you first see a letter from them.
Monika Barbara Potocki, Mirusia|Despite his care, Reid was still playing with fire, the kind that could without warning sheathe one’s whole life in irreversible conflagration.
J.R. Ward, Covet|There are moments in time when the axis of the universe shifts, when life as you knew it is irrevocably altered. When the hiss and grind of the gears fell silent, some deeply rooted instinctive part of me knew this was one of those moments.
Erik Pevernagie|It is so simple and easy to hate and so grueling and hard to love, when the emotional “love forever”- revelation has become a crumbling “love never, ever again”- crack-up. There is no route back to a paradise lost, when the bonds of trust have, irrevocably, been blasted. ("Another empty room")
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|The collective sensation is one’s perspective, experience, memory, imagination, and perception.
Dana Marton, Deathtrap|She was hot, he was a man; not being attracted would have been impossible. That gleaming dark hair tempted a man to find out what it would look like released from its tight bun. She had toned, endless legs. Her li8ps were distracting, especially that teasing mole in the corner. She could give a dead monk a boner.
Scott Buckel|Even though I was fairly certain God wasn't Ted Bundy, I kept an open mind, since this phone call was getting a bit confusing.
Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible|Sorry,” he said. “Let me drop the belt-"“No.” She held on when he would have pulled away. “Don’t. I like it.” Again, he lifted her face, and he smiled. “The tool belt turns you on.” “No.” She closed her eyes and thunked her forehead to his chest. “Little bit.
Debasish Mridha|Most of our life we pass by waiting for tomorrow, but not living for today.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When you fall for your appetite too early, you may not be able to endure to the end.
Bertrand Russell|If the ordinary wage-earner worked four hours a day, there would be enough for everybody and no unemployment -- assuming a certain very moderate amount of sensible organization. This idea shocks the well-to-do, because they are convinced that the poor would not know how to use so much leisure. In America men often work long hours even when they are well off; such men, naturally, are indignant at the idea of leisure for wage-earners, except as the grim punishment of unemployment; in fact, they dislike leisure even for their sons.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|Blind to all fault, destiny can be ruthless at one's slightest distraction.
Tom Rosenthal|I took a road that wasn't the road, but it was something I chose and that's fine.
Kamal Khanzada|Time is priceless; you are responsible for your time. Earn it or kill it, your choice
Cameron Trost, Hoffman's Creeper and Other Disturbing Tales|Koji's mouth twitched in disgust. "Who are you people?" he asked, as he had before. "You're not..." But he didn't even dare say that dangerous word-- ninja.
Hubert Martin|And though they fell as ashes, their shadows drifted as leaves.
Kevin Breel, Boy Meets Depression: Or Life Sucks and Then You Live|Beliefs are the masters of the world, and all masters are tyranical
Stacey Jay, Romeo Redeemed|I am not a fan of people who abuse service staff. In fact, I find it intolerable. It’s an unpardonable sin as far as I’m concerned, taking out personal business or some other kind of dissatisfaction on a waiter or busboy.
Carl R. Rogers, On Becoming a Person: A Therapist's View of Psychotherapy|The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
Shannon L. Alder|The truth is this: People that give you focus, energy and anger do care. If you were nothing then you wouldn't be able to affect them. Behind every over reaction was first the thought that your opinion mattered and your respect was once of value or you wouldn't get the response you got.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|Every leader attracts a different type of follower from the left or the right, from the lowest or the highest class. Every leader unwittingly attracts certain stereotypes that fuel their underlying agenda.
Isaac Asimov, Robot Visions|In a properly automated and educated world, then, machines may prove to be the true humanizing influence. It may be that machines will do the work that makes life possible and that human beings will do all the other things that make life pleasant and worthwhile 
Catherine Jones Payne, Breakwater|Father knew he might die that day, and he went anyway.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|Sometimes, in the stillness of my room, my mom’s voice came to me, repeating things she’d said for months. Like, “My skin is melting off my face, isn’t it?” And, “My whole body feels dead from the crap they’re pouring into me. Do I look green to you?” And, “When I’m naked, I can see my heart beating.
James     Baldwin|To those who are gay, lesbian, bisexual,or transgender-let me say- you are not alone. You're struggle, for the end to violence and discrimination, is a shared struggle. Today, I stand with you. And I call upon all countries and people, to stand with you too.A historic shift is underway. We must tackle the violence, decriminalize consensual same sex relationships and end discrimination. We must educate the public. I call on this council and people of conscience to make this happen.The time has come.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men.A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|So never be embarrassed by mistakes, rather, be thankful for them, because they always present an opportunity for personal growth.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Waving from side to side in the breeze, her long golden hairshimmered as she handed Thomas a bottle of beer.“When are you coming home to me?” She said eloquently.
Brendan I. Koerner|You can't start with imbalance and end with peace, be that in your own body, in an ecosystem or between a government and its people. What we need to strive for is not perfection, but balance.
George Whitefield|For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whenever we look at a photograph, the memories in the photograph become our memories as well!
George Eliot, Middlemarch|She was no longer struggling against the perception of facts, but adjusting herself to their clearest perception.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Making All Things New and Other Classics|Living alone,' November whispered, 'is a skill, like running long distance or programming old computers. You have to know parameters, protocols. You have to learn them so well that they become like a language: to have music always so that the silence doesn't overwhelm you, to perform your work exquisitely well so that your time is filled. You have to allow yourself to open up until you are the exact size of the place you live, no more or else you get restless. No less, or else you drown. There are rules; there are ways of being and not being.
Matthew Arnold, The Poetical Works of Matthew Arnold|Aim for the moon, but on your way don't forget to dance with the stars and shine as bright as the sun.
Janet Jackson|He caressed my backside. I had heard that he was famous for his 'admiration' of the ladies, but I didn't expect him to be handling my booty. As handsome as Prince Philip is, I wasn't sure if he was making a pass or just exercising some royal rights to squeeze the foreigners.
Jay Bell, Something Like Winter|This was one of those mid-thirties moments when you take a look at the stale, half-chewed bagel your life has become and kiss jealousy on its smokey mouth.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|He looked different in sleep, beautiful but cold as moonlight.
Boyd Norton, Serengeti: The Eternal Beginning|You can define a net two ways, depending on your point of view. Normally you would say it is a meshed instrument designed to catch fish. But you could, with no great injury to logic, reverse the image and define the net as a jocular lexicographer once did: he called it a collection of holes tied together with string.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Many people have stopped growing. When you stop growing, you stop living. Many have stopped living and now just bide their time before it becomes official.
Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker|God, the bitter misery that reading works into this world! Everybody knows that - everbody who IS everybody. All the best minds have been off reading for years. Look at the swing La Rouchefoucauld took at it. He said that if nobody had ever learned to read, very few people would be in love. Good for you, La Rouchefoucauld; nice going, boy. I wish I’d never learned to read.
Elizabeth Odell|It's the quality of harmony, sir. The quality of being in harmony with you own soul. God having given you your own soul you are then in harmony with Heaven.
Jon Krakauer, Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town|I always imagined rape as this violent scene of a woman walking alone down a dark alley and getting mugged and beaten by some masked criminal. Rape was an angry man forcing himself inside a damsel in distress. I would not carry the trauma of a cliché rape victim. I would not shriek in the midst of my slumber with night terrors. I would not tremble at the sight of every dark haired man or the mention of Number 1’s name. I would not even harbor ill will towards him. My damage was like a cigarette addiction- subtle, seemingly innocent, but everlasting and inevitably detrimental. 	Number 1 never opened his screen door to furious crowds waving torches and baseball bats. Nobody punched him out in my honor. The Nightfall crowd never socially ostracized him. Even the ex-boyfriend who’d second handedly fused the entire fiasco continued to mingle with him in drug circles. Everybody continued with business as usual. And when I told my parents I lost my virginity against my will, unconscious on a bathroom floor, Carl did not erupt in fury and demand I give him all I knew about his whereabouts so he could greet him with a rifle. Mom blankly shrugged and mumbled, “Oh, that’s too bad,” and drifted into the kitchen as if I’d received a stubbed toe rather than a shredded hymen.  	Everyone in my life took my rape as lightly as a brief thunderstorm that might have been frightening when it happened, but was easy to forget about. I adopted that mentality as the foundation of my sex life. I would, time and time again, treat sex as flimsily as it started. I would give it away as if it was cheap, second hand junk, rather than a prize that deserved to be earned.
Marsha Hinds|...Because the sacred fire that lights all nature liveliest of all in its own image glows. All these prerogatives the human creature possesses, and if one of them should fail, he must diminish from his noble stature. Sin only can disenfranchise him, and veil his likeness to the Highest Good; whereby the light in him is lessened and grows pale. Ne'er can he win back dignities so high till the void made by guilt be all filled in with just amends paid for by illicit joy. Now, when your nature as a whole did sin in its first root, it lost these great awards, and lost the Eden of its origin; nor might they be recovered afterwards by any means, as if thou search thou'lt see, except by crossing one of these two fords; either must God, of his sole courtesy, remit, or man must pay with all that's his, the debt of sin in its entirety. Within the Eternal Counsel's deep abyss rivet thine eye, and with a heed as good as thou canst give me, do thou follow this. Man from his finite assets never could make satisfaction; ne'er could he abase him so low, obey thereafter all he would, as he'd by disobedience sought to raise him; and for this cause man might not pay his due himself, nor from the debtor's roll erase him. Needs then must God, by his own ways, renew man's proper life, and reinstate him so; his ways I say - by one, or both of two. And since the doer's actions ever show more gracious as the style of them makes plain the goodness of the heart from which they flow, that most high Goodness which is God was fain - even God, whose impress Heaven and earth display - by all His ways to lift you up again; nor, between final night and primal day, was e'er proceeding so majestical and high, nor shall not be, by either way; for God's self-giving, which made possible that man should raise himself, showed more largesse than if by naked power He'd cancelled all; and every other means would have been less than justice, if it had not pleased God's Son to be humiliate in fleshliness.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|It’s not that I had more important things to do or that I didn’t want to help with whatever problems were interfering with her students being successful—rather, it’s this horrible truth that life has taught me: misplaced hope is the most devastatingly painful thing you can give someone.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two|After their encounter on the approach to Jupiter, there would aways be a secret bond between them---not of love, but of tenderness, which is often more enduring.
Judith McNaught, Remember When|There will be a few times in your life when all your instincts will tell you to do something, something that defies logic, upsets your plans, and may seem crazy to others. When that happens, you do it. Listen to your instincts and ignore everything else. Ignore logic, ignore the odds, ignore the complications, and just go for it.
F.T. McKinstry, Water Dark|Now, money, for the night is coming. Money for my hair, money for my teeth, money for shoes that won't deform my feet (it's not so easy now to walk around in cheap shoes with very high heels), money for good clothes, money, money. The night is coming.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|You cannot do anything with knowledge unless you know where it stops, and the costs of using it.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|There are different kinds of infidelity, but betrayal is betrayal wherever you find it.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|I teach our young men that respect is earned each day on the practice field, in the classroom, and how each young man lives his life.
Roberto Bolaño, The Insufferable Gaucho|If you spent your life concentrating on what everyone else thought of you, would you forget who you really were? What if the face you showed the world turned out to be a mask... with nothing beneath it?
Adam Grant, Originals|Originality brings more bumps in the road, yet it leaves us with more happiness and a greater sense of meaning.
Sunday Adelaja|As a nation, develop your wealth of virtues and watch yourself live better than most countries who brag themselves in their virtues of natural wealth
John Ridley|Once you start a business, you have to grow it and grow with it - starting a business is not just for Christmas.
Tatiana de Rosnay, Sarah's Key|Sometimes, Miss Jarmond, it's not easy to bring back the past. There are unpleasant surprises. The truth is harder than ignorance
Robin Sacredfire|Getting drunk every Friday night and thinking that it's normal, only to get mad every Monday, looks normal only because most people are insane. It becomes abnormal when it affects your relationshipsand you push people you want away with a smile and cry when they're gone. That's when a person should question her own sanity. If that still doesn't make one question it, then that's a very deep stage of insanity. That's not life. That's the scenario for an apocalyptic movie.
Graham Greene, Travels With My Aunt|Switzerland is only bearable covered with snow," Aunt Augusta said, "like some people are only bearable under a sheet.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|Power and profit structures're out of cahoots with current technology. Aware of new inventions, corporations put them aside, waiting for competitive reasons until they're obliged to use new gimmicks.
Heinrich Heine|Everything one does in life, even love, occurs in an express train racing toward death. To smoke opium is to get out of the train while it is still moving. It is to concern oneself with something other than life or death.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but he's often sure he can find one. And that's a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy.
John Oates|We are on the precipice of a crisis, a Constitutional crisis. The checks and balances, which have been at the core of this Republic, are about to be evaporated by the nuclear option. The checks and balances that say if you get 51% of the vote, you don't get your way 100% of the time. It is amazing, it's almost a temper tantrum.
Deyth Banger|You have this and this, soon it will come and this and you are still at this level of knowledge... so poor for you!
Heidi Cullinan, Dance With Me|Why did the world go on being so beautiful in spite of the ugliness he had experienced? The lake was beautiful, serenely beautiful. The forest was beautiful, greenly beautiful. Lake and forest, the whole shimmering world was painfully beautiful. He loved this world, but he was too hurt to enjoy it.
Bipasha Basu|Whenever I get married, it will be a Bengali wedding. If I won't have a Bengali wedding, my mother won't come. She has warned me. So, I am going to have a Bengali wedding for sure.
Edward O. Wilson|I will argue that every scrap of biological diversity is priceless, to be learned and cherished, and never to be surrendered without a struggle.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Polite people tend to be more respected, admired, and appreciated than their rude counterparts.
Buddha|My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Jesus must have had man hands. He was a carpenter, the Bible tells us. I know a few carpenters, and they have great hands, all muscled and worn, with nicks and callused pads from working wood together with hardware and sheer willpower. In my mind, Jesus isn't a slight man with fair hair and eyes who looks as if a strong breeze could knock him down, as he is sometimes depicted in art and film. I see him as sturdy, with a thick frame, powerful legs, and muscular arms. He has a shock of curly black hair and an untrimmed beard, his face tanned and lined from working in the sun. And his hands—hands that pounded nails, sawed lumber, drew in the dirt, and held the children he beckoned to him. Hands that washed his disciples' feet, broke bread for them, and poured their wine. Hands that hauled a heavy cross through the streets of Jerusalem and were later nailed to it. Those were some man hands.
Caleb Ricketts|If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
Charles de Lint, The Mystery of Grace|Not only do we all have magic, it's all around us as well. We just don't pay attention to it. Every time we make something out of nothing, that's an act of magic. It doesn't matter if it's a painting or a garden, or an abuelo telling his grandchildren some tall tale. Every time we fix something that's broken, whether it's a car engine or a broken heart, that's an act of magic.And what makes it magic is that we *choose* to create or help, just as we can choose to harm. But it's so easy to destroy and so much harder to make things better. That's why doing the right thing makes you stronger.If we can only remember what we are and what we can do, nobody can bind us or control us.
Gene Wolfe|A successful story always offers its audience more than a simple resolution of events. A story offers a dramatic affirmation of human needs that are acted out to resolution and fulfillment. Even when that resolution and fulfillment are dark, the journey can still be vivid, potent and illuminating.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no Gnan (True Knowledge) where there is ‘egoism’ and where there is Gnan, there is no ‘egoism’.
Libba Bray|I want to be romantic, and songs are a good way to do that.
Molly O'Keefe, The Truth About Him|There would be no salvaging this. I was going to die a spinster with cobwebs feasting on my vagina, I just knew it.
Bruce Sutter|Teaching does allow me to keep one foot in the youthful waters I tend to occupy in my novels, so I'm thankful for that. My students also remind me on a daily basis that the stories I collected during my district attorney days are actually interesting to people who haven't had that experience.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Embrace: A Stone Guardian After-Scene|Sammi watched him walk toward her.He walked like a predator, a conqueror. A king who ruled and commanded all. He was sex and sin, decadence and sensuality.He was, simply put, spectacular.
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|When true repentance occurs and lifestyles change, God can do marvelous works of restoration. Denying sin, however is not a characteristic of a repentant heart.
Warren G. Bennis|Effective leaders make it easy for people around them to tell the truth, to be candid and open.
Caitlin Moran|Politics will always mean more to the poor. Always. That's why we strike and march, and despair when our young say they won't vote. That's why the poor are seen as more vital, and animalistic. No classical music for us - no walking around National Trust properties or buying reclaimed flooring. We don't have nostalgia. We don't do yesterday. We can't bear it. We don't want to be reminded of our past, because it was awful: dying in mines and slums without literacy or the vote. Without dignity. It was all so desperate then. That's why the present and the future is for the poor - that's the place in time for us: surviving now, hoping for better later. We live now - for our own instant hot, fast treats, to pep us up: sugar, a cigarette, a new fast song on the radio.
John Grogan|A dog has no use for fancy cars or big homes or designer clothes. Status symbol means nothing to him. A waterlogged stick will do just fine. A dog judges others not by their color or creed or class but by who they are inside. A dog doesn't care if you are rich or poor, educated or illiterate, clever or dull. Give him your heart and he will give you his. It was really quite simple, and yet we humans, so much wiser and more sophisticated, have always had trouble figuring out what really counts and what does not. As I wrote that farewell column to Marley, I realized it was all right there in front of us, if only we opened our eyes. Sometimes it took a dog with bad breath, worse manners, and pure intentions to help us see.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I much prefer not to fall, unless of course I am falling into the hands of God.
Ron Rash, Serena|Every single world we've visited isn't just random—it's the result of countless choices, all of them combining to create a new reality. You and I have been given an infinity of chances, and that's so much more than mot people will ever get—but in the end we get to live in only one world, and that's the world we make. I want us to create that world together.
Elizabeth Morgan, Blood Secrets|I lifted my head, my gaze meeting his. “Wanting something doesn’t guarantee you will get it.”“A man can still hope.”“I’ve never had much room for hope.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|It's nothing fancy, I opened a jar of sauce and cooked the linguine. But there's fresh Parmesan and I even found a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon.""You found wine." Earlier he'd been thinking about microwaved Who Hash, solitude and if he was very lucky, beer.But a hot, fresh-cooked meal? Candles? Wine? And a chatty yoga-elf chef? With a body like a Las Vegas showgirl?
Jillian Medoff, Hunger Point|My only relief is to sleep. When I'm sleeping, I'm not sad, I'm not angry, I'm not lonely, I'm nothing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In tears, we labour for what we want.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|There is no dictionary in the world that includes the words ’skinny’ or ‘fat’ under the definitions of ‘beautiful’ and ‘ugly’. So, focus on being healthy and stop the self-criticism.
John Burnside, The Dumb House|It's laughable, looking back, to see the processes I went through, pretending to make a reasoned decision. No choice is ever made on the basis of logic; the logic is fabricated around the impulse, the initial desire which is innate and incontrovertible. All the time, I knew where I was going, the elements of my fulfillment or ruin were always present; I only had to work my way into that seam of desire and find the hidden vein of dross or gold. It's not a question of predestination, it's just that free will and destiny are illusions, false opposites, consolations. In the end, they are one and the same: a single process. You choose what you choose and it could not have been otherwise: the choice is destiny. It was there all along, but any alternative you might have considered is an absurd diversion, because it is in your nature to make one choice rather than another. That is identity. To speak of freedom or destiny is absurd because it suggests there is something outside yourself, directing your life, where really it is of the essence: identity, the craftwork of the soul.
Ruben Hinojosa|Our record number of teenagers must become our record number of high school and college graduates and our record number of teachers, scientists, doctors, lawyers, and skilled professionals.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|The past is a distant, receding coastline, and we are all in the same boat. Along the stern rail there is a line of telescopes; each brings the shore into focus at a given distance. If the boat is becalmed, one of the telescopes will be in continual use; it will seem to tell the whole, the unchanging truth. But this is an illusion; and as the boat sets off again, we return to our normal activity: scurrying from one telescope to another, seeing the sharpness fade in one, waiting for the blur to clear in another. And when the blur does clear, we imagine that we have made it do so all by ourselves.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|We all practice self-deception to a degree; no man can handle complete honesty without being cut at each turn. There's not enough room in a man's head for sanity alongside each grief, each worry, each terror that he owns. I’m well used to burying such things in a dark cellar and moving on.
James Madison|Many years ago, I concluded that a few hair shirts were part of the mental wardrobe of every man. The president differs from other men in that he has a more extensive wardrobe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever time is giving us, it will take everything back!
E.B. White|Remember that writing is translation, and the opus to be translated is yourself.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I understood how strangers met and fell into bed, not how they met and fell in love. I wasn't sure what falling in love meant. The very notion seemed so corny, so arbitrary, so fragile.
|The only approval that you need in your life, is the one that comes from God.
George Osborne|I'm all self-taught. I never had a teacher. Even for English, and French, and German, I hardly went to school.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Remember my friend, uncontrolled alcohol, uncontrolled casual sex and mindless indoctrination are not signs of progress, they are signs of drowning into the abyss of mental and physical degradation.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Mr Lorry asks the witness questions:Ever been kicked? Might have been.Frequently? No. Ever kicked down stairs? Decidedly not; once received a kick at the top of a staircase, and fell down stairs of his own accord.
Thomas Traherne|While American football is very structured and linear and static - where everyone lines up, and there's a burst, and it happens - soccer is like the cosmos. It's like constellations. It's bodies moving in space. It's a very spherical game.
Terry Pratchett|And now the birds were singing overhead, and there was a soft rustling in the undergrowth, and all the sounds of the forest that showed that life was still being lived blended with the souls of the dead in a woodland requiem. The whole forest now sang for Granny Weatherwax.
Josh Strnad, Pantheon|We're two fools, you know," he said, looking into her eyes. "I don't remember the moment I fell in love with you, but I breathe it in every minute, every day.
Shayna Varadeaux, True Fate|Aaron was beside himself grabbing his keys and running out of his office leaving everyone staring at him. He heard Becca call his name but he didn't have the time, Nia needed him and he had to go now! He felt like he was suffocating as he started the car and pushed the gas down as far as it would go. This guardian bond thing was more intense than he ever thought possible.
Viktor E. Frankl|I’d never seen a man cry before, only on TV. I’d never even seen Dad close to crying. Those tears looked so odd on you. It was like the strength of you just seemed to sap away. The surprise of it stopped me from being so scared.
Kate Elliott, Cold Magic|for Steve, less is always more, simpler is always better. Therefore, if you can build a glass box with fewer elements, it’s better, it’s simpler, and it’s at the forefront of technology. That’s where Steve likes to be, in both his products and his stores.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|We are split people. For myself, half of me wishes to sit quietly with legs crossed, letting the things that are beyond my control wash over me. But the other half wants to fight a holy war. Jihad! And certainly we could argue this out in the street, but I think, in the end, your past is not my past and your truth is not my truth and your solution---it is not my solution. So I do not know what it is you would like me to say. Truth and firmness is one suggestion, though there are many people you can ask if that answer does not satisfy. Personally, my hope lies in the last days. The prophet Muhammad---peace be upon Him!---tells us that on the Day of Resurrection everyone will be struck unconscious. Deaf and dumb. No chitchat. Tongueless. And what a bloody relief that will be.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I'm hurting you to make you a better soldier in every way. To sharpen your wit. To intensify your effort. To keep you off balance, never sure what's going to happen next, so you always have to be ready for anything, ready to improvise, determined to win no matter what. I'm also making you miserable.
Patrick  Higgins|At the heart of racism stands Satan, not man. No one is more pleased by the racial tension in the world than God's ultimate enemy. I'm sure he marvels at how shallow we humans tend to be, by hating one another simply because of skin color! If you are a child of the Most High God and you are fighting in this war of division and hatred (even if only in thought), you are fighting for the enemy.If this is you, you need to repent of this sin and start seeing others the way God sees them, as made in His image. If not, Satan will keep stirring your mind with thoughts that will not only further stoke the burning hatred of racism deep within you, it will put even more distance between you and the One who saw your unformed body before the foundations of the world, and knit you together in your mother's womb.
Cathy Caruth, Unclaimed Experience: Trauma, Narrative and History|As modern neurobiologists point out, the repetition of the traumatic experience in the flashbacks can be itself re-traumatizing; if not life-threatening, it is at least threatening to the chemical structure of the brain and can ultimately lead to deterioration. And this would also seem to explain the high suicide rate of survivor, for example, survivors of Vietnam.
Connie di Marco, The Madness of Mercury|The space between "Girl" and "Friend" is occupied by an infinite universe called ‪#‎FriendZone‬.It's a one way road. :P
JohnA Passaro, Again|I drop kindness pebbles in still water everyday, and I watch the effect they have on other people’s lives.My favorite kindness pebbles are compliments.Drop a compliment and watch the ripple affect that it has in your life.
Hiro Mashima|If it's to protect our family, be it the Kingdom or the entire world... We would make anyone our enemy! That's what it means to be Fairy Tail!!
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|When life tries to define you with its hardship, you gotta push back, look it straight in the eye and say, ‘No matter what life throws at me, I’m going to keep telling myself that I will overcome.’ And every time you own that truth, you write your own life script.
Timothy J. Keller, King's Cross: The Story of the World in the Life of Jesus|If you go to Jesus to get a new personality, Lewis says, you still haven't really gone to Jesus. Your real self will not come out as long as you are looking for it; it will only emerge when you're looking for Him.
Leon Uris, QB VII|In God's scheme what is a few billion years here and there. Perhaps there have come and gone a dozen human civilizations in the past billion years that we know nothing about. And after this civilization we are living in destroys itself, it will all start up again in a million years when the planet has all its messes cleaned up. Then, finally, one of these civilizations, say five billion years from now, will last because people treat each other the way they ought to.
E.M. Forster|The judicial wheel is rounded with equality, oiled with honour and functions smoothly with honesty – principally when both members of the Bench and Bar shoulder their responsibilities seriously.
Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez!|Instead of heading for a big mental breakdown, I decided to have a small breakdown every Tuesday evening.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|Where affluence is the rule, the true threat is the loss of desire.(...) What is new is not that prosperity depends on stimulating demand. It is that it cannot continue without inventing new vices.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We cannot simply forgive and forget, nor should we.
Keith  Houghton, Crossing Lines|No matter which way you dice it, self-preservation is selfish.
David A. Bednar|We are in the school [or mortality] and keep learning and we do not expect to cease learning while we live on earth; and when we pass through the veil, we expect still to continue to learn and increase our fund of information.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Vegard and Riston's job today was to guard and protect me. And considering that I was in a tower room in the Guardians' citadel, it looked like a pretty plum assignment. I mean, how much trouble could a girl get into under heavy guard in a tower room? Notice I didn't ask that question out loud. No need to rub Fate's nose in something when I'd been tempting her enough lately.Phaelan had generously his guard services as well, just in case something happened to me that my Guardian bodyguards couldn't handle. Phaelan's guard-on-duty stance resembled his pirate-on-shore-leave stane of leaning back in a chair with his feet up, but instead of a tavern table, his boots were doing a fine job of holding down the windowsill. I don't know how I'd ever felt safe without him.
Benjamin Constant, Principles of Politics Applicable to All Governments|What is freedom to a nation, but freedom to the individuals in it?
Lalah Delia|If you walked away from atoxic, negative, abusive,one-sided, dead-endlow vibrationalrelationship or friendship — you won.
Tony Benn|When you control their water, you control the people.
Chelsea Clinton|I was five years old; I got addicted to being on stage. I felt like it was the most wonderful place on Earth, performing in front of an audience, who in this case were a bunch of classmates, kids my age.
Avina Celeste|Why is there never enough time to pursue my dreams? Yet, I have time to browse memes, laugh at cats doing silly things, and stare off into the distance. My dream is to do what I love and yet I still don't pursue that dream. When we fear failure we allow ourselves to fail every day by not pursuing our dreams.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I straightened up and looked out the plane window at the dark clouds hanging over the North Sea, thinking of what I had lost in the course of my life: times gone forever, friends who had died or disappeared, feelings I would never know again.
Glenn Beck, The Christmas Sweater|Remember what I told you. If they hated me, they will hate you.
Tarthang Tulku, Time, Space & Knowledge: A New Vision of Reality|All questions have a basis in love. All answers lead to LOVE. If you can color everything in love, you have all the colors in the world.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|People who lost their mother should be careful about committing crime, because probably no one else is praying to save you.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Words are a pretext. It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Death would not surprise us as often as it does, if we let go of the misbelief that newborns are less mortal than the elderly.
Dean Koontz, The Good Guy|Appearances are not reality; but they often can be a convincing alternative to it. You can control appearances most of the time, but facts are what they are. When the facts are too sharp, you can craft a cheerful version of the situation and cover the facts the way that you can covered a battered old four-slice toaster with a knitted cozy featuring images of kittens.
Michelle McKinney Hammond, The Unspoken Rules of Love: What Women Don't Know and Men Don't Tell You|Happiness is part of being whole. It means having an understanding of your identity and purpose, an established feeling of acceptance and value, and a sense of destiny, joy, and peace -- all of which produce overall well-being. It is impossible to be consistently happy without these characteristics. All people need to know who they are, why they are here, and to whom they belong. Having an understanding of who we are in Christ is foundational to the belief system that allows us to possess these qualities. The Bible says in Romans 14:17 that the kingdom of God is righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit. You find in this passage all these characteristics that grow out of being in right relationship with God. His presence is always accompanied by peace and joy; in other words, a sense of total well-being.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|To save a man and thereby to spare a father's agony and a mother's feelings is not to do a noble deed, it is but an act of humanity.
Michael Faraday|It is right that we should stand by and act on our principles; but not right to hold them in obstinate blindness, or retain them when proved to be erroneous.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|Salty tears stream down my face—coating my lips as I mutter senseless apologies for so many things. So many irreversible things.Morpheus peels the vines off and lifts me, cradling me to his chest.
|Some people ask me, 'Why do you do what you do with so much passion?' So I tell them, I prefer to be a helping hand to others than to sit around and watch them suffer in the territory of pain and suffering. It doesn't hurt to share your God's given gift or wisdom with the world.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|No God, no messiah, no prophet can grant your wishes – it is only through your own efforts that you can make your wishes come true – it is only you who can grant your own wishes.
Homer, The Iliad|But now, as it is, sorrows, unending sorrows must surge within your heart as well—for your own son’s death. Never again will you embrace him stiding home. My spirit rebels—I’ve lost the will to live, to take my stand in the world of men—
Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono|The result is that the same generation is in danger of growing up with 170 terabytes of knowledge and information, but not more than a few bits of wisdom.
Hope Irving, Twice upon a Time|Gifted Deirdre cast the spell that enabled our souls to eventually be reunited. She couldn't bear for us to be apart, and neither could I.
John Steeksma, Working The Mind: A Guide to the Development of Thinking Capacity for all Students and Readers|When opponents of evolution object that human beings are not mere apes, they are correct. We are also part bee.
Vikram Patel|Modern people are only willing to believe in their computers, while I believe in myself.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Our lives must be spent seeking our God, for God hides; but His artifices, once they be known, seem so simple and smiling! From that moment, the merest nothing reveals His presence, and the greatness of our life depends on so little.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Trusting me,” Teren murmurs, “is a dangerous game, mi Adelinetta.”“I’m doing more than that,” I reply. “For the rest of this journey, you will be my personal guard.”At that, Teren’s eyes flare with surprise and anger. “I’m not your lackey, Your Majesty.”“And I’m not Giulietta,” I fire back.
Khloe Kardashian|Years ago I was diagnosed with a condition, and my doctors prescribed human growth hormone and testosterone for its treatment. Under medical supervision, I have continued to use both medications.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Actually, years mean nothing. It's what's inside them.
Gretchen Rubin|I did imitations of anyone who came to my parents' house, and that was my identity at school - if there were ten minutes to lunch, and the teacher was done with the lesson, he'd say, 'Okay, Leo, get up there and do something.'
Ving Rhames|I contracted malaria in rural Mozambique. I was a youth ambassador for Australia. For a year after high school, you give positive speeches about Australia and as part of it I traveled to lots of different countries.
Nan Fairbrother|There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn; whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|After chopping off all the arms that reached out to me; after boarding up all the windows and doors; after filling all the pits with poisoned water; after building my house on the rock of a No inaccessible to flattery and fear; after cutting out my tongue and eating it; after hurling handfuls of silence and monosyllables of scorn at my loves; after forgetting my name and the name of my birthplace and the name of my race; after judging and sentencing myself to perpetual waiting and perpetual loneliness, I heard against the stones of my dungeon of syllogisms the humid, tender, insistent onset of spring.
Ann Patchett, What Now?|Coming back is the thing that enables you to see how all the dots in your life are connected, how one decision leads you another, how one twist of fate, good or bad, brings you to a door that later takes you to another door, which aided by several detours--long hallways and unforeseen stairwells--eventually puts you in the place you are now.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|Do stories, apart from happening, being, have something to say? For all my skepticism, some trace of irrational superstition did survive in me, the strange conviction, for example, that everything in life that happens to me also has a sense, that it means something, that life speaks to us about itself through its story, that it gradually reveals a secret, that it takes the form of a rebus whose message must be deciphered, that the stories we live compromise the mythology of our lives and in that mythology lies the key to truth and mystery. Is it an illusion? Possibly, even probably, but I can’t rid myself of the need continually to decipher my own life.
E. T. Bell|Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
Victoria Kahler, Capturing the Sunset|wherever you go,wherever you live, still the stars up there will remain the same, as they were when we were together.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If there is a powerful light within you, it will be clearly visible to others!
William Golding|Maybe you're getting into the rhythm of sailing life," says James. He looks out at the waves that are rolling in to lap against the dock. "You know, the tides going in and then out, the wind blowing east and then west, the high of a perfect day out on the water, the low of a thunderstorm or a wind that won't go your way.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|Sometimes, things just aren't meant to be. Sometimes, no matter how bad you want it, you got to let it go. True.. Letting go.
Joan Jett|In life, try your best to do the right thing. Have fun while you're alive. Take advantage of every asset you have. Don't take anything for granted.
Sheena Hutchinson, Discovering April|All writers begin as readers, and the ones worth reading continue life as more prolific readers than writers.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Trust me, though, the words were on their way, and when they arrived, Liesel would hold them in her hands like the clouds, and she would wring them out like rain.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|I see an ocean that’s spilled out of a wineglass, its body clear and sparkling and folding over itself. I see a ribbon of sand.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Never have things of the spirit counted for so little. Never has hatred for everything great been so manifest – disdain for beauty, execration of literature. I have always tried to live in an ivory tower, but a tide of shit is beating at its walls, threatening to undermine it.
Tim Hiller, Strive: Life is Short, Pursue What Matters|We all are striving for something every minute of the day, whether we realize it or not.
Quetzal|The name of life is Pain right now,Growing pain, a familiar pain,pain the tares my soul apart,Pain that only those who have seen death face to face can understand,Pain that forces me to look up, or down, and then within, The name of life is pain right now,Pain that tares my heart and soul to pieces,Pain that kills, and burns, Growing pain; that 's the name life right now.
Anihyr Moonstar|But, in making the sacrifices that the Government asks us to make, we are not protecting our freedom. We are giving away our freedom in exchange for a false sense of security.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Charles A. Beard|Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory.
Darynda Jones|Writing is a solitary endeavor, being an author is not.
Pope Francis|I don't judge others. I say if you feel good with what you're doing, let your freak flag fly.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|I don’t make any pretence of knowing about the existence of a Supreme Entity, neither do I make any attempt to create any friction among religions. If anything, I have spared myself no pains in my endeavor to smoothen the ongoing friction among all religions of the world.
Richard Branson|A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Stan Tatkin, Wired for Love: How Understanding Your Partner's Brain and Attachment Style Can Help You Defuse Conflict and Build a Secure Relationship|When we enter into a relationship, we want to matter to our partner, to be visible and important....We want to know our efforts are noticed and appreciated. We want to know our relationship is regarded as important by our partner and will not be relegated to second or third place because of a competing person, task, or thing.
Alexander McCall Smith, Blue Shoes and Happiness|The difference between champions and everyone else is that champions are never afraid of losing, while everyone else is afraid of winning.
Mac DeMarco|You know how on Christmas day, the day feels different, even if you're just sitting in your chair waiting for your girlfriend to put her face on and you haven't even started any of the festivities yet, the day still feels different. The electrons are fatter and pushier.
Virginia Postrel|Once upon a time, the homemaker was just Mom, but now we've evolved and come to a place where we're celebrating grandmas, grandpas, moms, dads - all the people that keep it safe and clean for our kids - and the overall health for ourselves so we can continue to function and do the variety of things we all do.
Colm Tóibín|Well, I didn't really know what to say. So maybe I should say that I have thought about you and I like you, I like seeing you, I care for you and maybe I love you too. And the next time if you tell me you love me, I'll--" She stopped."You'll what?""I'll say I love you too.
Robert Anton Wilson, The Widow's Son|I'd had years of practise looking dumb when people threw out Greek names I didn't know. It's a skill of mine. Annabeth keeps telling me to read a book of Greek myths, but I don't see the need. It's easier just to have folks explain stuff.
Francis Ford Coppola|My father, being a Scotsman, taught me to look after finances. I'm shrewd. Some people may call me tight.
Linda Thompson|I don't like a girl on social media, when you have an open inbox, answering questions from dudes left and right every day. What's the point? It's like having your number all out. Everybody think they're famous when they get 100,000 followers on Instagram and 5,000 on Twitter.
N. Kazantzakis|You know, very few people really want to become individuals," he says. "People claim they do, but they don't. They want to retain the invisibility of childhood anonymity forever. But that's not possible except in a police state. In an ordinary life, you have to become yourself.
Amay Saxena|I am a writer and things which don't happen in real world, happen in my world.
Debasish Mridha|When you're looking for me, I am hiding in your heart, just find me with your light.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|I believe that words are strong, that they can overwhelm what we fear when fear seems more awful than life is good.
Munia Khan|Dr. Lois Jolyon West was cleared at Top Secret for his work on MKULTRA. West's numerous connections to the mind control network illustrate how the network is maintained, not through any central conspiracy, but by an interlocking network of academic relationships, grants, conferences, and military appointments. Some doctors in the network were not funded directly by the CIA or military, but their work was of direct relevance to mind control, non-lethal weapons development, creation of controlled dissociation and the building of Manchurian Candidates.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Game Changer|I said that i would try to win, but to win for her.
B.C. Sirrom|Chaos exists only in the moment. But Fate knows all. Every action and reaction. Since everything is destined, nothing is random... Chaos is only an illusion.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|It's strange how many ways there are to miss someone. You miss the things they did and who they were, but you also miss who you were to them. The way everything you said and did was beautiful or entertaining or important. How much you mattered.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|At Yale, most everyone (except Oswaldo Gutierrez) refrained from telling Rob what to do, because of the way he'd grown up in Newark. In Newark, most everyone (except Oswaldo Gutierrez) refrained from telling Rob what to do, because of the way he'd gone to Yale.
Janet Yellen|It is hard to conceive of the utter demoralization, of the political blindness and immorality, of the patriotic dishonesty, of the cruelty and degradation of a people who supplemented the incomparable Declaration of Independence with the Fugitive Slave Law.
Kahlil Gibran|Behind the veil of each night, there is a smiling dawn.
Lizzie K. Foley, Remarkable|I may wish to return to my home in England, and I stand in New York, but ever since I was born I have been bound to this earth by a law that I have never been able to break--the law of gravity. I am told, however, that there is another law, a higher law, the law of aero-dynamics, and if only I will be willing to commit myself in total trust to this new law, then this new law will set me free from the old law. By faith I step into the plane, I sit back in the rest of faith, and as those mighty engines roar into life, I discover that the new law of aero-dynamics sets me free from the law of gravity.
Sophie Scholl|Somebody, after all, had to make a start. What we wrote and said is also believed by many others. They just don't dare express themselves as we did.
Rob Shepherd|I Believe When People Go To Hell, They Relive Their Worst Life Experience, Over And Over Again.
Karl Jaspers, Leonardo, Descartes, Max Weber: Three Essays|The ideal subject of totalitarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the convinced Communist, but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction (i.e., the reality of experience) and the distinction between true and false (i.e., the standards of thought) no longer exist.
Jane Austen, Emma|Emma has been meaning to read more ever since she was twelve years old. I have seen a great many lists of her drawingup at various times of books that she meant to read regularly through—and very good lists they were—very well chosen, and very neatly arranged—sometimes alphabetically, and sometimes by some other rule. The list she drew up when only fourteen—I remember thinking it did her judgment so much credit, that I preserved it some time; and I dare say she may have made out a very good list now. But I have done with expecting any course of steady reading from Emma. She will never submit to any thing requiring industry and patience, and a subjection of the fancy to the understanding.
Kourtney Kardashian|I was surprised that everyone calls it 'morning sickness,' because it lasted all day. For me, it was even worse at night. During my first two pregnancies, I felt so nauseous all day that I could only eat plain toast and bland foods - no proteins.
Thomas Pynchon|Advertising expresses a power relationship . . . One person, the advertiser, invades; millions absorb. And to what end? So that people will buy something! A deep, profound and disturbing act by the few against the many for a trivial purpose.
Madonna Ciccone|Religion is never going to go away, and anyone who thinks it will doesn't understand what religion is. It is a language to describe the experience of human nature, so for as long as people struggle to describe what it means to be alive, it will be a ready-made language to express those feelings.
Nanette Mathews|Sure, I've had times it was hard to meditate....But even then I still end up being more calmly agitated.
Paul Auster, Moon Palace|The moon people do not eat by swallowing food but by smelling it. Their money is poetry - actual poems, written out on pieces of paper whose value is determined by the worth of the poem itself.
Wildbow|To fill the fathomless caverns of my thirsty soul I must work entirely contrary to impulses of my own humanity, for it is in emptying myself at the very point where I am most empty that I fill myself.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|We are all one race. The only difference is the color of our skin, and that comes from how close your ancestors lived to the Equator or at high altitudes like Tibetans. There have always been tribes, but what we have to appreciate now is that we live in a global community. And tribal loyalties…they’re not relevant to our future.
Drew Barrymore|My mom is a huge woman of worth for me because she's been my idol my whole life. My mom was someone who juggled everything. She had her own career, she raised five kids, she was Superwoman... and she was never satisfied doing just one thing because... she probably just had too much energy.
Julie   Johnson, The Monday Girl|A boy made of stardust and selfishness; a girl filled with fire and fury at the world. We are a tangle of emotional wreckage, two broken messes thrown together, trying to navigate something we can barely comprehend.
Cheryl Zelenka|It's very strange that WE always wish to listen good for ourselves from others, but at the same time becomes tough for us to speak good for OTHERS.
Saleem Durrani|We(humans) have immortal capabilities, its just that we take them for granted.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Beauty will not come at the call of the legislature.... It will come, as always, unannounced, and spring up between the feet of brave and earnest men.
Julian Huxley, The Captive Shrew and other poems of a Biologist|By death the moon was gathered in Long ago, ah long ago;Yet still the silver corpse must spinAnd with another's light must glow.Her frozen mountains must forgetTheir primal hot volcanic breath,Doomed to revolve for ages yet,Void amphitheatres of death.And all about the cosmic sky,The black that lies beyond our blue,Dead stars innumerable lie,And stars of red and angry hueNot dead but doomed to die.
Richard Shelby|The private citizen, beset by partisan appeals for the loan of his Public Opinion, will soon see, perhaps, that these appeals are not a compliment to his intelligence, but an imposition on his good nature and an insult to his sense of evidence.
Lindsey Stirling|I come from the school who thought the Internet could be the great democratising force, that getting rid of the gatekeepers was a positive move.
Mother Teresa|I'm a little pencil in the hand of a writing God, who is sending a love letter to the world.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|I don't care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching--they are your family.
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|This time, I sat next to a pixie girl called Takara, who had pinkish hair and wore a bright pink dress to match. She was the first forest-dweller I had seen wearing jewellery: she was wearing a necklace and bracelet of finely worked crystal beads. When she noticed my interest, she removed her bracelet and held it out to me. “Sophiel, I would be so pleased if you would wear this!”I was surprised by this kind and very selfless gesture; after all, I had not been admiring her jewels with any intention of asking her to part with them!“You’re very kind, Takara, but I was merely admiring your handiwork!” I said, trying politely to refuse her gift. “Mitsuko told me that you make your jewellery yourself. You’re very talented, they’re really lovely pieces, but I wouldn’t want to take them away from you. It’s you that makes these jewels really beautiful!
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Bastard|Dr. Webber rolled her eyes, unimpressed with my timing, and probably a little irritated with my lack of materials. I winked, and the slightest smile touched her lips.
Joseph M. Puglia|No one warrior, no protestor, no member of the silent majority walked away from the Vietnam war unscathed.
Helen Keller|What I'm looking for is not out there, it is in me.
Rick Bragg, My Southern Journey: True Stories from the Heart of the South|But I hope I will never have a life that is not surrounded by books, by books that are bound in paper and cloth and glue, such perishable things for ideas that have lasted thousands of years, or just since the most recent Harry Potter. I hope I am always walled in by the very weight and breadth and clumsy, inefficient, antiquated bulk of them, hope I spend my last days on this Earth arranging and rearranging them on thrones of good, honest pine, oak, and mahogany, because they just feel good in my hands, because I just like to look at their covers, and dream of the promise of the great stories inside.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Why do you suppose I’m here?” I asked him. Angel. A thirteen-year-old departed gangbanger. “Just ’cause you’re supposed to be, I guess.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|Isn't one of the first lessons of good elocution that there's nothing one can say in any rambling, sprawling rant that can't, through some effort, be said shorter and better with a little careful editing? Or that, in writing, there's nothing you can describe in any page-filling paragraph that can't be captured better in just a sentence or two? Perhaps even nothing in any sentence which cannot better be refined in a single, spot-on word? Does it not follow, then, that there's likely nothing one can say in any word - in saying anything at all - that, ultimately, isn't better left unsaid? (attrib: F.L. Vanderson)
RVM|Very often, we let little things spoil some of our most important treasures—our Moment, our Day, our Life.-RVM
Robert Orben|The best way to measure the loss of intellectual sophistication - this "nerdification," to put it bluntly - is in the growing disappearance of sarcasm, as mechanic minds take insults a bit too literally.
Yasmine Galenorn, Totem Magic: Dance of the Shape-Shifter|Partly it was a sort of hymn to the wisdom and majesty of Big Brother, but still more it was an act of self-hypnosis, a deliberate drowning of consciousness by means of rhythmic noise.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|I have a pretty good memory, but memories are time beings, too, like cherry blossoms or ginkgo leaves; for a while they are beautiful, and then they fade and die.
Shellie Rushing Tomlinson|One, just one, but definitely one of the great benefits of private prayer is that you can’t hide from your motives. In corporate prayer, we can sound like “all that”. We can blow Jesus smoke like nobody’s bizness in a crowd but, get alone with Him, and He won’t let you get away with the fake stuff. Try blowing Jesus smoke in your prayer closet and you’ll cough on it every time. Truth? That penetrating gaze of His hurts, but afterwards, it never fails to heal.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|It seems to me, that you people spend a great deal of time talking about honour, but strip away the high sounding words and you are no different from any other race. Family? Has Priam not killed wayward sons? When a king dies do his sons not go to war with one another to succeed him? Men speak of how you reacted to your father's death. They say it was amazing, for you did not order your little brother's execution. Your race thrives on blood and death, Helikaon. Your ships raid the coasts of other nations, stealing slaves, burning and plundering. Warriors brag of how many men they have killed, and women they have raped. Almost all of your kings either seized their thrones with swords and murder, or are children of men who seized power with swords and murder. So put all this talk of honour to one side.
Magnus Larsson|In the numerous observations made in my laboratory upon this object, we have only once seen a combination of vessels in which there might be a direct communication between a small artery and a vein, though the two observers could not come to a final conclusion on the point.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|Why it is that a garment which is honestly attractive in, say, 1910 should be honestly ridiculous a few years later and honestly charming again a few years later still is one of those things which are not satisfactorily to be explained and are therefore jolly and exciting and an addition to the perennial interest of life.
Guatama Buddha|When we free ourselves from desire, we will know serenity and freedom.
Ashish Patel|When you do what someone else wants you to do, you are wasting your time. Don’t get tricked by other people’s thinking. The life is yours and so are goals. Believe in your own intuitions, speak your own voice, and follow what your heart says. The rest is secondary.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom: having the most important thing in the world without owning it
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|The person may have a scar, but it also means they have a story
Rachel Nichols|Hockey suffers from being compared to itself in ways that other sports are not. Every four years, some of us fawn over Olympic hockey, a great event with bigger rinks, minimal goonishness and national pride in addition to the heightened skills of veritable all-star squads.
Marc Bolan, Marc Bolan Lyric Book|A DAY LAYE""Every dawn of our lives a heart is forged andLinked with lore to one so similarBorn with blessed life dustStored beneath its soulTo bless and pass onto its childrenEven though the wind may blow it all awayDon't ever worry 'cos I'm your friend.
Debra Anastasia, Return to Poughkeepsie|Tell me I’m enough for you,” he demanded. “Can you be with me even though I’m so wrong?” She was satin and warmth. The way she squeezed, he was desperate to move, pound, inject her.She looked at him. “This is. You are. I can’t do this any more if it’s not with you. So please fuck me straight to hell.
Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion|I explained my opinion of the ship’s logic. “That is a strange designation,” said the ship. “While I have certain organic elements incorporated into my substructure and decentralized DNA computing components, I am not—in the strictest sense of the term—a biological organism. I have no digestive system. No need for elimination, other than the occasional waste gas and passenger effluvium. Therefore, I have no anus in either real or figurative terms. Therefore, I hardly believe I could qualify to be called an …” “Shut up,” I said.
David Eddings|I never saw anybody take so long to dress, and with such little result.
Erma Bombeck|When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me.
|JESUSJust when you think it is over, He always comes for your rescue in a very miraculous way.Every satanic power must bow when His Mighty name is mentioned.Success and happiness would become inevitable when you trust and follow His daily guidance.Unlike any man on earth, you can place all your trust, hope and faith in Him, and He will never betray you.Seek Him to be your King, and you would surely discover what it means to live a meaningful life with a true purpose.
TammyJo Eckhart, At Her Feet: Powering Your Femdom Relationship|Submissive men, men who desire to serve as consensual slaves, are on one of the most difficult journeys in the world today, because they have rejected patriarchal privilege and embraced their own heart's calling instead.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Franklin, I was absolutely terrified of having a child. Before I got pregnant, my visions of child rearing- reading stories about cabooses with smiley faces at bedtime, feeding glop into slack mouths- all seemed like pictures of someone else. I dreaded confrontation with what could prove a closed, stony nature, my own selfishness and lack of generosity, the thick tarry powers of my own resentment. However intrigued by a “turn of the page,” I was mortified by the prospect of becoming hopelessly trapped in someone else’s story. And I believe that this terror is precisely what must have snagged me, the way a ledge will tempt one to jump off. The very surmountability of the task, its very unattractiveness , was in the end what attracted me to it. (32)
Kate Hudson|My dad never blew anything up, but he probably had friends who did. He and my mom have always preached that the pen is mightier than a Molotov cocktail.
L.M. Montgomery|Are ye the ghosts of fallen leaves, O flakes of snow, For which, through naked trees, the winds A-mourning go?
Aimee Bender, An Invisible Sign of My Own|It is all about numbers. It is all about sequence. It's the mathematical logic of being alive. If everything kept to its normal progression, we would live with the sadness--cry and then walk--but what really breaks us cleanest are the losses that happen out of order.
T.S. Tate|It was to remind me how lucky we are that the beggar was placed in my path. You see, some people live all their lives without knowing which path is right. They're buffeted by this wind or that and never really know where they're going. That's largely the fate of commoners-those who have no choice over their destiny.For those of us born as samurai, life is something else. We know the path of duty and we follow it without question. But even that may not be easy because there may be insurmountable obstacles. Such as what that blind beggar faces. He might have a secret dream of revenge against an oppressor too. He might have justice on his side as we do now, but there is nothing he can do about it. I say we're lucky-we know what has to be done and it's within out capability to make it happen!…Remember, there's sacrifice involved in any kind of life. Even the man who chooses the safe way has to give up the thrill of combat. The point is that once you know what you want, you must be prepared to sacrifice everything to get it. Those who realize this are the fortunate ones. Those who know and can try. What more can a man ask for than that?
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Any problems that may occur have ultimately been caused by you, because you are responsible for where you are and what you are doing there.
Nikki Rowe|Your intuition won't fail you, the quest dear; is to silence your mind so you can feel your way home.
Jeanne Birdsall, The Penderwicks on Gardam Street|Darling,You asked me to write you a letter, so I am writing you a letter. I do not know why I am writing you this letter, or what this letter is supposed to be about, but I am writing it nonetheless, because I love you very much and trust that you have some good purpose for having me write this letter. I hope that one day you will have the experience of doing something you do not understand for someone you love.Your father
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|If the writer were more like a reader, he’d be a reader, not a writer. It’s as uncomplicated as that.
Kate Nash|You’re wishin’ too much, baby. You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone oughtta be.
Regan Walker, To Tame the Wind|Sometimes, when we least expect it, we catch a glimpse of someone, a face, perhaps only a smile, and our heart latches on and will not let go. It may not be love at first, but soon and for always.
Georgina Bloomberg|I didn't write my book, 'I Don't Care About Your Band,' in order to give women a brand-new set of dating rules they need to feel terrible about not abiding. I wrote my book to make the women who read it feel good about themselves, and a little more entitled to be treated well by the guys they go out with.
Josef Camilleri|Don't be afraid of change. You may lose something good, but you will gain something better.
Michael Kelahan, The World's Greatest Love Letters|Lie naked on the table, and let them cut. Criticism is surgery, and humility is the anesthetic that allows you to tolerate it. In the end, the process will make you a stronger, more flexible, and truly creative writer. It will replace attitude with genuine confidence, and empty arrogance with artistry.
N. T. Wright|Web 2.0 ideas have a chirpy, cheerful rhetoric to them, but I think they consistently express a profound pessimism about humans, human nature and the human future.
Jim Harrison, In Search of Small Gods|You don't have to become what you already are, which is a relief.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|I am so grateful that I have my family and friends on this journey. They are my blessings! I need them; and just the same, I know they need me too. That is why I have never thought of giving up.
Osho, Ancient Music in the Pines: In Zen Mind Suddenly Stops|If you want to control others you will not be able to meditate. About that one point, be absolutely certain.
Nirad C. Chaudhuri|I understood the life around me better, not from love, which everybody acknowledges to be a great teacher, but from estrangement, to which nobody has attributed the power of reinforcing insight
Justine Picardie, Coco Chanel: The Legend and the Life|On first impressions, John seemed more cynical and brash than the others, Ringo the most endearing, Paul was cute, and George, with velvet brown eyes and dark chestnut hair, was the best-looking man I'd ever seen. At the break for lunch I found myself sitting next to him, whether by accident or design I have never been sure. We were both shy and spoke hardly a word to each other, but being close to him was electrifying.
Henry Johnson Jr|Two things compel me to move. First, the fear of being alone. I don’t want to be alone here. Second, the aching need to beat Blake in any way.
S.A.  David, Breasts of Evidence|The criminal mind is perverted and convoluted but almost invariably unimaginative,'he said as Molly came out in a fluster
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Love one another, but make not a bond of love:Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|Most people aren’t happy. They sing songs like they are. Make up cute little stories. Post pics of the rare times when life wasn’t dreadful. Most people are stomaching this whole affair called life. Are these people complainers? Probably. Most are. But they’re also just blokes who’re too afraid to take a risk. So they live lives in a redundant cycle of complacent apathy. Then these people wallow around day after day in their unhappiness. The more you do that, the more you lose sight of the chances you could take to make things better.
Hideo Kojima|I did 14 movies in six years, I had a cartoon TV show, and I don't want to do that again. I just want to make unique pieces of art. That's why I quit everything when I was 14 and sat around for eight years before I did another movie.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|I received the fundamentals of my education in school, but that was not enough. My real education, the superstructure, the details, the true architecture, I got out of the public library. For an impoverished child whose family could not afford to buy books, the library was the open door to wonder and achievement, and I can never be sufficiently grateful that I had the wit to charge through that door and make the most of it. Now, when I read constantly about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that the door is closing and that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti-Christ|Under Christianity neither morality nor religion has any point of contact with actuality. It offers purely imaginary causes ("God" "soul," "ego," "spirit," "free will" -- "unfree will" for that matter), and purely imaginary effects ("sin," "salvation," "grace," "punishment," "forgiveness of sins"). Intercourse between imaginary beings ("God," "spirits," "souls"); an imaginary natural science (anthropocentric; a total denial of the concept of natural causes); an imaginary psychology (misunderstandings of self, misinterpretations of agreeable or disagreeable general feelings -- for example, of the states of the nervus sympathicus with the help of the sign-language of religio-ethical balderdash -- , "repentance," "pangs of conscience," "temptation by the devil," "the presence of God"); an imaginary teleology (the "kingdom of God," "the last judgment," "eternal life"). -- This purely fictitious world, greatly to its disadvantage, is to be differentiated from the world of dreams; the later at least reflects reality, whereas the former falsifies it, cheapens it and denies it. Once the concept of "nature" had been opposed to the concept of "God," the word "natural" necessarily took on the meaning of "abominable" -- the whole of that fictitious world has its sources in hatred of the natural (-- the real! --), and is no more than evidence of a profound uneasiness in the presence of reality. . . . This explains everything. Who alone has any reason for lying his way out of reality? The man who suffers under it. But to suffer from reality one must be a botched reality. . . . The preponderance of pains over pleasures is the cause of this fictitious morality and religion: but such a preponderance also supplies the formula for decadence...
Masha Gessen, The Future Is History: How Totalitarianism Reclaimed Russia|For the movement was without scruples; she rolled towards her goal unconcernedly and deposed the corpses of the drowned in the windings of her course. Her course had many twists and windings; such was the law of her being. And whosoever could not follow her crooked course was washed on to the bank, for such was her law. The motives of the individual did not matter to her. His conscience did not matter to her, neither did she care what went on in his head and his heart. The Party knew only one crime: to swerve from the course laid out; and only one punishment: death. Death was no mystery in the movement; there was nothing exalted about it: it was the logical solution to political divergences
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Jamie leaned over. “And your perfect world?”“Mmm,” Helen smiled. “Perfect is complicated. Hard to explain.”“Give it a shot,” I prodded her.“It’s… beautiful is the best word to describe it,” she said.Jamie and I nodded.“Everything that isn’t necessary to getting what we want is gone,” she said, eyes closing, as if she was vividly imagining. “There’s an abundance of it all, thanks to science. Food is everywhere and it overflows and there’s nothing to worry about because we have and we want and we take. We’re, and by we I mean people, we’re everywhere and we spill over into one another and we’re all knit together, physically and mentally. It’s an exquisite landscape of things that don’t ever run out to see and touches and tastes and smells and mating and eating and mindless fighting and eating-mating and fighting-eating and fighting-”“Okay,” I said, interrupting. I paused, then when I couldn’t think of what to say. “Okay.”Helen reached down to her plate, used a fingertip to wipe up a bit of frosting, and popped it into her mouth, sucking it off.“Okay,” I said, still at a bit of a loss for words.“That’s a mental image that’s going to be with me forever,” Jamie said, dropping his head down until his face was in his hands.“I don’t see where ethics come into that world,” I said, more to see Jamie’s reaction than out of curiosity.“No,” Jamie said. “Don’t-”“The closer you get to perfection, the further you get from ethics,” Helen said, as if it was common sense.
Marcia Lebhar|All of us, some frequently, feel undervalued and unseen. Yet, our deepest pains are lessened in that moment of recognition that Jesus...gets it. That his own feet have walked through this very pain. May we stretch to be like him, and live for his accolade alone, his face only before us. For soon, as Scripture promises, we will be face to face." from "The Bare Branch" p.43
Jessica Khoury, Origin|Rose: A real sacrifice is giving up something you want or enjoy very much, isn't it?Alec: Yes.Rose: Doing it one's own self because one loves another person very much and wants her to be happy?Alec: Yes.Rose: And doing it pleasantly, and being glad about it, and not minding the praise if it doesn't come?Alec: Yes dear, that is the true spirit of self-sacrifice...
Austin Phelps, The Still Hour or Communion With God|It is not the spirit of wealth, of learning, or of culture that can make the church of value, or a power for good in the world, but the spirit of Christ only.
C.J. Langenhoven|Free yourself from the poisonous and laborious burden of holding a grudge. When you hold a grudge, you want someone else's sorrow to reflect your level of hurt, but the two rarely meet. Let go… Sometimes, forgiveness is simply a reflection of loving yourself enough to move on.
T.A. Miles, Darkside|He was pale as only one state on Bhast dictated—not lacking color necessarily or vitality, certainly. Fey white was more comparable to a pearl; the color subtle and the luster soft, but still vibrant. In spite of the tragedy that could come with it, it was not a dying state. It was a state of living…sometimes much more brilliantly than people could cope with, including the Fey individuals themselves.
Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read|Our relation to books is a shadowy space haunted by the ghosts of memory, and the real value of books lies in their ability to conjure these specters.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|It was the living who ignored the strange and wonderful, because life was too full of the boring and mundane.
Barbara Dafoe Whitehead, Why There Are No Good Men Left: The Romantic Plight of the New Single Woman|We've come a long way from the time when the crowning achievement in a woman's life was her youthful marriage. And many would agree that this represents progress for women. But when did the search for someone to marry become self-absorbed and pathetic? This absence of social sympathy for women's ambitions to marry is all the more striking because the social world has cared so deeply about virtually every other aspect of these privileged young women's inner and outer lives. (...) The achievement of a good marriage is the one area of life where the most privileged, accomplished, and high achieving young women in society face a loss of support and sympathy for their ambitions and where the social expectations are for disappointment and failure, not success.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Feast, and your halls are crowdedFast, and the world goes bySucceed and give, and it helps you liveBut no man can help you die
Alek Wek|Directing a movie is a little bit like being back in student government and putting on the homecoming dance. You're like, 'You put up the streamers, and you hire the DJ, and you get the punch bowl.' Some people are just like, 'This dance sucks.' And you're like, 'No no, this dance is awesome!' You have to be really positive.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|Anyone who realises what Love is, the dedication of the heart, so profound, so absorbing, so mysterious, so imperative, and always just in the noblest natures so strong, cannot fail to see how difficult, how tragic even, must often be the fate of those whose deepest feelings are destined from the earliest days to be a riddle and a stumbling-block, unexplained to themselves, passed over in silence by others.
Tom Althouse|To experience courage, is to experience life. Reflected in loved ones, the greatest encouragement. Dignity, integrity and strength, a harmonious chord, interwoven into an unbreakable cord.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|Righteousness acts never in its own interest, but in the interest of fellow men.
Katie Graykowski, Place Your Betts|In short, do you keep pace with those around you, or do you decide yourself just how you will live your life? The truth is...only you are qualified to set your standards. Only you can determine how you should live and what you will finally expect from yourself.
Joan Didion|The greatest influence over content was necessity--they had holes to fill on every page and jammed in any vaguely newsworthy string of words, provided it didn't include expletives, which they were apparently saving for their own use around the office.
Paulo Coelho|solitude is not absence of love, but its complement
Clark Zlotchew, Once Upon a Decade: Tales of the Fifties|When they reached their ship, Ed gazed out at the bay. It was black. The sky was black, but the bay was even blacker. It was a slick, oily blackness that glowed and reflected the moonlight like a black jewel. Ed saw the tiny specks of light around the edges of the bay where he knew ships must be docked, and at different points within the bay where vessels would be anchored. The lights were pale and sickly yellow when compared with the bright blue-white sparkle of the stars overhead, but the stars glinted hard as diamonds, cold as ice. Pg. 26.
Hermann Hesse, The Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse|The world had been divided into two parts that sought to annihilate each other because they both desired the same thing, namely the liberation of the oppressed, the elimination of violence, and the establishment of permanent peace.
William Shakespeare|I am reminded of the advice of my neighbor. "Never worry about your heart 'til it stops beating."
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|And I still love you in my own fucked-up way. I miss you, I really do. Can we still be friends?
Brian Spellman|Sometimes, Arin almost understood what Kestrel had done. Even now, as he felt the drift of the boat and didn't fight its pull, Arin remembered the yearning in Kestrel's face whatever she'd mentioned her father. Like a homesickness. Arin had wanted to shake it out of her. Especially during those early months when she had owned him. He had wanted to force her to see her father for what he was. He had wanted her to acknowledge what she was, how she was wrong, how she shouldn't long for her father's love. It was soacked in blood. Didn't she see that? How could she not?Once, he'd hated her for it. Then it had somehow touched him. He knew it himself. He, too, wanted what he shouldn't. He, too, felt the heart chooses its own home and refuses reason. Not here, he'd tried to say. Not this. Not mine. Never. But he had felt the same sickness.In retrospect, Kestrel's role in the taking of the eastern plains was predictable. Sometimes he damned her for currying favor with the emperor, or blamed her playing war like a game just because she could. Yet he thought he knew the truth of her reasons. She'd done it for her father. It almost made sense. At least, it did when he was near sleep and his mind was quiet, and it was harder to help what entered. Right before sleep, he came close to understanding. But he was awake now.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|If you are ready to trade the hollow self-made beauty of this world for the glorious Christ-built beauty of a set-apart young woman, this is where it all begins. Denying self, taking up your cross, and following the Lamb wherever He leads. In other words, letting go of all preoccupation with self: our comfort, our pleasure, our agenda, our popularity, our ability to gain the world's approval, even our own dreams and desires. And, as Paul did, treating all those things as rubbish for the excellence of the knowledge of Him and the power of His resurrection and the fellowship of His sufferings (Philippians 3:7-9).
Andrew Peterson, North! or Be Eaten|He was only twelve, but he knew enough to realize that the way before him would be hard. Is it worth it? he asked himself. Was it worth losing his old life in order to learn the truth of who he was and who he was becoming? Yes. Like the pluck of a stringed instrument, the first edge of the sun broke loose and poured light over the world.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|This is thy hour O Soul, thy free flight into the wordless, Away from books, away from art, the day erased, the lesson done,Thee fully forth emerging, silent, gazing, pondering the themes thou lovest best. Night, sleep, and the stars.
Kaylin McFarren, Buried Threads|Some people think 1963's a long time ago; when a dead American in the jungle was an event, a grim thrilling novelty. It was spookwar then, adventure; not exactly soldiers, not even advisors yet, but Irregulars, working in remote places with little direct authority, acting out their fantasies with more freedom than most men ever know.
Michio Kaku|A father and two sons run Adelphia. It's a cable company. And they took from that company a billion dollars. A billion. Three people - three people took a billion dollars. What were they gonna do, start their own space program? 'Let's send the monkey to Mars, Dad!'
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|You cannot argue with [Satan], for he is the greatest debater of all time.
Charles Taylor, A Secular Age|There is a widespread sense of loss here, if not always of God, then at least of meaning.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|On the forest floor was the LVR's smoldering ceiling panel, just lying there like the lid of a sardine can that had been eagerly and violently thrown away by someone who very much liked sardines.
Judi Dench|To me, the stand up part in my life is great. I know I can do that. When I get an acting chance, I'm really thrilled.
Steve Jobs|For me, already being part of a single parent household and knowing it was just me and my mom, you'd would wake up times and hope that the next day you'd be able to be alongside your mother because she was out trying to make sure that I was taken care of. But all I cared about was her being home.
Audre Lorde|. . . [O]nce we begin to feel deeply all the aspects of our lives, we begin to demand from ourselves and from our life-pursuits that they feel in accordance with that joy which we know ourselves to be capable of. Our erotic knowledge empowers us, becomes a lens through which we scrutinize all aspects of our existence, forcing us to evaluate those aspects honestly in terms of their relative meaning within our lives.""The erotic is a resource within each of us that lies in a deeply female and spiritual plane, firmly rooted in the power of our unexpressed or unrecognized feeling.""Of course, women so empowered are dangerous. So we are taught to separate the erotic from most vital areas of our lives other than sex.
Aditi Khorana, The Library of Fates|It was a second. A blink. The flap of a bird's wing, the moment it takes to say hello, or goodbye. So quickly that it made me think of all the insignificant seconds that we throw away. And all the seconds that we don't too. The seconds that we hold on to, that we return to... I considered the fact that all it takes is a second for life to completely change.
Geoffrey Chaucer, The Wife of Bath's Prologue and Tale|By God, if women had written stories,As clerks had within here oratories,They would have written of men more wickednessThan all the mark of Adam may redress.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Faith is a private matter, usually held deep within a person, quiet, impossible to recognise or understand, if you have no faith yourself
Sylvia L'Namira|I like to skip prewriting. I love just jumping into the actual writing process. Then I revise/edit and fix what I need to. Then the following steps; proofread and publish. Of course before you just go into writing, it would be a good idea to do some charts of each chapter...what you would want each one to be about and have a character list with their personalities and how they will come into play in your book. I mean, you wouldn't just want to go all crazy and jot down all kinds of random stuff at once...trust me, you'll go crazy. With writing, you take it as it comes, go with your own flow.-Nina Jean Slack
Ru Freeman, A Disobedient Girl|We used to languish when we walked, or sidle down the street like dogs that have just done something wrong. Now Rube walks upright, because he's on the attack.
Mike Schmoker, Focus: Elevating the Essentials to Radically Improve Student Learning|...he would tell stories about the Holy City, about Solomon, a just king, a poet-king, a monarch with a thousand concubines. We weren't quite sure what concubines were, but we guessed: a concubine ... Concubines! One thousand! One thousand women in all colours and shapes - but all of them sexy, of course - one thousand - one thousand raving beauties lying side by side on a bed (what a bed! How wide it must have been!), all of them smiling, all of them reaching out their arms, all of them saying something in Hebrew - but the meaning was unmistakeable - "Come here, sweety." One thousand women. If one were to spend twenty, or fifteen minutes with each one of them, how long would it take to...? A problem that our math teacher never assigned us for homework...!
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|You need to know what you are before you can become what you are supposed to be. In order to know what you are now, you must learn what you are going to be.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|Stop worrying about being that perfect person because no one is perfect. Put your focus on being that right person that will love, understand, and care for that other.
Tite Kubo, Bleach, Volume 01|If I were rain, That joins sky and earth that otherwise never touch,Could I join two hearts as well?
Jennifer Lee|I can make dressing - or stuffing. Y'all call it stuffing up here, we call it dressing down there. It's really good dressing. That family recipe was passed on, and I love to make that.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|It was a pity thoughts always ran the easiest way, like water in old ditches.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|We are attempting to build, within our movement, non-exploitative ways of relating to one another based on trust and concern rather than political expediency. We have serious personal/political intentions in breaking down hierarchical and elitist structures, and for experimenting with leaderless groups and collective decision making. In dealing with the media these revolutionary principles and practices are destroyed. The media works to create leaders, it knows no way of relating to us on our own terms. Being interviewed and presented as a leader is a real ego trip--the media brings out the most counter-revolutionary traits in people. Elitism, dissension and division are the ultimate results.
Sarah Weeks, Honey|We've stopped in front of Notre-Dame again. I point at the familiar star and clear my throat. "Wanna make another wish?""You go first." He's watching me, puzzled, like he's trying to figure something out. He bites his thumbnail.This time I can't help it. All day long, I've thought about it. Him. Our s
Keanu Reeves|Going out and playing football or baseball with the boys, when I was a tomboy, was a great way to learn about winning and losing, and most girls didn't have that experience.
Mortimer Adler|The next Bill Gates will not start an operating system. The next Larry Page won't start a search engine. The next Mark Zuckerberg won't start a social network company. If you are copying these people, you are not learning from them.
Ian Kershaw, Popular Opinion & Political Dissent in the Third Reich: Bavaria 1933-45|I should like to think that had I been around at the time I would have been a convinced anti-Nazi engaged in the underground resistance fight. However, I know really that I would have been as confused and felt as helpless as most of the people I am writing about
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Acceptance is religion, sectarianism is blasphemy.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|This late age of the world's experience had bred in them all, all men and women, a well of tears. Tears and sorrows; courage and endurance; a perfectly upright and stoical bearing.
Dada Bhagwan|If there was no such thing as a mirror in this world, then seeing our face ‘exactly’ would be considered a huge wonder.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices|Having one king, one god, one belief, they can act single-mindedly.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|The sensation of the ocean bearing my weight was the most carefree lightness I’d ever experienced. When we were halfway across the strait, the sound of an engine approached from a distance—it was probably the police coast guard. We quickly ducked under the surface of the water, exposing only the tips of our trunks so we could breathe.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|There is not a single dying human being who does not yearn for love, touch, understanding, and whose heart does not break from the withdrawal of those who should be drawing near.
Crystal Evans, Jamaican Acute Ghetto Itis|Life even at its tiniest molecule is impermanent, transient, unsure and fickle. We try to make it worthwhile not by adding value to it but by improving our social perception, seeking validation in our interactional circles. Life cannot be valued for in the end, rich or poor, smart or dumb, popular or hermit, we are nothing but dust, vapor, blurry memories that eventually are soon forgotten.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness at Work: Meditations for Accomplishment, Achievement, and Peace|There is so much we just can't see or know right now, including precisely how our actions will ripple out.
Randy Alcorn, Lord Foulgrin's Letters|Cynicism is extremely contagious, and the most pious among us cannot long endure its potency. The gullible should be on their guard, however, since this endearing quality frequently masquerades as wit.
Simon S. Tam|Your uniqueness is your greatest strength, not how well you emulate others.
Cobie Smulders|As the people of Shishmaref lose their natural hunting grounds to the warming sea, they are forced to buy U.S. canned goods from the only local store on the island; however, this is not their natural diet and cannot sustain them throughout the year.
William James|When I pray, I always thank Mother Nature for all the beauty in the world. It's about having an attitude of gratitude.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|He nodded. A curt movement of his head, and she was, for no reason at all, convinced that the man before her was not in dislike of her but simply a man who did not have words come easily to him because he’d grown up alone. She thought of him as a boy. Lonely here, with no father and no mother to hold him, only the servants for company, and Killhope as an unceasing reminder of the centuries of duty and responsibility that were his. Her heart twisted up.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from stars; even in the dark they give off light, not despair.
Angie karan|In times of adversity, you will realize who is there for you. The struggle is real and those who walk with you with love, are honorable true friends. Be thankful for the friends and loved ones you’ve got.
Frederick Douglass|Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering.
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|Because of the Resurrection, our natural reaction must be to get past our emotional reactions as quickly as possible and reflect on what happened in light of the cross and the resurrection and our own baptisms into that defining reality – to the life-giving and life-affirming waters of forgiveness and reconciliation.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|If this was mental illness, or even just a particularly clinical case of adolescence, I was bearing up pretty well.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|To be free, a man must be free from his brothers. That is freedom. That and nothing else.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Eviction is a cause, not just a condition, of poverty.
Anna Korostelyova, Школа в Кармартене|Змейк беседовал в углу с двумя металлами, недавно пробившимися из глубин Земли и не имеющими понятия о формах жизни на ее поверхности. Со всей вежливостью принимающей стороны он занимал гостей беседой, но трудно было сказать, насколько эта беседа занимала его самого. Собственно, Змейк собирался рассказать анекдот, однако необходимая для понимания анекдота преамбула даже при лаконичности Змейка потребовала не меньше минуты:— Люди состоят из соединений углерода и потребляют кислород. Смерть есть прекращение химических реакций одного типа, — Змейк поймал на себе взгляд Гвидиона, которого явно заинтересовал его учитель, дающий определение смерти, и спокойно закончил: — и начало совершенно иных химических реакций.
Susan May Warren, Take a Chance on Me|It's an awe-filled, wonderful, terrifying act to have a child, for you suddenly wear your heart on the outside of your body. You risk a little more each day as he wanders from your arms into the world.
Charles H. Townes|In a lot of Indian societies, spirituality has been lost, I think it's still the best way of looking at the world for Indians - better than any organized religion in this country.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath|Down through this verdant land Carter walked at evening, and saw twilight float up from the river to the marvelous golden spires of Thran. And just at the hour of dusk he came to the southern gate, and was stopped by a red-robed sentry till he had told three dreams beyond belief, and proved himself a dreamer worthy to walk up Thran's steep mysterious streets and linger in the bazaars where the wares of the ornate galleons were sold. Then into that incredible city he walked; through a wall so thick that the gate was a tunnel, and thereafter amidst curved and undulant ways winding deep and narrow between the heavenward towers. Lights shone through grated and balconied windows, and, the sound of lutes and pipes stole timid from inner courts where marble fountains bubbled. Carter knew his way, and edged down through darker streets to the river, where at an old sea tavern he found the captains and seamen he had known in myriad other dreams. There he bought his passage to Celephais on a great green galleon, and there he stopped for the night after speaking gravely to the venerable cat of that inn, who blinked dozing before an enormous hearth and dreamed of old wars and forgotten gods.
Honoré de Balzac|Let's worry like mad. Shall we start on a worldwide basis and work down to ourselves, or start with ourselves and spread?""I'm going to do me-and-Peter and that dead
Kate Mullane Robertson|The fact is that very few of us know what words mean; fewer still take the trouble to enquire. We calmly, we carelessly assume that our minds are identical with that of the writer, at least on that point; and then we wonder that there should be misunderstandings!The fact is (again!) that usually we don't really want to know; it is so very much easier to drift down the river of discourse, "lazily, lazily, drowsily, drowsily, In the noonday sun."Why is this so satisfactory? Because although we may not know what a word means, most words have a pleasant or unpleasant connotation, each for himself, either because of the ideas or images thus begotten, of hopes or memories stirred up, or merely for the sound of the word itself.
Thomas Story Kirkbride|Freedom without discipline is foolish, discipline without freedom is insanity.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|I am the thread of unification that goes through humans of all religions, cultures and ideologies while reinforcing their innate sense of one humanity.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are living in an age of grace, in which God promises that “whosoever will” may come and receive His Son. But this period of grace will not go on indefinitely. We are even now living on borrowed time.
China Miéville, The Scar|Thanks to the centrifugal pump, places like Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas had thrown on the garments of fertility for a century, pretending to greenery and growth as they mined glacial water from ten-thousand-year-old aquifers. They'd played dress-up-in-green and pretended it could last forever. They'd pumped up the Ice Age and spread it across the land, and for a while they'd turned their dry lands lush. Cotton, wheat, corn, soybeans -- vast green acreages, all because someone could get a pump going. Those places had dreamed of being different from what they were. They'd had aspirations. And then the water ran out, and they fell back, realizing too late that their prosperity was borrowed, and there would be no more coming.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Love is not a purpose, it’s a paradox; it’s not an end-goal, it’s an auxiliary fuel source to help get there.
Donna Lynn Hope|Why we do what do matters. When we lose our why, we lose our way. We inevitably get lost when we don't know why we are doing what we are doing.
Margo Lanagan|Mowaljarlai rarely answered questions with an abstract explanation; he always told a story. His was not a fragmented world, divided into the convenient disciplinary languages and jargon that seem to be required for the understanding of concepts and principles in, for example, mathematics, physics, art and literature. Not only did he not have these languages; he thought this was a strange way to arrive at understanding the way in which the world lives in itself. It baffled him that whitefellas developed their knowledge by busting things up, reducing things to little pieces separate from everything else that contributes to their nature. For him, everything in creation is not only living and interconnected, but exists in a story and story cycle. Yet his knowledge of what whitefellas call ‘science’ was extraordinary.”p80-1.
Balroop Singh|Love is a natural instinct that grows if it is nurtured. It evolves itself but withers if it is not watered with affection, care, respect and kindness.
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|In a village where everyone has only one leg, the biped will hop about more lamely than anyone else, if he knows what is good for him.
علي الماجد|The pattern of your breathing affects the pattern of your performance. When you are under stress, deep breathing helps bring your mind and body back into the present.Over the years I have handed out thousands of little stickers to athletes that read ‘Breathe and Focus.’ A baseball player will place the bright orange circle on the shoulder of his uniform or underneath the bill of his cap, or on the barrel of his bat. A hockey player might affix it to his stick. Firefighters I have worked with place the stickers on their self-contained breathing apparatus. The stickers serve as a reminder. Whenever they feel themselves growing anxious, breathe in energy. Breathe out negativity. Breathe in relaxation. Breathe out stress.
André Aciman, Enigma Variations|I think everyone is wounded in their sex,” I said. “I can’t think of one person who isn’t.
Katie McGarry, Take Me On|I'm in love with you"Finally, the girl looks at me. "What?""I don't know." I gesture to the house, the yard, the dirt surrounding us. "I'm not sure what suggested romance. Maybe it was the screaming match or the way my girlfriend kicked my ass to the ground, but I love you."Her mouth gapes. "I...I...""I don't want you to say it back now. One of us should have some class.
Joel Osteen|Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not.
Kenneth MacKenzie, The Refuge|We cannot alter other people, or their lives, or their destinies, by offering them sweets to take away the bitter taste, any more than they can alter us.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, build upon your strengths and talents. What are you good at? What makes you feel confident and personally powerful? Your competencies will ground you and build your strength.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|If you don’t know how to grow old, don’t start learning how to grow old.
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|He let Julius go. There was beginning to rise in him a feeling of profound disgust--a kind of hatred almost, of himself, of Julius, of everything.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Hold tight the gift seeds in thy palms. Sow them all when the time is right. By God's wisdom they'll grow, not by thy might. And you shall reap them all before it's night! Live life so well!
Taraji P. Henson|My parents told me from the time I can remember that, 'Yeah, you're adopted. But this is your family.' I can remember my mom, she tells me this story: when I was little, I was looking at her, and I was like, 'Why isn't my skin the same color as yours?' She was like, 'Oh, you're adopted, but I wish I had pretty brown skin like you.'
Drew Goddard|Most of us cluster somewhere in the middle of most statistical distributions. But there are lots of bell curves, and pretty much everyone is on a tail of at least one of them. We may collect strange memorabilia or read esoteric books, hold unusual religious beliefs or wear odd-sized shoes, suffer rare diseases or enjoy obscure movies.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Her ears, lightly fringed with white that looked silver, lifted and moved, back, forward, listening and sensing. Her face turned, slightly, after each new sensation, alert. Her tail moved, in another dimension, as if its tip was catching messages her other organs could not. She sat poised, air-light, looking, hearing, feeling, smelling, breathing, with all of her, fur, whiskers, ears -- everything, in delicate vibration.
Lauren Slater, Playing House: Notes of a Reluctant Mother|I never said to myself, I am longing; that feeling lived at a level below language.
Barbara Corcoran|With the growing reliance on social media, we no longer search for news, or the products and services we wish to buy. Instead they are being pushed to us by friends, acquaintances and business colleagues.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|There's a reason prophets perform miracles: language lacks the power to describe faith. And you have to land on faith before you can even begin to hike around to its flip side, betrayal.
Siobhan Vivian, Same Difference|A cold wind raced across the surrounding fields of wild grass, turning the land into a heaving dark-green ocean. It sighed up through the branches of cherry trees and rattled the thick leaves. Sometimes a cherry would break loose, tumble in the gale, fall and split, filling the night with its fragrance. The air was iron and loam and growth. He walked and tried to pull these things into his lungs, the silence and coolness of them.But someone was screaming, deep inside him. Someone was talking. ("Hunger")
|Wherever negative thoughts go, negative feelings always follow.
Shannon Stacey, Heat Exchange|When family really needed you, nothing else mattered.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|There’s no question that Laura – in more than one way, for many reasons – danced with the devil and paid a terrible price.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|There can be no love without justice. Until we live in a culture that no only respects but also upholds basic civil rights for children, most children will not know love.
Diana Rose Morcilla|It is the things we can't afford to lose that make us fight until we win."~ Shrouded in Pompei
Frank Iero|My husband and I have, in some ways, a non-traditional relationship - especially when it comes to domestic duties. He does most of the cooking, dishes, and laundry, while I do most of the yard work. I love to mow the lawn! And I take great satisfaction in planting and pruning.
Sojourner Truth|That little man in black there, he says women can't have as much rights as men 'cause Christ wasn't a woman! Where did your Christ come from? Where did your Christ come from? From God and a woman! Man had nothing to do with Him.
Duop Chak Wuol|The IGAD-Plus's compromise peace agreement is probably pregnant with a noisy, perhaps thunderous baby.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|The taste of the usual was like cinders in his mouth, and there were moments when he felt as if he were being buried alive under his future.
Justine Larbalestier, My Sister Rosa|The light was luminescence and gloom, like the sky at midnight speckled with stars. All she could smell was the ocean...
Matthew D Lieberman|Denial makes it easier to keep an addiction progressing smoothly along and, being a lie, it’s just better form.
Scarlett Dawn, King Hall|I don’t ever pray, but I’m praying now. If God could just give me you, I’ll never ask for anything else. Please come back to me. We’ve only just begun. We can get through this. We’re not broken…this can be fixed. I’ll fix it for us.
Kate Brown|When I was a prosecutor in Kansas City, my job was to fight for justice and safety for all citizens in my community. Equal access to justice under the law is an American value embedded in the fabric of our legal and political system - the idea that anybody, powerful or not, can have their day in court.
Beverly Rycroft, A Slim Green Silence|A dog is a dog, a bird is a bird, and a cat is a person.
Ahmed Zewail|Higher education should be based on quality, not quantity; receive merit-based funding; and be free of unnecessary bureaucracy. Not the least of the benefits of educational reform is to foster the pride of achievement at national and international levels.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|I don’t know anything different about death than I ever have, but I feel differently. I inhabit this difference in feeling- or does it live in me?- at the same time as I’m sorrowing. The possibility of consolation, of joy even, does not dispel the sorrow. Sorrow is the cathedral, the immense architecture; in its interior there’s room for almost everything; for desire, for flashes of happiness, for making plans for the future…
John Irving|I take people very seriously. People are all I take seriously, in fact. Therefore, I have nothing but sympathy for how people behave - and nothing but laughter to console them with.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|You do not lead by hitting people over the head -- that's assault, not leadership.
Michael Bassey Johnson|No matter how valuable you are and your ideas, fools will certainly play both of you down, so exclude yourselves from the inflammatory environs of fools.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Contemplation is purer still, yet more sophisticated. This comes from a strongly developed base of concentration—basically, constancy—through any temptation, including altered states of consciousness, that leads one to meditation (effortless engagement), from which is born an intuitive connection to that which is being focused upon (often, the nature of being in the moment, which is the default “focus”). Some people can attain this state accidentally through some combination of surprising events, which is sometimes called revelation. Fewer still can cause this to happen intentionally, mainly because you have to surprise yourself to have it occur. In any case, it requires a real sense of the value of paradox. One leaves a single position behind (such as “I like this” or “I don’t like this”) and expands in comprehension to simultaneously experience its opposite as well. From there, one rises above the two through a creative burst of intuition, and looks down on them both. What you might call transcendence, although I prefer mildly amused.
Kabelo Mabona|Failure is a discovery, through it we get to know what we can rise from.
Lorri Faye|Happiness is a choice. It's not always easy, but is IS always worth it.
Clyde DeSouza, Memories With Maya|Somewhere out there, a higherform of sadism, won the first round.Well, screw that. I'm not ready to bepwned.
George Santayana|Pictures, abstract symbols, materials, and colors are among the ingredients with which a designer or engineer works. To design is to discover relationships and to make arrangements and rearrangements among these ingredients.
Craig Sager|Sports are supposed to be fun, and so I have fun with the way I dress.
Lisel Mueller, The Private Life: Poems|. . .because we had survivedsisters and brothers, daughters and sons,we discovered bones that rosefrom the dark earth and sangas white birds in the treesBecause the story of our lifebecomes our lifeBecause each of us tells the same storybut tells it differentlyand none of us tells it the same way twice . . (from, Why We Tell Stories)
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|..., there are two things most important in preparing yourself for success. One is going the extra miles. Never settle for average. If other people study for one hour, study for five. If other run two kilometers, run three. If people give up in 10 seconds, don’t give up until 20. Always try to be more than ordinary...” ... “Another recipe is to never let yourself be influenced by elements outside of yourself. By anyone, anything, or any atmosphere. Meaning, don’t be sad, angry, or disappointed because of external factors. You are the ones with power over yourselves, do don’t give that power to others. Someone may hold a gun, but you have a choice, to feel fear or stand tall. You have choice, most deeply inside, and it has nothing to do with outside influence.” -101
Samuel Johnson, The Rambler|In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.
Euginia Herlihy|Never try to change the nature of anyone in your life, you will loose respect and eventually the person.
Aristotle|Teaching man his relatively small sphere in the creation, it also encourages him by its lessons of the unity of Nature and shows him that his power of comprehension allies him with the great intelligence over-reaching all.
Kyra Sedgwick|Well, I'm a consumer as well. I go to the movies with my popcorn and believe everything I see.
David Rains Wallace, The Untamed Garden and Other Personal Essays|...Chillingworth was a striking evidence of man's faculty of transforming himself into a devil, if he will only, for a reasonable space of time, undertake a devil's office.
Sarah Guillory, Reclaimed|Ain't that a sight? With all the things we know and learn, we still ain't touched the big mysteries -- where we come from, where we go next, why we even her. And when something truly miraculous happens, we run and hide in our caves. We deny.
Andrew Motion|I'm not a writer. I think I can write short stories and poetry, but film writing, brilliant film writing, is a talent - you can't just do it like that.
Brie Larson|My favorite meal is turkey and mashed potatoes. I love Thanksgiving, it's just my favorite. I can have Thanksgiving all year round.
Godfrey Reggio|It is definitely true that the fundamental enabling technology for electric cars is lithium-ion as a cell chemistry technology. In the absence of that, I don't think it's possible to make an electric car that is competitive with a gasoline car.
Evy Michaels|How does blind ferret out in the darkHow is matchless able to ignite a fire\How is clueless able to conspireHow does ice spark off fervorEffortlessly he stirs up the deepest depths of my soulLike a weed in my heart he implants himself, sprouts and spreads anewHe's here to stay...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|And if I have the gift of prophesy, all-wisdom and great faith but without love, I am nothing.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|If you're a writer, the problem is that, when you try to call a halt to thinking about your novel-in-progress, your imagination still keeps going; you can't shut it off.
Belsebuub, Gazing into the Eternal: Reflections upon a Deeper Purpose to Living|One day, may we all meet together in the light of understanding.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|There is only one perpetrator of evil on the planet: human unconsciousness. That realization is true forgiveness. With forgiveness, your victim identity dissolves, and your true power emerges--the power of Presence. Instead of blaming the darkness, you bring in the light.
Stephen  Cave, Immortality: The Quest to Live Forever and How It Drives Civilization|If life were a highway, I would still look for the footpath, for walking that, I would learn about us, enjoying the extra time to do so.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|Reality was dawning on him and he hated reality. If you were him, so would you.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|The absence of romance in my history will, I fear, detract somewhat from its interest, but if it is judged worthy by those inquirers who desire an exact knowledge of the past as an aid to the understanding of the future, which in the course of human things must resemble if it does not reflect it, I shall be content.In fine I have written my work not as an essay with which to win the applause of the moment but as a possession for all time.
John Steinbeck|In each of us, two natures are at war – the good and the evil. All our lives the fight goes on between them, and one of them must conquer. But in our own hands lies the power to choose – what we want most to be we are.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Eternity to eternity , God is God.
Leslie Austin|Only those who believe can achieve what others merely dream about. However, without these same dreams we will achieve little. Dream AND believe to ACHIEVE!!!
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|Life, as I’ve learned, fails to be a concrete, concise package that can easily be wrapped up and contained. Life is full of messy, unpredictable circumstances that test not only our characters, but the people around us as well. Our choices are not always about choosing between right and wrong, good or bad. They are sometimes about following the path that you simply have to follow, for one reason or another.
Lauren Oliver, Panic Origin Story|I was half in love with her by the time we sat down. That’s the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty, even if they’re not much to look at, or even if they’re sort of stupid, you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are. Girls. Jesus Christ. They can drive you crazy. They really can.
Amish Tripathi|A leader is not just a person who gives orders. He is also the one who symbolises the society he leads. If the leader is corrupt, then the society must be corrupt too.
Luis Valdez|No Statue of Liberty ever greeted our arrival in this country...we did not, in fact, come to the United States at all. The United States came to us.
Debasish Mridha|I am not the body, I am not the mindI am the spirit, eternal, joyful and kind.
Brian  McClellan, The Crimson Campaign|Olive was way beyond hearing anything, but her chin was set and she was determined to help the pilot so that he would not be too afraid before they hit the earth. She smiled and nodded again. At the end of each stunt he looked back, and each time she encouraged him. Afterward he said over and over, "She's the goddamest woman I ever saw. I tore up the rule book and she wanted more. Good Christ, what a pilot she would have made!
Douglas Coupland|Look at it, every day more lusers than users, keyboards and screens turning into nothin but portals to Web sites for what Management wants everybody addicted to, shopping games, jerking off, streaming endless garbage-
Og Mandino|I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|Motherhood furnishes us with, not just giving life — but, partaking of life’s learning.
Stefan Molyneux|Private property is redundant. "Public property" is an oxymoron. All legit property is private. If property isn't private it's stolen.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|I not only want to understand God's revelations, I want to be changed by them.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists|Buthe had the kindest face in the world, with big, dark eyes and buzzed-cutbrown hair.
Laura Florand, The Chocolate Kiss|Even brave men, and D'Arnot was a brave man, are sometimes frightened by solitude.
Stefan Molyneux, Against The Gods?|We may not yet know the right way to go, but we should at least stop going in the wrong direction.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|The persons whom you cannot care for in a novel, because they are so bad, are the very same that you so dearly love in your life, because they are so good.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|A hostage?""They used the word slave, but isnt' it the same thing? Isn't that what you'd call it if someone stole me and put me in a house and wouldn't let me leave? Isn't it?
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Death is not a checkmate…it is more like a carnival trick. You cannot win, no matter how you move your Queen.
Charles B. Rangel|Men and women can absolutely be friends, and that's what we need to be. Part of the problem is that we aren't friends enough. Our relationships are negotiations, and that is not friendship.
Bernard Cornwell|Happiness has a bad rap. People say it shouldn't be your goal in life. Oh, yes it should.
Maria Sharapova|Our learning ought to be our lives' amendment, and the fruits of our private study ought to appear in our public behavior.
Sunday Adelaja|Only if the being of creation is good, only if trust in being is fundamentally justified, are humans at all redeemable. Only if the Redeemer is also Creator can he really be Redeemer. That is why the question of what we do is decided by the ground of what we are. We can win the future only if we do not lose creation.
John Stuart Mill|Going into auditions, there is a wonderful butterfly feeling in your stomach - an equal balance of being utterly terrified and exhilarated that this is your chance.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|What are you doing today that serves the greater mission for your life? Once you can answer that question without batting an eye, that's when you're really on to something.
Marty Rubin|Better to leave with good memories than have the last ones be the embarrassing, smoking ruin of what once had been a fantastic friendship.
Kōbō Abe, The Face of Another|Loneliness—since I was trying to escape it—was hell; and yet for the hermit who seeks it, it is apparently happiness.
Alan Kinross, Longinus The Vampire: Babylon|Maybe it's not just about finding the perfect friend, partner, or tribe, but finding the perfection in those you've already found.
Jean-Pierre Barral|Eat healthily, sleep well, breathe deeply, move harmoniously.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Truth will screw with you every which way, before it lets you to be anywhere near itself.
K. Flay|The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared.
Richard Dawkins|My definition, the definition that I've always believed in, is that esprit de corps means love for one's own military legion - in my case, the United States Marine Corps. It means more than self-preservation, religion, or patriotism. I've also learned that this loyalty to one's corps travels both ways: up and down.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Before proving it to someone else, I had to be able to prove it to myself.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|...I applied her rule to my life; after all, we are all searching for them, the rules. We pick them up from the strangest places, and if they appear to work once we can live a whole lifetime by them, regardless of the unhappiness and difficulty they may later bring.
Jakob Böhme, The Signature of All Things 1622: As Above So Below|I contemplated man's little spark, what it should be valued before God alongside of this great work of heaven and earth.
Kristin McTiernan, Sunder|There's a bit of a local legend about a jet heart that has turned up over the years," Flynn said. "Any time it turns up, strange things happen.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|When everything is available, nothing is ever enough.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|It felt like I'd been living underground, and for a moment, I'd been given this glimpse of the sky. Once you've seen that, how can you go back where you came from?
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|You said, 'They’re harmless dreamers and they’re loved by the people.' 'What,' I asked you, 'is harmless about a dreamer, and what,' I asked you, 'is harmless about the love of the people? Revolution only needs good dreamers who remember their dreams.
Nicolaus Copernicus|Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|From books all I seek is to give myself pleasure by an honourable pastime: or if I do study, I seek only that branch of learning which deals with knowing myself and which teaches me how to live and die well...
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|…there’s just something beautiful about walking on snow that nobody else has walked on. It makes you believe you’re special, even though you know you’re not.
D.H. Lawrence|This is what I believe: That I am I. That my soul is a dark forest. That my known self will never be more than a little clearing in the forest. That gods, strange gods, come forth from the forest into the clearing of my known self, and then go back. That I must have the courage to let them come and go. That I will never let mankind put anything over me, but that I will try always to recognize and submit to the gods in me and the gods in other men and women. There is my creed.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|I am easily moved to tears and rarely survive a visit to the cinema without shedding them, racked, as I am, by the most perfunctory, meretricious or even callously sentimental attempts at poignancy (something about the exterior of the human face, so vast and palpable, with the eyes and the lips: it is all writ too large for me, too immediate for me.)
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Think of a globe, a revolving globe on a stand. Think of a contour globe, whose mountain ranges cast shadows, whose continents rise in bas-relief above the oceans. But then: think of how it really is. These heights are just suggested; they’re there….when I think of walking across a continent I think of all the neighborhood hills, the tiny grades up which children drag their sleds. It is all so sculptured, three-dimensional, casting a shadow. What if you had an enormous globe that was so huge it showed roads and houses- a geological survey globe, a quarter of a mile to an inch- of the whole world, and the ocean floor! Looking at it, you would know what had to be left out: the free-standing sculptural arrangement of furniture in rooms, the jumble of broken rocks in the creek bed, tools in a box, labyrinthine ocean liners, the shape of snapdragons, walrus. Where is the one thing you care about in earth, the molding of one face? The relief globe couldn’t begin to show trees, between whose overlapping boughs birds raise broods, or the furrows in bark, where whole creatures, creatures easily visible, live our their lives and call it world enough. What do I make of all this texture? What does it mean about the kind of world in which I have been set down? The texture of the world, its filigree and scrollwork, means that there is a possibility for beauty here, a beauty inexhaustible in its complexity, which opens to my knock, which answers in me a call I do not remember calling, and which trains me to the wild and extravagant nature of the spirit I seek.
Hermann Boerhaave|Isn't it amazing that, historically, the "Prince of Peace" has most often been introduced to new cultures through extreme violence? European and American colonialists bring this disparity to light in a way that makes me wish that forced conversion didn't work so extraordinarily well.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|If you ask me, my ideal would be the society based on liberty, equality and fraternity. An ideal society should be mobile and full of channels of conveying a change taking place in one part to other parts.
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|Men. If you give them half a chance, they'll fuck you over just to prove they can.
Gift Gugu Mona|The problem with our society today is that when things fall apart we do remember to call upon the Lord, but when God answers our prayers we are too quick to exclude Him from those answered prayers.
Su Shi|I always thought Obama was "presidential." He treated the office of the presidency with respect. I rarely saw him in the Oval Office with a coat and tie, and he always conducted himself with dignity. He was a man of personal integrity, and in his personal behavior - at least to the extent I could observe it - he was an excellent role model...I thought Obama was first-rate in both intellect and temperament." Page 300
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Welcome to the Monkey House|He had had no experience in asking for a job with a big organization, and Mr. Dilling was making him aware of what a fine art it was--if you couldn't run a machine. A duel was under way.
Thomas Browne|I am the happiest man alive. I have that in me that can convert poverty to riches, adversity to prosperity, and I am more invulnerable than Archilles; Fortune hath not one place to hit me.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|He’s like a hero come back from thewar, a poor maimed bastard living out the reality of his dreams.Wherever he sits himself the chair collapses; whatever door heenters the room is empty: whatever he puts in his mouth leaves abad taste. Everything is just the same as it was before; theelements are unchanged, the dream is no different than the reality.Only, between the time he went to sleep and the time he woke up,his body was stolen.
Kate Constable, The Singer of All Songs|...There is a tale, as old as the Ancient Ones themselves, that one would arise who has that gift: to sing all the chantments, the high notes and the low, the swift rhythms and the slow. And this person would be more powerful than even the Ancient Ones were, as powerful as the gods themselves.
Craig Ferguson|Pesticides came about after the first world war. Some brainy petrochemical money maker said, 'Hey, that mustard gas worked great on people, maybe we could dilute it down and spray it on our crops to deal with pests.'
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Like many people who dress in black, the lump of coal was interested in becoming an artist.
Lê Thi Diem Thúy|If one morning in the Spring, a stranger came and said to me, Your mother, father, brother, sister, uncle, lover, friend, is dead. From a b-52, napalm bombing, search and destroy mission, air attack, Tet offensive, My Lai massacre, failed escape, I would not scream but make of my body a net, a tarp, stretched taut across the sky, the sea, over every village and hamlet. Prepared to catch everything from the sky, shade everything on the ground, rain water and receive you, war, with arms outstretched.
Orrin Woodward|To buy excuses, a person must sell his dream.
Monica Alexander, Just Watch the Fireworks|I had kissed her at odd times, in out of the way corners, in the manner of a mountain guide, nothing more.
Dinesh D'Souza, Letters to a Young Conservative|Now listen to the first three aims of the corporatist movement in Germany, Italy and France during the 1920s. These were developed by the people who went on to become part of the Fascist experience:(1) shift power directly to economic and social interest groups;(2) push entrepreneurial initiative in areas normally reserved for public bodies;(3) obliterate the boundaries between public and private interest -- that is, challenge the idea of the public interest.This sounds like the official program of most contemporary Western governments.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|I crossed a thousand leagues to come to you, and lost the best part of me along the way. Don't tell me to leave.
Laura Jensen Walker, Becca by the Book|Be in the World, Not of the World—Kind of like Lucky Charms cereal: there are lots of pretty marshmallows in with the cereal, but they’re not the same. So live with the cereal, but remember: you’re a pretty marshmallow.
Nancy S. Mure, Eat! Empower. Adjust. Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed on Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|Each boat-shaped dish held scoops of vanilla and chocolate ice cream beneath thick blankets of chocolate syrup and creamy marshmallow sauce. Mounds of whipped cream rose on top, with a juicy red maraschino cherry at the very peak. Crunchy cookies poked like wings from each side.
Sun Tzu|When in doubt, do what they do in books, was one of Gabriel's secret mottos and - that rarest of things - a principle that he actually lived by.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|absencelooks like a lake bed flooded with skysounds like cotton howlingtastes like tear-stained pillowssmells like churning bile and burnt hairfeels like screaming agony, my heart dying and dying
E.M. Forster|I suggest that the only books that influence us are those for which we are ready, and which have gone a little further down our particular path than we have yet gone ourselves.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|For about four years, I’ve been telling people I hate sour cream. One time I sent back nachos because they had sour cream on them. I started saying this because a friend I admire hates sour cream. I told him I hated it too so we could have a funny thing in common.
Audrey Hepburn|Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Kartik Mehta|We accept the cures, with the promise of future struggles, in defiance of death.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Although the deepest of snow in living memory lay upon the ground, the sun was shining and Aurelia breathed easiest out of doors. The four walls of any given room could not give her the horizons she longed for - horizons she could measure with her eyes and strive to conquer with her own two legs. She was like a wild animal, Cook always said.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|God's grace is not defined as God being forgiving to us even though we sin. Grace is when God is a source of wholeness, which makes up for my failings. My failings hurt me and others and even the planet, and God's grace to me is that my brokenness is not the final word ... it's that God makes beautiful things out of even my own shit. Grace isn't about God creating humans and flawed beings and then acting all hurt when we inevitably fail and then stepping in like the hero to grant us grace - like saying, "Oh, it's OK, I'll be the good guy and forgive you." It's God saying, "I love the world too much to let your sin define you and be the final word. I am a God who makes all things new.
Paul Theroux|In our town, Halloween was terrifying and thrilling, and there was a whiff of homicide. We'd travel by foot in the dark for miles, collecting candy, watching out for adults who seemed too eager to give us treats.
David G. McAfee|Prayer doesn’t work. Perhaps it makes the believer feel better (in the same way that meditation or deep thought would), but prayer doesn’t actually affect the external world. Not only is it ineffective, but it is also a very narcissistic practice… why would a 'God' change its 'Divine Plan' to accommodate any person’s wishes?
Elie Wiesel, Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech|Elie Wiesel says that neutrality only helps the oppressor, never the victim. And I think you can apply that to journalism.
Miriam Joy, Crossroads Poetry|You know, the answer to your problem is just an attitude change away.
Sebastian Maniscalco|I have a little bit of a pet peeve about how the middle class is depicted in movies. I feel like they tend to be either depicted in a very sentimental way, where everybody has a heart of gold except for the villains you're supposed to hiss at, or there's a sort of indie-style version... When it's done well, it's brilliant, it's 'Blue Velvet.'
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|The Left has made the young gullible and materialist, while the Right has turned them into nihilistic cynics. This paradigm of power and struggle, expressed through endless ego-driven duality games will eventually lose steam. The new methodology must reconcile these two extremes by formulating a way of living that embodies the virtues of a natural, universal being - simplicity, patience, and compassion.
Gabriel García Márquez|Nigromanta took him to her room, which was lighted with false candlesticks, to her folding cot with the bedding stained from bad loves, and to her body of a wild dog, hardened and without a soul, which prepared itsself to dismiss him as if he were a frightened child, and suddenly it found a man whose tremendous power demanded a movement of seismic readjustment from her insides.
Cara Delevingne|When the Internet first came into public use, it was hailed as a liberation from conformity, a floating world ruled by passion, creativity, innovation and freedom of information. When it was hijacked first by advertising and then by commerce, it seemed like it had been fully co-opted and brought into line with human greed and ambition.
David L. Wolper|As the earth spins through space, a view from above the North Pole would encompass most of the wealth of the world - most of its food, productive machines, doctors, engineers and teachers. A view from the opposite pole would encompass most of the world's poor.
Summer Sanders|To you wives who are constantly complaining and see only the dark side of life, and feel that you are unloved and unwanted, look into your own hearts and minds. If there is something wrong, turn about. Put a smile on your faces. Make yourselves more attractive. Brighten your outlook.
Paul Gillmor|History has shown us that, on extraordinarily rare occasions, it becomes necessary for the federal government to intervene on behalf of individuals whose 14th Amendment rights to legal due process and equal protection may be violated by a state.
Zoe Kravitz|I was in choir in school. I kind of just did it. I already knew I wanted to sing. My music program in my school wasn't really great - people didn't really want to be part of the choir, they didn't want to do the plays and stuff like that. It definitely wasn't the cool thing to do.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Now, celebrations become tiring because they unfold in noisy chattering. The liturgy is sick. The most striking symptom of this sickness is perhaps the omnipresence of the microphone. It has become so indispensable that one wonders how priests were able to celebrate before it was invented.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|Let us see rather that like Janus—or better, like Yama, the Brahmin god of death—religion has two faces, one very friendly, one very gloomy...
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh,Your vows to her and me, put in two scales,Will even weigh, and both as light as tales.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Sometimes, it turns out, the most important decisions in life are made by your dog.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|I want to drag knives over my skin, just so that I can feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough to do that.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|Her eyes opened and clashed with his. Kyran had the insane urge to lean down and kiss her. Twice in a matter of hours. If he were smart, he'd put some distance between them.	Then again, only a fool would walk away from someone like her.	And Kyran wasn't a fool.
Melanie Greenberg, The Stress-Proof Brain: Master Your Emotional Response to Stress Using Mindfulness and Neuroplasticity|When mindfulness is present, the Buddha and the Holy Spirit are already there,
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|Always remember that what was done to you has nothing to do with YOU. It all has to do with a sick perverted abuser that wants/wanted power- You are not at fault and you were/are a target- but it is not because of who you are that you were/ are abused. You are worthy, beautiful, kind, smart and deserving of love, care, passion, and nurturing! xo dr. p
Saru Singhal|It is by no means your past that determines or dictates your present or your future; it is what you think and what you say, which then results in what you feel and what you do.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|Just as an effective advertisement or page layout includes a lot of white space, a powerful scene requires immense restraint. Show things as simply as possible.
Logan Kain, The Dead Will Rise First|On every page, confidence fights with self-doubt. Every sentence is an act of faith. Why would anybody want to do it?
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|At this point, I realize: He is making a monster of me.
Brynn Kelly, Edge of Truth|He shushed her, laughing. “I’d like to be that spider, if that woman was you.
Martha Wells, The Ships of Air|That’s the great thing about hope—no matter your past, no matter your mistakes, hope is the constant force in your heart driving you forward. You fall down. You cry about it for a little while. And then you stand up again. You push forward. You never give up because you believe something good will come. I’m lonely now, but something good will come.Hope is my one healthy compulsion.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you are ungrateful for one blessing,you will not be grateful for two.If you are ungrateful for two blessings,you will not be grateful for three.If you are grateful for one blessing,you will be grateful for innumerable.
Hilary Swank|I am very thankful that I have lived the life I have lived. I am thankful for my Graves' disease, and I tell people, if I had my whole life to live over, I would have it, because it has really made me into the person that I am.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Work spares us from three devils:bordem,vice, and need.
Harrison Scott Key, The World's Largest Man: A Memoir|But having people meet my family was a secret fear. It would be like taking someone to a dark room to show them my anal fissures, and you can't just go introducing everybody to your anal fissures. Only special people get to see such as that.
Anna Comnena, The Alexiad|Even now I cannot believe that I am still alive and writing this account of the emperor's death. I put my hands to my eyes, wondering if what I am relating here is not all a dream - or maybe it is not a dream: perhaps it is a delusion and I am mad, the victim of some extraordinary and monstrous hallucination. How comes it that when he is dead I am still numbered among the living?
Joyce Meyer|Happiness statistics may be most valuable in smaller, local discussions. Understanding how different sorts of programs affect the well-being of citizens would be enormously helpful to a mayor choosing between building a new bridge or offering a tax cut.
Lisa Schroeder, I Heart You, You Haunt Me|Guilt reminds me of a stray cat. You chase it away and yet, it comes back when you least expect it. If you let yourself feel pity for it and feed the thing, it parks its ugly, puny, lonely-for-attention butt on your doormat and won't go away. Scat kitty cat, scat. I don't need you sitting around here like that.
H. P. Lovecraft|Discipline is based on pride, on meticulous attention to details, and on mutual respect and confidence. Discipline must be a habit so ingrained that it is stronger than the excitement of the goal or the fear of failure.
Wilbur Smith|What we are doing to the future of our children, and the other species on the planet, is a clear moral issue.
André Breton, Anthology of Black Humor|At the word witch, we imagine the horrible old crones from Macbeth. But the cruel trials witches suffered teach us the opposite. Many perished precisely because they were young and beautiful.
Erin Kouvas|Life is funny. We all have periods of ups and downs. Of silence and discovery. And then we begin to know who we are. Like watching a rose opening. Ah, we say. And once we do, the love and the wonder truly begin.
Dave Matthes, Wanderlust and the Whiskey Bottle Parallel: Poems and Stories|Embrace all emotions: sadness, happiness, sorrow, hate, love, prejudice, fear; they are weapons against our greatest enemy: indifference.
Vikram Roy|I think about that centurion from time to time and wonder, had he retired to a farm in Campagna, happy with his harvest of grapes and grandchildren, or had he fallen amongst his comrades on some distant, ruined field, defending the honor and the ever-expanding borders of the Republic? What we foreigners have failed to comprehend over the centuries is that the proud centurion would have found either fate equally satisfying. This is why Rome grows, and the rest of the world shrinks.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|There may be human joy in doing good with definite purpose, but they who do good expecting nothing in return know a joy that is divine.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|MANY PHENOMENA--wars, plagues, sudden audits--have been advanced as evidence for the hidden hand of Satan in the affairs of Man.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is not so much about what life hands you, but what you do with what you get.
Sherry Soule, Beautifully Broken - Retitled, WITCY WICKEDNESS|Fifteen minutes later I was an expert. That's all you need. I think I was even getting the upper hand, which is very simple with a guy. Anything seems to turn them on.
Debasish Mridha|Live every day,not by spending time,but by investing all the way.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth am I Here for?|happened as I listened: I felt pain. Not in my head, not in my arm, not in my leg; everywhere at once. I told myself there was no difference between being “inside” and being “outside,” that it all came down to X’s and O’s that could be acquired in any number of different ways, but the pain increased to a point where I thought I might collapse, and I limped away.
Venkatraman Ramakrishnan|Grades can matter, especially for those students and parents who live for the next round of applications to graduate or professional schools. But there's a problem with the grade emphasis. Math or science graduates earn more than students majoring in the humanities.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As we cast our frightened eyes around for something that is real and true and enduring, we are turning once more to this ancient Book [the Bible] that has given consolation, comfort, and salvation to millions in the centuries past.
Gail Carriger, Waistcoats & Weaponry|Really?""No. I'm being ironic. Or is it sarcastic? I can never remember.""Irony's cleverer, so you're probably being sarcastic.
Abdau Qur'ani|Tidak akan ada namanya kesuksesan, tanpa adanya suatu usaha. Keberuntungan adalah ketika kesempatan dan usaha saling bertemu
L.A. Casey, Alec|As long as I’ve known her, she’s seen the very best version of me, even when I didn’t believe that guy existed.
