Noah Gordon, The Physician|If you desire it, you must punish yourself for the sake of learning, seek every advantage in keeping up with the other clerks and in excelling them. You must study with the fervor of the blessed or the cursed.
Beatrice Sparks, Go Ask Alice|I loved when Bush came out and said, 'We are losing the war against drugs.' You know what that implies? There's a war being fought, and the people on drugs are winning it.
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|One might almost say that an apparition is human vision corrected by divine love. I do not see you as you really are, Joseph; I see you through my affection for you. The Miracles of the Church seem to me not to rest so much upon faces or voices or healing power coming suddenly near to us from afar off, but upon our perceptions being made finer, so that for a moment our eyes can see and our ears can hear what is there about us always.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|I struggled with insecurity because I was trying to find my security in things. But when I began serving God with all my heart, my security was in Him.
Dita Von Teese, Burlesque and the Art of the Teese / Fetish and the Art of the Teese|The prosecutor uttered the party line that would distinguish revue from burlesque for the next thirty years. "The difference is movement. On Broadway, unadorned female figures are used to artistic advantage in tableaux. They do not move.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Keep your handkerchief neat, and then you can be trusted with a bigger clothe. If you can’t manage few minutes, you are likely to waste 24 hours no matter how many times it’s given to you!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Through change and challenge, if our personal foundations are built with quality virtues of character and integrity, we are more resilient, healthy, and ultimately more impressive.
Mark F. LaMoure|Everything big, once started little. Most famous people started just where you are at now. Catapult yourself to success. Practice self-discipline. Work to develop excellent skills and abilities. Learn to be polite and diplomatic. Doing this, helps insure you will grow big at what you want for success.
Merlinda Bobis, The Solemn Lantern Maker: A Novel|Liberty’s too precious a thing to be buried in books. Men should hold it up in front of them every single day of their lives and say: I'm free to think and to speak. My ancestors couldn't, I can, and my children will. Boys ought to grow up remembering that.
Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment?|An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious manner..
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The ability to be tough-minded remains useful; but by now, the fact that we are all in trouble in terms of both nature and culture can only be denied by those who become overly conservative and blindly reactionary. The more tender-hearted imagination that suggests we are all in this together and that there must be an underlying unity in life may be the only way to survive.
Samuel Dash|Part of doing mash-ups is getting the legal rights to use the songs. If you're going to do a mash-up with five songs, you should probably find 10 songs, because you're only going to get half of them cleared. It's a real collaborative effort.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|No matter how hard you try, there are times when things just don't go as planned. And, it's not because you are doing something wrong. It is because the thing you are after is not designed for you. It is not a part of your destiny.
Tara Spears|Creed scowls. "Hardly. All he does now is mope like a goddamn teenage girl. Anytime I'm home, he's in his room with the door locked. I'm telling you guys, he got worked over really bad in San Diego. I thought the whole point of having a gay brother was that they were supposed to be all cool and shit. I got a defective gay.
Bruce Barton|If you raise a daughter to be both independent and an excellent marksman, you have to accept the fact that your control over her actions is at an end.
Naomi Wolf, Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries|...When we quietly go about our business as our rights are plundered, when we yield to passivity and switch on the wii and hand over our power, we are not acting like true Americans. Indeed, at those moments we are giving up our citizenship.
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|He had been haunted his whole life by a mildcase of claustrophobia—the vestige of a childhood incident he had never quite overcome.Langdon’s aversion to closed spaces was by no means debilitating, but it had always frustrated him.It manifested itself in subtle ways. He avoided enclosed sports like racquetball or squash, and he hadgladly paid a small fortune for his airy, high-ceilinged Victorian home even though economical facultyhousing was readily available. Langdon had often suspected his attraction to the art world as a youngboy sprang from his love of museums’ wide open spaces.
John Paul Jones|To make a prairie it takes a clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, And revery. The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though a new cloth makes you look new, when you see the old cloths, you remember the old life
Richard Brautigan, A Confederate General from Big Sur / Dreaming of Babylon / The Hawkline Monster|We could see the children's toys here and there, and we saw a game that the children had made themselves out of dirt, deer antlers and abalone shells, but the game was so strange that only children could tell what it was. Perhaps it wasn't a game at all, only the grave of a game.
Dian Fossey|We are not out to boast that there is so much percentage of growth per year. Our real concern is how it affects the lives of people, the future of our country.
Margaret D. McGee|I prayed to a mystery.Sometimes I was simply aware of the mystery. I saw a flash of it during a trip to New York that David and I took before we were married. We were walking on a busy sidewalk in Manhattan. I don't remember if it was day or night. A man with a wound on his forehead came toward us. His damp, ragged hair might have been clotted with blood, or maybe it was only dirt. He wore deeply dirty clothes. His red, swollen hands, cupped in half-fists, swung loosely at his sides. His eyes were focused somewhere past my right shoulder. He staggered while he walked. The sidewalk traffic flowed around him and with him. He was strange and frightening, and at the same time he belonged on the Manhattan sidewalk as much as any of us. It was that paradox -- that he could be both alien and resident, both brutalized and human, that he could stand out in the moving mass of people like a sea monster in a school of tuna and at the same time be as much at home as any of us -- that stayed with me. I never saw him again, but I remember him often, and when I do, I am aware of the mystery.Years later, I was out on our property on the Olympic Peninsula, cutting a path through the woods. This was before our house was built. After chopping through dense salal and hacking off ironwood bushes for an hour or so, I stopped, exhausted. I found myself standing motionless, intensely aware of all of the life around me, the breathing moss, the chattering birds, the living earth. I was as much a part of the woods as any millipede or cedar tree. At that moment, too, I was aware of the mystery.Sometimes I wanted to speak to this mystery directly. Out of habit, I began with "Dear God" and ended with "Amen". But I thought to myself, I'm not praying to that old man in the sky. Rather, I'm praying to this thing I can't define. It was sort of like talking into a foggy valley.Praying into a bank of fog requires alot of effort. I wanted an image to focus on when I prayed. I wanted something to pray *to*. but I couldn't go back to that old man. He was too closely associated with all I'd left behind.
John Fante, Ask the Dust|(...) I let go, crying and unable to stop because God was such a dirty crook, contemptible skunk, that's what he was for doing that thing to that woman. Come down out of the skies, you God, come on down and I'll hammer your face all over the city of Los Angeles, you miserable unpardonable prankster. If it wasn't for you, this woman would not have been so maimed, and neither would the world, (...)
Ndiritu Wahome|We have the power to shape our lives, by the way we think. Only that to have a progressive life, we must train ourselves into thinking in a certain way.
Taylor Jenkins Reid|I don't see my movies. When you ask me about one of my movies, it just goes in my memory because maybe sometimes I confuse one for another. I think all movies are like sequences, which is the body of my work.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|But I'm insane. You're crazy. Maybe that's why, We can just make crazy together.
Noah  Wareness|Punker, what's compassion for a world this far gone? The streets don't give a fuck. It's a bummer, your care slides down its target like beads of rain on rock. There's no aquifer for any shit like this. Where does compassion go and can it be returned? You're Donn in this world, with the staff and the purple band. The artificer. Walking the bandoned suites of hell and your eyeballs thinking, what can be saved? Not their gear but its aspects. You started kung fu way later than the rest, and before that you saw compassion in a history spiel. Now it keeps washing up on your shore. Giving a shit might be made of parts, it might be made solo. It might be an invasive species or not. Punks evolved from dinos too. Not even cross time and distance. But the spikes on their heads are the same.
Stephen Colbert|I love speed. I love racing cars, whether it's on the streets or wherever. Don't tell the St. Louis police, though.
Sean S. Kamali|That name was a kind of joke, and not a very good one. An author, Leon Lederman, wanted to call it 'that goddamn particle' because it was clear it was going to be a tough job finding it experimentally. His editor wouldn't have that, and he said, 'okay, call it the God particle,' and the editor accepted it. I don't think he should've have done, because it's so misleading'.
Deyth Banger|One moment you are here, othere there, then there. Then you can't move!
Bohdi Sanders, Men of the Code: Living as a Superior Man|All respect is earned, even self-respect.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Warrior|That's the point, isn't it? We have to live on, no matter how hard it gets. We'll win in the end.
Rosa Parks|I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
Auliq-Ice|As long as we don’t buckle under the weight of the pain and its longevity, when the pain does subside a bit, we find ourselves more inclined to feel compassion for other people going through their own rough spots - CHALLENGES INSPIRE COMPASSION.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|What the hell is instant? Nothing is instant. Instant rice takes five minutes, instant pudding in an hour.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our popular music talks constantly about love, and yet divorce rates skyrocket.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|The moon rose up that evening and shot her silver arrows at the house under the artu tree. The house was empty. Then the moon came across the sea and across the reef. She lit the lagoon to it's dark, dim heart. She lit the coral brains and sand spaces, and the fish casting their shadows on the sand and the coral. The keeper of the lagoon rose to greet her, and the fin of him broke her reflection on the mirror-like surface into a thousand glittering ripples. She saw the white staring ribs of the form on the reef. Then, peeping over the trees, she looked down into the valley, where the great stone idol had kept it's solitary vigil for five thousand years, perhaps, and more.At this base, in his shadow, looking as if under his protection, lay two human beings, naked, clasped in each other's arms and fast asleep. One could scarcely pity his vigil, had it been marked sometimes through the years by such an incident as this. The thing had been conducted just as the birds conduct their love affairs. An affair absolutely natural, absolutely blameless and without sin. A marriage according to Nature, without feasts or guests, consummated with accidental cynicism under the shadow of a religion a thousand years dead.
Douglas A. Blackmon|If you chose Option 2 [confrontation], you did well. People will be less likely to engage you in office small talk of any kind, but that's likely a benefit when you consider the fact that every ten minutes of office small talk takes one year off of your life.
Kathe Koja|There is something mean in human nature that prefers to think evil, that gives a willing ear and a ready welcome to calumny, a sort of jealousy of goodness and greatness and things of good report.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|It's about what I know is true. Because I'm looking at this bright red storm of color on a canvas, at all my delicate lines and passionate brushstrokes. I'm looking at something so urgent and true, so far beyond what I thought I was capable of making.
Neel Burton, For Better For Worse: Should I Get Married?|Ultimately, loneliness is not the experience of lacking but the experience of living. It is part and parcel of the human condition, and, unless a person is resolved, it can only be a matter of time before it resurfaces, often with a vengeance. On this account, loneliness is the manifestation of the conflict between our desire for meaning and the absence of meaning from the universe, an absence that is all the more glaring in modern societies which have sacrificed traditional and religious structures of meaning on the thin altar of truth.
C. N. Lester|If we start preemptively cutting out parts of who we are because they’re ‘not feminist enough’, then we’ve failed before we’ve begun.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|People SHOULD be doubted. Many people misunderstand this concept. Doubting people is just a part of getting to know them. What many people call ‘trust’ is really just giving up on trying to understand others, and that very act is far worse than doubting. It is actually ‘apathy.
Cherise Sinclair, Dark Citadel|Why do we put up with it? Do we like to be criticized? No, no scientist enjoys it. Every scientist feels a proprietary affection for his or her ideas and findings. Even so, you don’t reply to critics, Wait a minute; this is a really good idea; I’m very fond of it; it’s done you no harm; please leave it alone. Instead, the hard but just rule is that if the ideas don’t work, you must throw them away.
Mark Haddon|She said his music was tuned to the biggest music there ever was, the music of the stars.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Hope can be bruised and battered. It can be forced underground and even rendered unconscious, but hope cannot be killed.
Karen Lord, Redemption in Indigo|Your body is a temple, not a daily dumping ground for another person’s pain, anger, betrayal, judgment, hypocrisy, denial, games, jealousy or blame. When you are being psychologically, spiritually or emotionally abused by a person, and they don’t care how it hurts you, then it is time to leave what is polluting your relationship with God.
Samuel Butler|Down the road, I'll probably have a kid or two or three. And there will probably be political events or spiritual things to comment on, and humor.
John Hawkins|We want to make certain that we view culture through the eyes of faith, that we don't view our faith through the eyes of culture.
Anonymous|So,” said Zia, “you’re gonna eat your way through the whole universe, top to bottom. And then what?
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica Rules the Dark Side|Fear is the worst kind of grave, because it buries one alive.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|She [my mother] was the force around which our world turned. My mother was propelled through the universe by the brute force of reason. She was the judge in all our arguments. One disapproving word from her was enough to send us off to hide in a corner, where we would cry and fantasize our own martyrdom. And yet. One kiss could restore us to princedom. Without her, our lives would dissolve into chaos.
S.A.R.K.|Create a guidebook of creative dreamsYou can use a blank book or just blank paper clipped together. Put photographs or scraps from magazines in that represent your creative dreams. Draw, scribble, or paint in between the images. Make a list of creative dreams you've thought of or admire in others. 
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|All passion is childish. It's banal and naive. It's nothing we learn; it's instinctive, and so it overwhelms us. Overturns us. It bears us away in a flood. All other emotions belong to the earth, but passion inhabits the universe.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited|On the levels of politics and theology, beauty is perfectly compatible with nonsense and tyranny. Which is very fortunate; for if beauty were incompatible with non­sense and tyranny, there would be precious little art in the world. The masterpieces of painting, sculpture and architecture were produced as religious or political propaganda, for the greater glory of a god, a govern­ment or a priesthood. But most kings and priests have been despotic and all religions have been riddled with superstition. Genius has been the servant of tyranny and art has advertised the merits of the local cult. Time, as it passes, separates the good art from the bad meta­physics. Can we learn to make this separation, not after the event, but while it is actually taking place? That is the question.
Makoto Shinkai|By just living one’s life, sadness accumulates here and there, be it in the sheets hung out in the sun to dry, the toothbrushes in the bathroom, and the history logs of the mobile phone…In the last several years, I have forged ahead without any regard, just to touch what I cannot reach. Without understanding the sources from which this menacing thought surged forth from, I continued working. When I at last noticed, my heart had already become hard from the gradual loss of its youthful vitality. And on certain morning, when I at last came to an earnest realization that I had lost everything that was beautiful, I knew I was at my limits and quit the company.
Ellen C. Maze, Rabbit Legacy|You said you left Mississippi in 1854," Ron says. He turns to Mamuwalde and asks "Were you a runaway slave?" "Not at all," Cindy Lou answers. "Daddy freed him." Ron's jaw almost hits the floor. His wine glass does.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|You will not be my X, but you will always be my full story from ( A to Z )
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|You think it can't get worse than wanting someone and not having them, but it can. You can want someone, have them, and want them more. Still. Always. You can never get enough.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If size really mattered, a match wouldn’t be able to set a forest on fire.
Taylor Mali|People say that you always have to tell the truth. But they do not mean this because you are not allowed to tell old people that they are old and you are not allowed to tell people if they smell funny or if a grown-up has made a fart. And you are not allowed to say, 'I don't like you,' unless that person has been horrible to you.
Muna Adnan Naqi|Every time you think of escaping mentally or physically, grab the book that lies inches away from your heart.
VIRGIL PROFEANU|Knowledge makes us stronger, but power is not supersede by it (knowledge). Vulnerable is power without knowledge. Impracticable is knowledge without power.
Meister Eckhart|A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man. Kites rise against, not with, the wind.
George Müller, The Autobiography of George Muller|I believe God has heard my prayers. He will make it manifest in His own good time that He has heard me. I have recorded my petitions that when God has answered them, His name will be glorified.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I tend to think my eye's vision is still 20/20, because they mind their own business.
Judy Nichols, Tree Huggers|If you can work anywhere, anytime, then pretty soon you're working everywhere all the time.
Debasish Mridha|To bring peace to this beautiful home we call Earth, let us all sing a song of love.
H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Curiosity is the doorway to our personal possibility!" 2nd Edition coming Oct.  31, 2017|ART happens every time we live in the spirit of the moment’s greatness" from Cinderella in Focus
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.
Debasish Mridha|The ego says, win the world to find peace. The spirit says, win yourself over to find peace.
Ilona Andrews, Grace of Small Magics|When she looked at him with those dark eyes, Nassar felt the urge to say something intelligent and deeply impressive. Unfortunately, nothing of the kind came to mind.
Robert W. Chambers, The King in Yellow and Other Horror Stories|I wanted to explore this idea that the bogey man in the closet is scary, but being a mother is scarier.
conversations with a pigeon|Do you think people have evolved too far, because I do; oh their ability to heal is indeed a wonder and I do praise them for that, but in many other things I think evolution has been a bit rushed, like getting to the bus stop before the wheel was invented.
Janet Yellen|In the United States, the fact that you can start again gives a lot of energy and strength and youth to this country. That is why it's so powerful in many ways, and so creative.
David Foster Wallace|Trust doesn't need any proof, its always hypothetical.
Lloyd Dorfman|I've been the co-chair of the Non-Partisan Women's Caucus and vice-chair for several years, taking a leadership role in this women's organization.
Scott Hastie|We too can repair our cracks with goldAnd glow again.Crazed by life,More beautiful than ever before.
Adrian Lyne|No jealousy their dawn of love overcast, nor blasted were their wedded days with strife; each season looked delightful as it past, to the fond husband and the faithful wife.
Amit Kalantri|Crowd is just a bunch of heads, it is their leader who is the mind.
Euginia Herlihy|You must know where you're and see what's ahead of you, by doing that you'll be able to achieve your dreams and goals. This sort of journey is called the power of sight and the power of imagination. Without the capacity of imagination the future is doomed.
Kindle Alexander, Full Disclosure|I wanna hear you say my name when you come. Just so you know who made you feel like this." - Mitch Knox
Lisa Lutz|My books are shelved in different places, depending on the bookstore. Sometimes they can be found in the Mystery section, sometimes in the Humor department, and occasionally even in the Literature aisle, which is somewhat astounding.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|You don´t have to let it linger Within the palm of your hand, The tip's already in your finger:All beginning comes to an end.
Unarine Ramaru|Value those who give you constructive criticism, because without them doing so, you will never reach the peak of what you are do.
Jack Canfield, Carrie O'Maley|Instead, we try to give them affection, confidence and guidance, more or less in that order, because experience has shown us that those are their most immediate needs.
Jason Statham|I'm into all things German. Everything that I own is German. As far as cars go, anyway.
Domenico Dolce|Hope and Crosby made seven 'Road' movies, starting in 1940 with 'Road to Singapore.' The movies were always about Crosby and Hope fleeing America and finding Dorothy Lamour in some exotic location. Bob's character was cocky and cowardly; Bing's character was smooth and unruffled. They were great characters - lousy, lovable guys.
Connie Kerbs|Has there ever been a more important subject, in all the world, than children and families? These are, after all, the foundation and ultimate purpose of any society. Moreover, the overall purpose of this experience is not merely survival or just the day after day (after day) exercise of going through the motions of meeting basic needs. Rather, it was meant to be a long, deep immersion of a work in progress, a life-long celebration of sorts, steeped in love, beauty, and joy. Anything less is a travesty and is tragically off the mark of true success for the parent and the child, and amiss of the essentials for a fullness of life for both.
David Benatar, Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence|This is not to offer a general recommendation of suicide. Suicide, like death from other causes, makes the lives of those who are bereaved much worse. Rushing into one’s own suicide can have profound negative impact on the lives of those close to one. Although an Epicurean may be committed to not caring about whathappens after his death, it is still the case that the bereaved suffer a harm even if the deceased does not. That suicide harms those who are thereby bereaved is part of the tragedy of coming into existence. We find ourselves in a kind of trap. We have already come into existence. To end our existence causes immense pain to those we love and for whom we care. Potential procreators would do well to consider this trap they lay when they produce offspring.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Because the truth is, it isn't worth loving something if you aren't going to love it all the way.
Tsugumi Ohba, Death note|Your way, your rules. Their way - their rules.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|That is the eternal folly of man. To be chasing after the sweet flesh, without realizing that it is simply a pretty cover for the bones.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Keep a positive mind. Remember, a failed attempt doesn’t make you a failure—giving up does.
Mark Rubinstein|A novel, though fiction, often speaks to the largest truths.
Kurtis J. Wiebe, Rat Queens, Vol. 2: The Far Reaching Tentacles of N'rygoth|This isn't the work of our people, Delilah. It's a corruption of power. The gods are neutral, good and evil manifests in the deeds of mortals.''Or, just maybe-- The power is our own and the credit horribly misplaced.
Virginia Alison|Do not fear the fire within you, burning brighter than any star it attracts only those whose flame feeds off the very air that you breathe. Let passion be the inferno that engulfs your soul.
Samuel Park, This Burns My Heart|Chamara. What is the word that comes closest to it? Soo-Ja wondered. To stand it, to bear it, to grit your teeth and not cry out? To hold on, to wait until the worst is over? There is no other word for it, no way to translate it. It is not a word. It is a way to console yourself. He is not just telling her to stand the pain, but giving her comfort, the power to do so. Chamara is an incantation, and if she listens to its sound, she believes that she can do it, that she will push through this sadness. And if she is strong about it, she'll be rewarded in the end. It is a way of saying, I know, I feel it, too. This burns my heart, too.
Umair Siddiqui|The beautiful affair of sun, sky and the sea brings a perfect moment of love, peace and joy
Akiroq Brost|Self-acceptance can be daunting at first, but it is made easier with the understanding that self-acceptance is not hinged on perfection. Self-acceptance is the starting point.
Mao Zedong, Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-Tung|The will of God prevails. In great contests each party claims to act in accordance with the will of God. Both *may* be, and one *must* be, wrong. God cannot be *for* and *against* the same thing at the same time. In the present civil war it is quite possible that God's purpose is something different from the purpose of either party - and yet the human instrumentalities, working just as they do, are of the best adaption to effect His purpose. I am almost ready to say that this is probably true - that God wills this contest, and wills that it shall not end yet. By His mere great power, on the minds of the now contestants, He could have either *saved* or *destroyed* the Union without human contest. Yet the contest began, And, having begun He could give the final victory to either side any day. Yet the contest proceeds.
Ash Gray, Time's Arrow|Verne frowned. “Calm down. Don’t exert yourself in your condition.”	Salen looked at Verne in amazement. “Don’t exert --! My dear woman, we are all about to die! I don’t think it damn well matters if I shit my pants at this point --
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|He was sprightly and uncommonly good looking, with a quiet, magnanimous confidence that attracted people. He was my hero, too, and I listened to him. He gave me lots of wise advice. He told me to put myself in win-win situations, and that, “You have to know what you want, and you have to get it,
Sunday Adelaja|If we in Nigeria and Africa generally are to experience a true national transformation, there must be numerous movements championing the cause for truth and honesty in every aspect of our daily affairs.
AnkitMishra|Don’t let your consciousness polluted by the sheen of the clothing. White, black, brown or any color of the skin is nothing but the clothing we are born with and remember that eventually we all are connected dots of this universe through our souls.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|In the therapeutic process based on awareness, there exists no ”I" – it just exists a presence, a light, a love and a silence.
Andy Paula|Gods do have their divisions thanks to man. Jesus Christ is the Christian God, Allah the Muslim and so on. As a convent student, I thought God was English till the Sanskrit mantras became somewhat comprehensible.
Magen McMinimy, Dark Soul|You should open these doors with care and caution-but, first, you must know how to close them. And above all, you must know which doors should be left unopened...
Josh Turner|Most people travel with a good book, but I also keep my agenda with me; I'll flip through the pages and take a few moments to organize my life a little - I rarely get the time to do this normally.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|There are days when everything I see seems to me charged with meaning: messages it would be difficult for me to communicate to others, define, translate into words, but which for this very reason appear to me decisive. They are announcements or presages that concern me and the world at once: for my part, not only the external events of my existence but also what happens inside, in the depths of me; and for the world, not some particular event but the general way of being of all things.
Gift Gugu Mona|Maybe there's only a dark road ahead. But you still have to believe and keep going. Believe that the stars will light your path, even a little bit. Come on... Let's go on a journey!
J.W. Lord|This was not what we wanted to hear that morning. Adventures inspire, tall tales excite, and fantasies stir the imagination, but sad stories seldom ever buoy the spirit. We all paused to take in the sad news.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Life, death, preservation, loss, failure, success, poverty, riches, worthiness, unworthiness, slander, fame, hunger, thirst, cold, heat - these are the alternations of the world, the workings of fate. Day and night they change place before us, and wisdom cannot spy out their source. Therefore, they should not be enough to destroy your harmony; they should not be allowed to enter the storehouse of the spirit. If you can harmonize and delight in them, master them and never be at a loss for joy; if you can do this day and night without break and make it be spring with everything, mingling with all and creating the moment within your own mind - this is what I call being whole in power.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|What better occupation, really, than to spend the evening at the fireside with a book, with the wind beating on the windows and the lamp burning bright...Haven't you ever happened to come across in a book some vague notion that you've had, some obscure idea that returns from afar and that seems to express completely your most subtle feelings?
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|He is mad about being small when you were big, but no, that's not it, he is mad about being helpless when you were powerful, but no, not that either, he is mad about being contingent when you were necessary, not quite it... he is insane because when he loved you, you didn't notice.
Mark Haskell Smith, Heart of Dankness: Underground Botanists, Outlaw Farmers, and the Race for the Cannabis Cup|The fact that, in the United States, there are people serving ten-year prison terms for growing marijuana plants in their backyards while Wall Street racketeers, who have defrauded millions of people and destroyed the global economy, walk free is a kind of bizarre hypocrisy that boggles my mind.
Morgan Rhodes, Falling Kingdoms|Magic will find those with pure hearts, even when all seems lost.
James L. Rubart, Soul's Gate|It's your destiny to be here, Dana.""Oh really. How nice. Is it Brandon's destiny to be here too?""Yep.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Positive rights are the right to shelter, the right to education, the right to health care, the right to a living wage. These things are - these are, I would call them, more properly, political rights rather than positive rights. And they are extremely tricky, because now we are dealing with things that are zero sum.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|You are a cynical man, Mr. Pleasant.""We live in cynical times, Miss Cain.
Leonardo da Vinci|If a dog will not come to you after having looked you in the face, you should go home and examine your conscience.
Henry Bessemer|I had an immense advantage over many others dealing with the problem inasmuch as I had no fixed ideas derived from long-established practice to control and bias my mind, and did not suffer from the general belief that whatever is, is right.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Each night, I close my eyes and dream. In the morning, I open my eyes again, but the dreaming doesn't stop.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|We have gained reality and lost dream. No more lounging under a tree and peering at the sky between one's big and second toes; there's work to be done. To be efficient, one cannot be hungry and dreamy but must eat steak and keep moving.
Thomas Jefferson|Being an absolute ruler today was not as simple as people thought. At least, it was not simple if your ambitions included being an absolute ruler tomorrow. There were subtleties. Oh, you could order men to smash down doors and drag people off the dungeons without trial, but too much of that sort of thing lacked style and anyway was bad for business, habit-forming and very, very dangerous for your health. A thinking tyrant, it seemed to Vetinari, had a much harder job than a ruler raised to power by some idiot vote-yourself-rich system like democracy. At least they could tell the people he was their fault.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|The sound of thunder awake me, and when I got up, my feet sank into muddy water up to my ankles. Mother took Buster and Helen to high ground to pray, but I stayed behind with Apache and Lupe. We barricaded the door with the rug and started bailing water out the window. Mother came back and begged us to go pray with her on the hilltop. "To heck with praying!" I shouted. "Bail, dammit, bail!"Mom look mortified. I could tell she thought I'd probably doomed us all with my blasphemy, and I was a little shocked at it myself, but with the water rising so fast, the situation was dire. We had lit the kerosene lamp, and we could see the walls of the dugout were beginning to sag inward. If Mom had pitched in and helped, there was a chance we might have been able to save the dugout - not a good chance, but a fighting chance. Apache and Lupe and I couldn't do it on our own, though, and when the ceiling started to cave, we grabbed Mom's walnut headboard and pulled it through the door just as the dugout collapsed in on itself, burying everything.Afterward, I was pretty aggravated with Mom. She kept saying that the flood was God's will and we had to submit to it. But I didn't see things that way. Submitting seemed to me a lot like giving up. If God gave us the strength to bail - the gumption to try to save ourselves - isn't that what he wanted us to do?
Ashley Beale, Illusion|It is just an illusion of freedom. We are, perhaps, as free as a railway carriage.
Lisa Bevere, Girls with Swords: Why Women Need to Fight Spiritual Battles|If you are not praying the type of prayers that scare you, your prayers are certainly not frightening our enemy.
Robert Browning|The riders in a race do not stop short when they reach the goal. There is a little finishing canter before coming to a standstill. There is time to hear the kind voice of friends and to say to one's self: "The work is done."
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|One can’t have something for nothing. Happiness has got to be paid for. You’re paying for it, Mr. Watson - paying because you happen to be too much interested in beauty.
Lorde, Lorde - Pure Heroine Songbook|I never took much, I never asked for your crutch, Now don't ask for mine.
C.S. Lewis|We are living a shallow, hollow Christianity and hardly realize it. Our Christianity looks nothing like the Book of Acts, and we somehow have no problem with that. It is anemic and weak compared to the apostolic glory days. We have started to rewrite ourtheology based on our lack of experience, rather than based upon the scriptures.
Carol Ann Duffy|When it comes to referring to Dickens's life, performing plays with your nine children for friends and family during Christmas is Dickensian.
Michael Yarus|The sawdust flew. A slightly sweet fragrance floated in the immediate area. It was a sweet but subtle aroma, neither the scent of pine nor willow, but one from the past that had been forgotten, only to reappear now after all these years, fresher than ever. The workmen occasionally scooped up a handful of sawdust, which they put into their mouths and swallowed. Before that they had chewed on pieces of green bark that they had stripped from the cut wood. It had the same fragrance and it freshened their mouths, so at first that was what they had used. Now even though they were no longer chewing the bark with which they felt such a bond, the stack of corded wood was a very appealing sight. From time to time they gave the logs a friendly slap or kick. Each time they sawed off a section, which rolled to the ground from the sawhorse, they would say:'Off with you - go over there and lie down where you belong.'What they were thinking was that big pieces of lumber like this should be used to make tables or chairs or to repair a house or make window frames; wood like this was hard to find.But now they were cutting it into kindling to be burned in stoves, a sad ending for good wood like this. They could see a comparison with their own lives, and this was a saddening thought. ("North China")
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|You can be a really nasty, selfish little jerk when you're scared enough. I was scared enough.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|In time, the hurt began to fade and it was easier to just let it go. At least I thought it was. But in every boy I met in the next few years, I found myself looking for you, and when the feelings got too strong, I'd write you another letter. But I never sent them for fear of what I might find. By then, you'd gone on with your life and I didn't want to think about you loving someone else. I wanted to remember us like we were that summer. I didn't ever want to lose that.
Amanda  Turner|What would you suggest?” one of the Italian officials asked.“We do have a highly-advanced biological device called the Illuminator,” Joseph chimed in
Habeeb Akande|There is nothing more attractive than confidence, once she sees her own beauty, everyone else will.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Up to me. Great. I could hurt my mom and my sisters, or I could hurt my dad. Perfect. Isn't divorce fun?
David Servant, Forever Rich|When someone loves you so much that He dies for you, you can trust that any rewards He promises are going to be good.
Honoré de Balzac, Physiologie Du Mariage|The more one judges, the less one loves.
Coco Chanel|The worst curse to befall anyone is stagnation, a banal existence, the quiet desperation that comes out of a need for conformity. 
Lee Wardlaw, Won-Ton: A Cat Tale Told in Haiku|(Love is the puzzle that) can’t be solved. Catlike, it follows no rules but its own, and only it knows what they are. Also it can change the rules any time it wants, in any way it wants, and there’s nothing anyone can do about it.
Margaret Atwood, Life Before Man|I breathe slowly and deeply. I make my eyes still under eyelids, I make my mind still, and soon, Sleep, seeing a perfect reproduction of himself, comes to be united with his facsimile.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Beast|Just as the poet is a menace to conformity, he is also a constant threat to political dictators. He is always on the verge of blowing up the assembly line of political power.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When mind says it's impossible, don't dictate heart to comply.
Eleanor Catton, The Luminaries|She gave a shiver, and suddenly clutched her arms about her body. She spoke, Gascoigne thought, with an exhilarated fatigue, the kind that comes after the first blush of love, when the self has lost its mooring, and, half-drowning, succumbs to a fearful tide. But addiction was not love; it could not be love. Gascoigne could not romanticize the purple shadows underneath her eyes, her wasted limbs, the dreamy disorientation with which she spoke; but even so, he thought, it was uncanny that opium's ruin could mirror love's raptures with such fidelity.
Jake Shimabukuro|I delight sometimes in saying to - as when I'm a teacher, I love saying, 'This is really important, so don't write it down.' To me, what you retain is a very important filter.
Sola Kosoko|As a child, my clothes were always tailored to be oversized, because I quickly outgrew them and then needed bigger ones. As an adult, I still don't cut my coat according to size
Elizabeth Morgan, Stepping Stones|Getting involved with someone was complicated enough, but with the boss’s daughter? Probably not a good idea.
Phil Schwarzmann, How to Marry a Finnish Girl|pg. 301--"Saturday the weather couldn't decide if it was ready to fully entertain winter or if we were still stuck in the fall."pg.349--"...winter showed up in an angry, punishing fury...
Reformation Thought|But the thing I remember most about the screening in October twenty years ago was the moment Julian grasped my hand that had gone numb on the armrest separating our seats. He did this because in the book Julian Wells lived but in the movie's new scenario he had to die. He had to be punished for all of his sins. That's what the movie demanded. (Later, as a screenwriter, I learned it's what all movies demanded.) When this scene occurred, in the last ten minutes, Julian looked at me in the darkness, stunned. "I died," he whispered. "They killed me off." I waited a bit before sighing, "But you're still here." Julian turned back to the screen and soon the movie ended, the credits rolling over the palm trees as I (improbably) take Blair back to my college while Roy Orbison wails a song about how life fades away.
A.E. Samaan|They say a picture is worth 1,000 words. I say its closer to 675 or 700.
Auliq Ice|My mother buys a handful of wishing beans, which just seem to be white, dry beans with no specific magickal import. She will parse these out over the months when she feels her family members most need a wish. She can believe in wishes, since it is the familiar magic of wells, birthdays, and first stars.
E'yen A. Gardner|It's simple; be YOU. If you're not being you, you're being someone else. YOU are not here to be someone else.
James Thurber|All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|God creates dinosaurs, God kills dinosaurs, God creates man, man kills God, man brings back dinosaurs.
Donald Kagan|That, sir, depends on whether I embrace your mistress or your politics.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Plain Kate greased her boots and bandaged her feet, and soon she would walk like a Roamer born. She helped Drina with the water and the wood, and in the long, wet evenings she carved objarka burji.Plain Kate carved fast and learned slowly. She was bewildered most of the time, but Daj called her mira again, and when she asked Drina what it meant, the girl replied, "It means she likes you. It means your family."Family. It could have kept her walking for a hundred miles. And she did walk far.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|It was a place where, if troubles did not vanish, they were made bearable.
Du Fu|From the beginning I knew my destination, and I chose my route accordingly. But am I working toward an extreme of joy, or of pain? Will I achieve a minimum, or a maximum?
Jinnul Jr.|Your past is your experiences and your teacher as well, and your future is your hope, your dream and your fate, while the present is your moment of learning from past and preparation for the future.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Currently, you are approaching each opportunity with a single possible outcome and when that doesn't happen you fool yourself that there was nothing more that you could have done.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|I can't think of one great human being in the arts, or in history generally, who conformed, who succeeded, as educational experts tell us children must succeed, with his peer group...If a child in their classrooms does not succeed with his peer group, then it would seem to many that both child and teacher have failed. Have they? If we ever, God forbid, manage to make each child succeed with his peer group, we will produce a race of bland and faceless nonentities, and all poetry and mystery will vanish from the face of the earth.
Manna Francis, Games & Players|The question kept breaking into her thoughts as she maneuvered through light traffic and an increasingly difficult roadway. On impulse, she pulled into the crowded parking lot at the supermarket and made her way down one aisle and then another, tossing things into the basket without any real plan. Part of her wanted to snuggle into a cozy domestic situation with Jarrod, snow piled high outside, a pot of soup simmering on the stove, maybe a pie in the oven, and his rumbling baritone muttering sweet nothings in her ear. The other part wanted to run, fast, to her office and lock herself inside where she would scan potential vacation spots and book her flight. Leave tomorrow or, well, as soon as the runways were clear.
Auliq Ice|I cannot think that man is meant to find happiness so easily! Happiness is like one of those palaces on an enchanted island, its gates guarded by dragons. One must fight to gain it; and, in truth, I do not know what I have done to deserve the good fortune of becoming Mercédès, husband.
Kevin Clash|If everybody else your age is doing something very different than what you're doing, there's always going to be someone saying to you you might not succeed with it, you might not make any money with that... there's always going to be some type of obstacle in the way. All of those things will go away if you really focus on what makes you happy.
Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader|It is the city that is wrong, and its creations can never be right; they may be improved; they can never be what they should.... Until the whole atrocious system of herding working people in close-built cities, by way of making them serviceable cogwheels in the capitalistic machine for grinding out rent and profit, comes to an end, the physical education of children will remain at best a pathetic compromise.
Howard Jacobson|Designers are very fickle. I never wanted to be a victim of that. You're in one minute, out the next.
Mark Gatiss|I imagine John Watson thinks love’s a mystery to me, but the chemistry is incredibly simple and very destructive. When we first met, you told me that a disguise is always a self portrait, how true of you, the combination to your safe – your measurements. But this is far more intimate. This is your heart, and you should never let it rule your head. You could have chosen any random number and walked out of here today with everything you worked for. But you just couldn’t resist it, could you? I’ve always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage. Thank you for the final proof.
Charles Soule|Ron Howard is as good a person as you could want to work with on film. He never lost his cool. He's the most easygoing, lovely man, but he's got this enormous intelligence and a wonderful humanity.
Bert McCoy|without the bombardment of thoughts, the truth will emerge through intuition.
Witold Gombrowicz, Ferdydurke|I wished, first of all, to buy my way into people's good graces with my book so that, in subsequent personal contact, I would find the ground already prepared, and, I reasoned, if I succeeded in implanting in their soules a favorable image of me, this image would in turn shape me; and so, willy-nilly, I would become mature.
Jennifer Crusie, What the Lady Wants|The silence became unreal and seemed suddenly filled with a noise of its own, the noise of a too long silence.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|The pair smiled desperately at one another. And for the first time ever, despite the fact that everyone he knew - even the gods themselves - would condemn him for it, Jebel didn't think of Tel Hesani as a slave, but as an equal.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|People who are hard on others are usually very hard on themselves, and the pain they inflict on others is a reflection of the pain they inflict on themselves.
Amit Gupta|Whenever I see all around , I see nothing except atoms & molecules 
Sharad Vivek Sagar|We all have our own battles to fight, and sometimes we have to go it alone. I'm stronger than you think, you'd be surprised.
François Truffaut|The only real failure is the failure to try, and the measure of success is how we cope with disappointment.
Suze Orman|Writing is hard work, not magic. It begins with deciding why you are writing and whom you are writing for. What is your intent? What do you want the reader to get out of it? What do you want to get out of it. It's also about making a serious time commitment and getting the project done.
Will Storr, The Unpersuadables: Adventures with the Enemies of Science|Your brain is all you are, Ms. Enslow, and there's nothing wrong with yours, whatever they might've tried to tell you.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Indeed, for my own part, though I have been repeatedly told by persons for whom I have the greatest respect, that Miss Brown is an insignificant chit, and Mrs. White has nothing but her petit minois chiffonne, and Mrs. Black has not a word to say for herself; yet I know that I have had the most delightful conversations with Mrs. Black (of course, my dear Madam, they are inviolable): I see all the men in a cluster round Mrs. White's chair: all the young fellows battling to dance with Miss Brown; and so I am tempted to think that to be despised by her sex is a very great compliment to a woman.
Bede, Ecclesiastical History of the English People|... he was like a man into whose life a woman, whom he has seen for a moment passing by, has brought a new form of beauty, which strengthens and enlarges his own power of perception, without his knowing even whether he is ever to see her again whom he loves already, although he knows nothing of her, not even her name.
Scott Stabile|If you can’t see some part of yourself in every single person you encounter, then you’re not looking closely enough, at the person or at yourself.
Judith Spencer, Satans High Priest|Keep in mind the roots of violence: Lust, envy, anger, avarice, and vengeance...the taproot...the killer's ultimate and truest motivation...is the hatred of truth...the hatred of truth is a vice. From it comes pride and an enthusiasm for disorder.
Ellen Meister, Dorothy Parker Drank Here|She had been so vulnerable, and Norah wanted only to protect her. But that vulnerability was tied to a massive mistake, a perception of herself too damaged to love. If Norah got anything from this book, it's that we're all damaged. The tragedy is letting it define you.
William Tecumseh Sherman|War consisteth not in battle only, or the act of fighting; but in a tract of time, wherein the will to contend by battle is sufficiently known.
Sunday Adelaja|Once people get to the promise land, they have to perform miracles by themselves.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|But if two people do almost nothing except search for one another, it's hardly surprising if they run across each other by chance.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|The human body is the most ordinary of things, yet also the most extraordinary.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Deeply immersed in a constant bubble bath of sin, you cannot communicate with Jesus Christ unless you are ready to get out of the bath. John 1:9
Peter Simeti, CHAIR|I saw the Tracker—but that’s wrong, really. I saw right to where the tracking thing was. I saw those winnowing tentacles come out again, and the front figure pause, and then—it’s the only word that actually describes it—ooze on again on its via dolorosa. And at that the hind figure seemed to summon all its strength. It seemed to open out a fringe of arms or tentacles, a sort of corona of black rays spread out. It gaped with a full expansion, and even I could feel that there was a perfectly horrible attraction, or vacuum drag, being exerted. That was horrible enough, with the face of the super-suffering man now almost under me resonating my own terror. But the worst thing was that, as the tentacles unwrapped and winnowed out toward their prey, I saw they weren’t really tentacles at all. They were spreading cracks, veins, fissures, rents of darkness expanding from a void, a gap of pure blackness. There’s only one way to say it—one was seeing right through the solid world into a gap, an ultimate maelstrom. And from it was spreading out a—I can only call it so—a negative sunrise of black radiation that would deluge and obliterate everything. Of course it was still only a fissure, a vent, but one realized—This is a hole, a widening hole, that has been pierced in the dike that defends the common-sense, sensuous world. Through this vortex-hole that is rapidly opening, over this lip and brink, everything could slip, fall in, find no purchase, be swallowed up.It was like watching a crumbling cliff with survivors clinging to it being undercut and toppling into a black tide that had swallowed up its base. This negative force could drag the solidest things from their base, melt them, engulf the whole hard, visible world. And we were right on that brink. What was after us, for I knew now I was in its field, was not a thing of any passions or desires. Those are limited things, satiable things—in a way, balanced things, and so familiar, safe even, almost friendly in comparison with this. You know the grim saying, “You can give a sop to Cerberus, but not to his Master.” No, this was—that’s the technical term, I found, coined by those who have been up against this and come back alive—this was absolute Deprivation, really insatiable need, need that nothing can satisfy, absolute refusal to give, to yield. It is the second strongest thing in the universe, and, indeed, outside that. It could swallow the whole universe, and the universe would go for nothing, because in that gap the whole universe could fill not a bit of it. It would remain as empty, as gaping, as insatiable as ever, for it is the bottomless pit made by unstanchable Lack.
Gladys Taber|Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused— in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened— by the recurrence of Christmas.
Rose Wilder Lane|It is precisely democracy which is destroying the American political structure, American law, and the American economy.
Xenophon|No human being will ever know the truth, for even if they happened to say it by chance, they would not know they had done so.
Dr. Russ Hill, Medical Investigation 101: A Book to Inspire Your Interest in Medicine and How Doctors Think|Having a system for thinking deeper can provide greater insight into solving everyday problem. Such a system is shared in my book, Medical Investigation 101.
Pope John XXIII|You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Chelsea Manning|We have to realize only in communication, in real knowledge, in real reaching out, can there be an understanding that there's humanity everywhere, and that's what I'm trying to do.
Ludacris|Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent.
Charles Bukowski|I can say I didn't win, but I can't say that I didn't try.
Chris Benz|But if you read Jane Austen, you know that she had a wicked sense of humor. Not only was she funny, but her early writing was very dark and had a gothic tone to it.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|He goes directly to the ballroom, making his way to the center of the dance floor. He takes Celia’s arm, spinning her away from Herr Thiessen.Marco pulls her to him in an emerald embrace, so close that no one distinction remains between where his suite ends and her gown begins. To Celia there is suddenly no one else in the room as he holds her in his arms. But before she can vocalize her surprise, his lips close over hers and she is lost in wordless bliss. Marco kisses her as though they are the only two people in the world. The air swirls in a tempest around them, blowing open the glass doors to the garden with a tangle of billowing curtains. Every eye in the ballroom turns in their direction. And then he releases her and walks away. By the time Marco leaves the room, almost everyone has forgotten the incident entirely. It is replaced by a momentary confusion that is blamed on the heat or the excessive amounts of champagne. Herr Thiessen cannot recall why Celia has suddenly stopped dancing, or when her gown has shifted to its current deep green. “Is something wrong?” he asks, when he realizes that she is trembling.
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|When God keeps away certain people from you, it may be that the person is not good for you.
Tasha Smith|All anger is not sinful, because some degree of it, and on some occasions, is inevitable. But it becomes sinful and contradicts the rule of Scripture when it is conceived upon slight and inadequate provocation, and when it continues long.
Byron Sogie-Thomas, Razor Bumps and Stretch Marks|Not every Gym Rat will become MVP, but every MVP is a gym rat.
Patrick Hicks|Good writing should help us see the world in new ways, it should crack open our generosity towards each other. That's what I hope my work does anyway. I want someone to read it and know that they aren't alone in the universe. I want my words to act as connective tissue.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|When Christianity says that God loves man it means that God LOVES man: not that He has some 'disinterested'; because really indifferent, concern for our welfare, but that in awful and surprising truth, we are the objects of His love. You asked for a loving God: you have one. The great spirit you so lightly invoked, the 'lord of terrible aspect', is present: not a senile benevolence that drowsily wishes you to be happy in your own way, not the cold philanthropy of a conscientious magistrate, nor the care of a host who feels responsible for the comfort of his guests, but the consuming fire Himself, the Love that made the worlds......How this should be, I do not know: it passes reason to explain why any creatures, not to say creatures such as we should have a value so prodigious in their Creator's eyes. It is certainly a burden of glory, not only beyond our deserts but also, except in rare moments of grace, beyond our desiring; we are inclined, like the maidens in the old play, to deprecate the love of Zeus.
Maryse Holder, Give Sorrow Words: Maryse Holder's Letters From Mexico|As soon as whatever provisional well of confidence dries up, I will feel like a frightened motherless child. And I will—what? Lessee, I'll beg friends to assure me I'm fascinating, that my soul is complex so I can once more conduce to irony. An abyss opens up.
Bo Bennett|The test of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
Peter O'Toole|Another very strong image from the first day was giving my initial press conference in the morning - going down and finding out that everything I had said, the essence of what I had said, was wrong.
Roald Dahl, Katina|Men were foolish and were made only so that they should die, while mountains and rivers went on for ever and did not notice the passing of time.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.
Katherine Mansfield, Journal of Katherine Mansfield|Saw the sun rise. A lovely apricot sky with flames in it and then solemn pink. Heavens, how beautiful...I feel so full of love to-day after having seen the sun rise.
Nikki Giovanni, Quilting the Black-Eyed Pea|I was asked once why I write poetry. I said, why do you breath?
Manu Joseph, Serious Men|Tell me everything about this woman you once knew. Tell me everything she ever told you about Jesus of Nazareth." Marcus saw the fever in his eyes. "Why?" he said, frowning. "Why does it matter?""Just tell me, Marcus Lucianus Valerian. Tell me everything. From the beginning. Let me decide for myself what matters."And so Marcus did as he was asked. He gave in to his deep need to speak of Hadassah. And all the while he talked of her, he failed to see the irony in what he was doing. For as he told the story of a simple Judean slave girl, Marcus Lucianus Valerian, a Roman who didn't believe in anything, proclaimed the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Miranda July, The First Bad Man|Maybe he wouldn't say anything, which is the worst thing men do.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Anyone can be a hero, even those who cannot. They just have to believe.
Tom Watson|I lived for two years in Odawara, a castle town an hour outside of Tokyo, near the sea. It's a beautiful place, and I drew on my experiences there when writing 'The Lake of Dreams.'
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|Reality, in its essence, consists not of particles interacting pointlessly in anindependent physical plane, but rather of values, psychological elements ofmind, made real.
Elvia Alvarado, Don't Be Afraid, Gringo|The church wanted us to give out food to malnourished children, but they didn't want us to question why they were malnourished to begin with.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Praise is the mode of love which always has some element of joy in it. Praise in due order; of Him as the giver, of her as the gift. Don’t we in praise somehow enjoy what we praise, however far we are from it? I must do more of this.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I die with the dying light, yet shine brighter as the darkness approaches. Soon I’ll be whittled to bone and stripped clean through, nothing left but a skeleton on which to hang a hat. But have no fear, I look good in hats.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About Christianity|...capitalism satisfied the Christian demand for an institution that channels selfish human desire toward the betterment of society. Some critics accuse capitalism of being a selfish system, but the selfishness is not in capitalism - it is in human nature.
Charlotte Brontë|Men, in general, are a sort of scum, very different to anything of which you have an idea.
Toni Morrison|I am charmed by the idea that there is an activity known as work and another as play, although even in grade school the distinction eluded me. I remember how full of hope I was sitting in first-period home room listening to the teacher divide up our activities into purposeful sections. I got a grip on her process, at last, by picturing it in the following way: A cow stands in clover. When she is milked, that is her work; when she is merely eating, that is her play. But the problem lay, then as now, in the realization that, in any case, she is standing in clover. Not a handsome or elegant analogy, but it approximates for me the habit of reading - standing in a world of clover, the eating of which is occasionally utilitarian, usually nourishing, because that's what one does
Marissa Mayer|When a kid graduates from being the youngest in a family to being a big brother or sister, there's an amazing transformation. They have to make a big effort, and when they accept their new position in the family, everybody breathes a sigh of relief. All of a sudden they seem bigger, and they seem smarter, and they feel good about it, too.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|Nice dress,” Victoria said.“Thank you,” Perpetua said. “Do you mind if I ask you a personal question?”Victoria blinked. “Uh, what?
James Knight - The Philosophical Muser Blog|Before you contemplate becoming immersed in the collective, make sure you become immersed in the liberation of your own individualism. Rescue yourself from seeking refuge in group think, or from being transfixed on the false security of cooperative agendas, and first master the essence of your own individuality. Only then will you really be a valuable part of a collective.
Farshad Asl|Coaching is one of the most effective leadership styles that can transform, empower and unlock people's potential. Ask more, advice less, elevate your impact forever.
Monet Polny The Lincoln Spy|Good to see you too, Otto." -Sydney Rose
Allen Klein|In my opinion, I think sarcasm and humor in a song, without turning it into a novelty song, is really charming.
A.G. Starling, It's a Love Game|So what’s your name?” the stranger asked.Tarrah pulled his shirt away from her head and held out her hand. “Tarrah. Tarrah Reid.”He slipped his hand into hers, his cheeks stiffening as he held back a smile.Tarrah sighed, knowing exactly what he was thinking. She was completely aware of the fact that she held the name of a famous Hollywood actress. The association actually helped with her “Christmas floozy” persona during the holidays, so she’d never really minded.
David Wellington, 99 Coffins|Invitation to Dance-It’s a Dance. And sometimes they turn the lights off in this ballroom.But we’ll dance anyway, you and I. Even in the Dark. Especially in the Dark.May I have the pleasure?
Émile Zola, L'Assommoir (The Dram Shop)|Death had to take her little by little, bit by bit, dragging her along to the bitter end of the miserable existence she'd made for herself. They never even knew what she did die of. Some spoke of a chill. But the truth was that she died from poverty, from the filth and the weariness of her wretched life.
Robert Muller|To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do what is bad, Lay upon your knees and call upon HIM, and he will guide you in the right way.
Anita Brookner, Latecomers|[…] nobody grows up. Everyone carries around all the selves that they have ever been, intact, waiting to be reactivated in moments of pain, of fear, of danger. Everything is retrievable, every shock, every hurt. But perhaps it becomes a duty to abandon the stock of time that one carries within oneself, to discard it in favour of the present, so that one’s embrace may be turned outwards to the world in which one has made one’s home.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|Be very attentive towards the child’s evolving World of Senses that needs Stability, Routine, & Structure, World of Emotions that needs Love, Freedom & Creativity and World of Thoughts that needs Discrimination as an Ability to choose Right Thinking, Emotions, Behaviour.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|I hold that it is the duty of every cultured man or woman to read sympathetically the scriptures of the world. If we are to respect others'religions as we would have them to respect our own, a friendly study of theworld's religions is a sacred duty.
Diego Klattenhoff|You cannot make thousands of universities or hundreds of thousands of professors, but with technology and the Internet you can have great courses and make a digital university.
Frankie Love, His Lucky Charm: An Irish Mountain Man|CLOVER: I take hold of my daughter, knowing her life may be complicated, not seem fair, and often a cruel joke.I can’t protect her from self-doubt and denial, things all of us inevitably face one way or another––but I can make sure she knows her father and I think we’re the luckiest people in the world to have her.And I think that might be enough.In fact, I think that might be everything.
Kamand Kojouri|Can we share my eyes so you can see what I see?Can we share my ears so you can hear what I hear?Can you perch on my shouldersso you can go where I go?Always in my heart, I don’t experience anything separate from you.This shared wonderment becomes doubled.This shared love becomes infinite.
Nancy Hale|Confronted by an absolutely infuriating review  it is sometimes helpful for the victim to do a little personal research on the critic. Is there any truth to the rumor that he had no formal education beyond the age of eleven? In any event  is he able to construct a simple English sentence? Do his participles dangle? When moved to lyricism  does he write "I had a fun time"? Was he ever arrested for burglary? I don't know that you will prove anything this way  but it is perfectly harmless and quite soothing.
Stephen King|In Sweden, I went to an English school, where there was a mishmash of people from all over the world. Some were diplomatic kids with a lot of money, some were ghetto kids who came up from the suburbs, and I grew up in between. There's a community of second generation immigrants, and I became part of that because I had an American father.
Marwa Ayad|How often, you wonder, has the direction of your life been shaped by such misunderstandings? How many opportunities have you been denied--or, for that matter, awarded--because someone failed to see you properly? How many friends have you lost, how many have you gained, because they glimpsed some element of your personality that shone through for only an instant, and in circumstances you could never reproduce? An illusion of water shimmering at the far bend of a highway.
Hanna Lui, Suck|Perfect,” he groaned. “You are perfect.” He sank his teeth into her ass, hard, drawing blood. “And now you wear my mark,” he finished proudly. “Your ass is mine.
Manfred von Richthofen|So, I created these creatures called The Frightened Ones which in the film you see do have mask like kind of heads and they run beneath the ground to hide. Which is what in fact we did during the war.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|When the Holy Spirit moves, there is Supernatural Accomplishment
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Try to think of it as though we are rewriting history––the first time this experience occurred you and I never kissed in this Dream Machine room. But now when we leave here, and open our eyes again near the wall around the center of Constance, that kiss will be included in our memories of the day we first met. We could spend a lifetime recreating this moment here, meanwhile, not a single second of our lives would slip by back in our reality. Time seems to move differently inside of our memories.
Sergio Troncoso, Crossing Borders: Personal Essays|A strange species we are, We can stand anything God and nature can throw at us save only plenty. If I wanted to destroy a nation, I would give it too much, and I would have it on its knees, miserable, greedy, sick. --John Steinbeck to Adlai Stevenson
Jennifer Garner|Universal education is not only a moral imperative but an economic necessity, to pave the way toward making many more nations self-sufficient and self-sustaining.
Banksy, Wall and Piece|People say graffiti is ugly, irresponsible and childish... but that's only if it's done properly.
Dawn Kohler, The Invitation: A Weekend with Emma|...and from here I realized, with the deepest sense of my being, that we can erect and dismantle the great walls of the world, but we will only truly survive as a species when we dedicate ourselves to removing the walls from within.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|every thought that deviates from the officially prescribed and permanently changing line is already suspect, no matter in which field of human activity it occurs. Simply because of their capacity to think, human beings are suspects by definition, and this suspicion cannot be diverted by exemplary behavior, for the human capacity to think is also a capacity to change one's mind.
Lana Del Rey|No matter how many people give me advice, I am going to do what my heart tells me to do
Charles W. Colson|Christians should never have a political party. It is a huge mistake to become married to an ideology, because the greatest enemy of the gospel is ideology. Ideology is a man-made format of how the world ought to work, and Christians instead believed in the revealing truth Scripture.
Christopher Farnsworth, Red, White, and Blood|What did you think of him?" Cade asked."Give me some credit," Zach said. "Guy’s more full of shit than a duck pond.
Katherine  Dunn, Misfits of Love: Healing Conversations in the Barnyard|I am here, come closer,” the old donkey said with her eyes. “I will mother you.
Kate McGahan|Fear creates attachment. Look around at the people and things you feel attached to; the people and things that you believe you can't live without. What is it that you are afraid of? Make it a goal to let go of attachment and, when you do, the fear will leave and unexpectedly beautiful things can come into its place. That is the reward for living in love and faith, instead of in fear.
Dan Ariely, The Honest Truth About Dishonesty: How We Lie to Everyone - Especially Ourselves|One percent of people will always be honest and never steal," the locksmith said. "Another one percent will always be dishonest and always try to pick your lock and steal your television. And the rest will be honest as long as the conditions are right - but if they are tempted enough, they'll be dishonest too. Locks won't protect you from the thieves, who can get in your house if they really want to. They will only protect you from the mostly honest people who might be tempted to try your door if it had no lock".
John G. Stackhouse Jr., Finally Feminist: A Pragmatic Christian Understanding of Gender|When society was patriarchal, as it was in the New Testament context and as it has been everywhere in the world except in modern society in our day, the church avoided scandal by going along with it - fundamentally evil as patriarchy was and is. Now, however, that modern society is at least officially egalitarian, the scandal is that the church is NOT going along with society, not rejoicing in the unprecedented freedom to let women and men serve according to gift and call without an arbitrary gender line. This scandal impedes both the evangelism of others and the edification - the retention and development of faith - of those already converted.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|What a rich wisdom it would be, and how much more bountiful a harvest, to gain pleasure not from achieving personal perfection but from understanding the inevitability of imperfection and pardoning those who also fall short of it.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun|But she left him. That night the angels came back for her, like she'd asked them to. And nobody who saw the heartbreak on Grandpa's face when Granny breathed her last would have thought for one minute that he was glad to get shet of her . . . .
Emma Cline, The Girls|Sadness at that age had the pleasing texture of imprisonment: you reared and sulked against the bonds of parents and school and age, things that kept you from the certain happiness that awaited. When I was a sophomore in college, I had a boyfriend who spoke breathlessly of running away to Mexico - it didn't occur to me that we could no longer run away from home.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|We all tend to make zealous judgments and thereby close ourselves off from revelation. If we feel that we already know something in its totality, then we fail to keep our ears and eyes open to that which may expand or even changes that which we so zealously think we know.
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|There's somethin I learned when I was homeless: Our limitation is God's opportunity. When you get all the way to the end of your rope and there ain't nothin you can do, that's when God takes over. I remember one time I was hunkered down in the hobo jungle with some folks. We was talkin 'bout life, and this fella was talkin, said, 'People think they're in control, but they ain't. The truth is, that which must befall thee must befall thee. And that which must pass the by must pass thee by.
Carson McCullers|Books are but waste paper unless we spend in action the wisdom we get from thought - asleep. When we are weary of the living, we may repair to the dead, who have nothing of peevishness, pride, or design in their conversation.
Bradley B. Dalina|Complicated things CHALLENGE us most,HURTS us most,and there, we LEARN the most.
Glenn Danzig|I really enjoy being part of the Marvel Universe. It's a cool bunch of people to work with, and they know what they're doing.
Sher E Yazdan|Life is too short.But there are alot of sorrows,
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|Though loyal and able and brave, Pea had never displayed the slightest ability to learn from his experience, though his experience was considerable. Time and again he would walk up on the wrong side of a horse that was known to kick, and then look surprised when he got kicked.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|I had them all fooled into believing I was normal and well-adjusted, a rock of sensibility who could always be counted on to have a positive attitude.
Ron Brackin|People are always ashamed of the misery that has befallen them, as though it were an act of divine retribution for a long-forgotten sin of theirs
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|It remains for you to save one before saving others, to lead one before leading others.
Lao Tzu|To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|It’s all about that cosy, homey feeling, the one you leave behind when you travel across the world.
John Green|I've been asking around to find out what girls are into," Eugene tells me, really pleased with himself. "So I'm gonna get a spray tan and make red-velvet cupcakes.
Roshani Chokshi, A Crown of Wishes|Ah, desire. Such a poisonous thing.
Clancy Martin, The Philosophy of Deception|we live now in circumstances that encourage rather than discourage lying; evidence and activity are more easily concealed, and the need to rely on demeanor as an indicator of a person’s truthfulness is greater. And our evolutionary history has not prepared us to be very sensitive to the behavioral clues relevant to lying.
Melissa Pritchard, Disappearing Ingenue|My father's attitude was that this was but an inevitable phase of my growing up and he affected to take it lightly. But beneath his jocular, boys-together air, he was at a loss, he was frightened. Perhaps he had supposed that my growing up would bring us closer together— whereas, now that he was trying to find out something about me, I was in full flight from him. I did not want him to know me. I did not want anyone to know me. And then, again, I was undergoing with my father what the very young inevitably undergo with their elders: I was beginning to judge him. And the very harshness of this judgment, which broke my heart, revealed, though I could not have said it then, how much I had loved him, how that love, along with my innocence, was dying.
T.S. Eliot, Four Quartets|What you end up experiencing is really a personal presentation of the world according to you, rather than the stark, unfiltered experience of what is really out there. This mental manipulation of the outer experience allows you to buffer reality as it comes in.
Bruce Cameron|With something like cancer, there is a feeling that you can fight it in some way or control your response to it, but with dementia there is the fear of losing control of your mind and your life.
Jerry Della Femina|The rise of the iPod meant that digital music became the norm, It's sad, but you can still find the real stuff out there if you look for it!
Deyth Banger|Mistakes have been always the path of learning, but to close something because of mistakes and to start it again maybe it's good idea, maybe not!
Dada Bhagwan|There is nothing to fear in this world. Whatever happens, it happens to the body-complex [relative-self], right?
Joseph Smith Jr.|Go up along the eastern side of Lake Michigan, steer northeast when the land bends away at Point Betsie, and you come before long to Sleeping Bear Point–an incredible flat-topped sand dune rising five hundred feet above the level of the lake and going north for two miles or more. It looks out over the dark water and the islands that lie just offshore, and in the late afternoon the sunlight strikes it and the golden sand turns white, with a pink overlay when the light is just so, and little cloud shadows slide along its face, blue-gray as evening sets in. Sleeping Bear looks eternal, although it is not; this lake took its present shape no more than two or three thousand years ago, and Sleeping Bear is slowly drifting off to the east as the wind shifts its grains of sand, swirling them up one side and dropping them on the other; in a few centuries it will be very different, if indeed it is there at all. Yet if this is a reminder that this part of the earth is still being remodeled it is also a hint that the spirit back of the remodeling may be worth knowing. In the way this shining dune looks west toward the storms and the sunsets there is a profound serenity, an unworried affirmation that comes from seeing beyond time and mischance. A woman I know says that to look at the Sleeping Bear late in the day is to feel the same emotion that comes when you listen to Beethoven’s Emperor Concerto, and she is entirely right. The message is the same. The only trouble is that you have to compose a planet, or great music, to say it persuasively. Maybe man–some men, anyway–was made in the image of God, after all.
Toni Sorenson|ReThink culture, because it is the foundation of all strategic success.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Hell wasn't a major reservoir of evil, any more then Heaven, in Crowley's opinion, was a fountain of goodness; they were just sides in the great cosmic chess game. Where you found the real McCoy, the real grace and the real heart-stopping evil, was right inside the human mind.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|Wherever one encounters members of the human race, they always show the traits of a being that is condemned to surrealistic effort. Whoever goes in search of humans will find acrobats.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Oh, gentlemen, perhaps I really regard myself as an intelligent man only because throughout my entire life I've never been able to start or finish anything. Granted, granted I'm a babbler, a harmless, irksome babbler, as we all are. But what's to be done if the sole and express purpose of every intelligent man is babble--that is, a deliberate pouring from empty into void.
Michael Franti|Fitness starts at home. What you eat is what you will look, just as what you sow is what you reap. Eat good food: eat fruits, vegetables, healthy grains, and don't go for sweet and trite food.
noehen, Octavius|Octavius, calm down.""How can I? When you touch my cousin more freely than you touch me? When I walk in, hoping to see my beautiful mate, but I see her with him!
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Oh r-really? Do t-tell?” I quirked an eyebrow back at him.“Well, usually it’s best to take your shoes and socks off before you step in the stream, better balance on an uneven surface. Also, you avoid that unpleasant squelchy feeling when you wear the shoes againlater.” He paused, smirking. “Also, ifI was going to paddle barefoot “I was going to paddle barefoot upstream in Yorkshire, I’d wait until at least May before I tried it. But you go ahead, love. You’re clearly a Spartan lass.
Teresa St. Frances, What Happens the Day After?|Having difficult times and grief and brokenness, does not mean that life is over. These are just bumps in the road, obstacles to be overcome and made stepping stones into a long successful life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are going down with dignity, you will be admired as if you are going up!
Marie Sexton, A to Z|The eye of youth is very observant. Youth has its moments of keen intuition, even normal youth -- but the intuition of those who stand mi-way between the sexes is so ruthless, so poignant, so deadly, as to be in the nature of an added scourge...
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|As Robin Morgan wrote so wisely, "Hate generalizes, love specifies". Thats what makes going on the road so important. It definitely specifies.
Henry David Thoreau|We all naturally want to become successful... we also want to take shortcuts. And it's easy to do so, but you can never take away the effort of hard work and discipline and sacrifice.
Stacey  Donovan|I don’t like days that end without answers. I’ll just keep my eyes open and we’ll see what happens. I look up. One of the streetlights fades, disappearing as quick as it shone, the light sucked out of it. Life can be so hilarious sometimes I don’t have time to laugh.
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|He poured a splash of liquid into a second cup. “Come in and warm yerself by the fire.”	Ariana walked deeper into the room, toward the glow of the hearth. It’s heat enveloped her skin and eased away the chill with such expediency, she almost sighed.	Connor appeared beside her with a metal cup extended. “I canna sleep often myself.”	She closed her fingers around the cool surface and glanced at the dark liquid within. A sharp scent hit her nostrils.	“Whisky,” Connor said.	He was perfection in the firelight. Shadows etched his jaw while the light softened his face, his lips. The powerful lines of his chest were visible at the neck of his leine, as well as a dark peppering of small curling black hairs.	“Whisky,” Ariana said with a forced stare at the cup instead of him. “Of course. I drink this all the time.”	“Aye, I knew that about ye. When I first saw ye, I thought, ‘Now there’s a lass who can handle her whisky.’” Connor winked at her with disarming playfulness. “It’ll do ye some good. Take off the chill and settle yer thoughts.”	“Why do you assume my thoughts are unsettled?” she asked.	He took a swallow from his cup. “Because sleep comes easily to those without weight on their minds.”	Ariana took a careful sip from her own cup, the way she’d seen men at the card tables drink. The liquid burned like sin down her throat and caught in her chest.	She gritted her teeth and swallowed hard several times to keep from sputtering.	Though she’d hoped to keep her reaction discreet, the grin on Connor’s face told her he saw through her guise.	“It’s good.” Her voice came out in a croak and Connor laughed. It was a warm, rich sound and she found it terribly pleasing.	His eyes crinkled. “Now that we’ve discovered yer love of whisky, why dinna ye tell me what’s got yer thoughts heavy?
Sam Shepard|I like big casts. The experience of working together, that human contact - those are my roots, professionally.
Ace Frehley|I do believe very strongly that all of us and all of the other things in the context of our planet with Mother Nature, all of these things absolutely have a profound effect.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Your ideas create your fate; you change your ideas, you change your fate!
Tim Kreider|We tend to make up [stories] in the same circumstances in which people come up with conspiracy theories: ignorance and powerlessness. And they share the same flawed premise as most conspiracy theories: that the world is way more well planned and organised that it really is. They ascribe a malevolent intentionality to what is more likely simple ineptitude or neglect. Most people are just too self-absorbed, well-meaning, and lazy to bother orchestrating Machiavellian plans to slight or insult us. It's more often a boring, complicated story of wrong assumptions, miscommunication, bad administration, and cover-ups - people trying, and mostly failing, to do the right thing, hurting each other not because that's their intention but because it's impossible to avoid.
Linda Ellerbee, Girl Reporter Stuck in Jam!|It's not just the cheerleading thing I have a problem with, it's the whole jock enchilada. I'm all for a good game of basketball in teh driveway or a killer bike ride. But when there's tackling and grunting involved-- no thanks.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Grover murmured, "Well, Percy, what have we learned today?"That three-headed dogs prefer red rubber balls over sticks?"No," Grover told me. "We've learned that your plans really, really bite!
Miguel Serrano, C.G. Jung and Hermann Hesse: A Book of Two Friendships|Words are really a mask,' he said. 'They rarely express the true meaning; in fact they tend to hide it. If you can live in fantasy, then you don't need religion, since with fantasy you can understand that after death, man is reincorporated in the Universe. Once again I will say that it is not important to know whether there is something beyond this life. What counts is having done the right sort of work; if that is right, then everything else will be all right. The Universe, or Nature, is for me what God is for others. It is wrong to think that Nature is the enemy of man, something to be conquered. Rather, we should look upon Nature as a mother, and should peaceably surrender ourselves to it. If we take that attitude, we will simply feel that we are returning to the Universe as all other things do, all animals and plants. We are all just infinitesimal parts of the Whole. It is absurd to rebel; we must deliver ourselves up to the great current....
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|After several stages of individualistic austerity the foundation is made for universalism. So this individualistic austerity should not be considered as illusion. From this Causal body so many forms of gods and goddesses like Shiva, Krishna, Kali can be seen. This has two aspects. One, by self-exertion and another is spontaneous.
Emile Coue|Those in possession of absolute power can not only prophesy and make their prophecies come true, but they can also lie and make their lies come true.
Liana Brooks, Convergence Point|I am not a thing. I am not your possession. I am a human being."- CBI Agent Sam Rose
Moshe Dayan|Be good, keep your feet dry, your eyes open, your heart at peace and your soul in the joy of Christ.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Mind is a forerunner of all actions.All deeds are led by mind, created by mind.If one speaks or acts with corrupt mind, suffering follows,As the wheel follows the hoof of an ox pulling a cart.Mind is the forerunner of all actions. All deeds are led by mind, created by mind.If one speaks or acts with a serene mind, happiness follows,As surely as one's shadow.'He abused me, he mistreated me, defeated me, robbed me.'Harboring such thoughts keeps hatred alive.'He abused me, he mistreated me, defeated me, robbed me.'Releasing such thoughts banishes hatred for all time.Animosity does not eradicate animosity.Only by loving kindness is animosity dissolved.This law is ancient and eternal.
Mehak Bhalla|Being Happy is important ,not the reason.
Peter Gould, Write Naked|Keep my word' is such a strange expression. At first glance, it just means 'Be true to what you agreed on. But it could also mean, 'Hold your words back.' Keep them in. Let your actions speak instead.
Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and Dhammapada|The name one gives is inessential.What's in a name? That which we call a rose, by other name would smell as sweet.
John D. MacDonald|Urbanization is not about simply increasing the number of urban residents or expanding the area of cities. More importantly, it's about a complete change from rural to urban style in terms of industry structure, employment, living environment and social security.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day.Aragorn, The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King
William James|Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. 
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|In art, either as creators or participators, we are helped to remember some of the glorious things we have forgotten, and some of the terrible things we were asked to endure...
Parker Posey|I guess I've been extremely keen on theatre, on getting on to the stage, taking on different roles, enacting vocations, personalities, people, situations, and I guess that's the interest that has driven me to work in movies.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|It appears that ordinary men take wives because possession is not possible without marriage, and that ordinary women accept husbands because marriage is not possible without possession
Malin Akerman|When I was a little kid, I wrote this play about all these characters living in a haunted house. There was a witch who lived there, and a mummy. When they were all hassling him, this guy who bought the house - I can't believe I remember this - he said to them, 'Who's paying the mortgage on this haunted house?' I thought that was really funny.
Paul Hawken|Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but of those who have already taken possession of their future.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Oh Lion in a peculiar guise,Sharp Roman road to Paradise,Come eat me up, I'll pay thy tollWith all my flesh, and keep my soul.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|One day you’re going to see her holding hands with someone who took your chance. She won’t even notice you because she’s too busy laughing with the stupid jokes he makes. And it will burn your heart seeing that beautiful smile on her face and realizing that you’re not the reason anymore. And then it will hit you: it was her, it was always her.
National Geographic Society|Words form the sinew and muscle that hold societies upright, he argued. Consider the Koran, the Bible, the American Constitution, but also letters from fathers to sons, last wills, blessings, curses. Thousands upon thousands of words infused with the full spectrum of emotions fill in the nooks and corners of human life.
Omar Epps|The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually.
Ellen DeGeneres, The Funny Thing Is...|Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.
Shya Kane, How to Create a Magical Relationship: The 3 Simple Ideas That Will Instantaneously Transform Your Love Life|To build a respectful, kind and loving relationship, begin by being respectful, kind and loving to yourself
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Be careful who you share your personal life with. If someone you confide shares secrets with you, that they were asked not to divulge, chances are your secret's already out there too. Everything is not for everybody.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|Fear can't hurt you. When it washes over you, give it no power. it's a snake with no venom.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I was giving up. I would have given up - if a voice hadn't made itself heard in my heart. The voice said "I will not die. I refuse it. I will make it through this nightmare. I will beat the odds, as great as they are. I have survived so far, miraculously. Now I will turn miracle into routine. The amazing will be seen everyday. I will put in all the hard work necessary. Yes, so long as God is with me, I will not die. Amen.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|Art is magic, and art is powerful. Art saves lives- I really believe that. It gives us courage and compassion we might not have on our own.
James Burke, Connections|Today, the people who make things change, the people who have that knowledge, are the scientists and the technologists, who are the true driving force of humanity. And before you say what about the Beethovens and the Michelangelos? Let me suggest something with which you may disagree violently: that at best, the products of human emotion, art, philosophy, politics, music, literature, are interpretations of the world, that tell you more about the guy who's talking, than about the world he's talking about. Second hand views of the world, made third hand by your interpretation of them.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Ten Commandments are just as valid today as they were when God gave them. They reflect the moral character of God, and they also provide the foundation of right living with others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Look within, find strength for thy soul.
Roger Scruton|A society no more exists for the satisfaction of human needs, than a plant exists for its own health.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|I crossed the yard, wherein the constellations looked down upon me, I could have thought, with wonder, the first creature of that sort that their unsleeping vigilance had yet disclosed to them; I stole through the corridors, a stranger in my own house; and coming to my room, I saw for the first time the appearance of Edward Hyde.
Shashi Tharoor|Religious wars are not caused by the fact that there is more than one religion, but by the spirit of intolerance... the spread of which can only be regarded as the total eclipse of human reason.
Roseanne Barr|Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself.
Kristen Henderson|By Harmony I came, harmony I bringand by harmony I goReligious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligion of Blue CircleSeptember 26, 2016
Cass R. Sunstein|The ultimate truth is that we are individuals who can choose to respect ourselves, and others, with or without regard to bloodline, wealth, tribe, or community.
Emanuelle Rivet| Rich people is people who only cares for themselves, and their money but, poor people doesn't care how much money they have because they have a big heart
Willard Van Orman Quine|Life is agid, life is fulgid. Life is what the least of us make most of us feel the least of us make the most of. Life is a burgeoning, a quickening of the dim primordial urge in the murky wastes of time.
Auliq Ice|People don't care what you name it, G. They like pie for what's on the inside.
Steven Erikson|Death cannot be struggled against, brother. It ever arrives, defiant of every hiding place, of every frantic attempt to escape. Death is every mortal's shadow, his true shadow, and time is its servant, spinning that shadow slowly round, until what stretched before one now stretched before him.
Kamand Kojouri|We grow old judging othersAnd ourselvesUntil life humbles usAnd makes scared children of usLonging to hold another’s handTo hear their kind words And witness their kind deeds done on our behalf.But like children,We sabotage everythingFor nothing satisfies usUntil life crumbles usAnd we are no more.
Stephen Richards|Understand that for better or worse, you create your own life.
Anthony Liccione|Is it possible that the reason you feel as if God doesn't see you or your problems or care about your stress is because you are focused on you, instead of God?
Plutarch, The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans, Vol 1|So long as he was personally present, [Alcibiades] had the perfect mastery of his political adversaries; calumny only succeeded in his absence.
C. Elizabeth, Absolute Obsession|Please do make your decisions in life and feel confident that they are right.However, if fate is involved, feel just as confident even if they aren’t.
Ze Frank|Bjorn was a different breed, I threw my best material at him, but he would never smile, but that added to the charm when he played me and Mac. We were going nuts and losing our mind and he was sitting back like he was on a Sunday stroll.
Bill Watterson, The Complete Calvin and Hobbes|Time does not really exist for mothers, with regard to their children. It does not matter greatly how old the child is-in the blink of an eye, a mother can see the child again as they were when they were born, when they learned how to walk, as they were at any age-at any time, even when the child is fully grown or a parent themselves.
Amah Lambert, Cracking the Stock Market Code: How to Make Money in Shares|Your money habits and investment strategy is not all about what you do, but much about who you are. Become the person it takes to do, succeed, and innovate.
Michael Denton, Evolution: A Theory In Crisis|Molecular biology has shown that even the simplest of all living systems on the earth today, bacterial cells, are exceedingly complex objects. Although the tiniest bacterial cells are incredibly small, weighing less than 10-12 gms, each is in effect a veritable micro-miniaturized factory containing thousands of exquisitely designed pieces of intricate molecular machinery, made up altogether of one hundred thousand million atoms, far more complicated than any machine built by man and absolutely without parallel in the nonliving world.
Jeff Erno, Dumb Jock|And this," cried Darcy, as he walked with quick steps across the room, "is your opinion of me! This is the estimation in which you hold me! I thank you for explaining it so fully.
Pablo Neruda|Momma was with the pony last night. Lily and me have him in the mornings, and we give him a wash with the shammy cloths and a soapy bucket so he's ready for Jade to look after him the next night. I think Momma must ride him too rough because he's always sweating and white-eyed when we get him, pulling tight at his rope and spreading his wide beige lips. He won't settle forever and ever, he just turns circles around the stake. Me and Lily get nervy watching him paw scoops out of the backyard soil.
Gift Gugu Mona|If you have hung yourself out to dry, it means that you are still wet behind the ears.
Assata Shakur, Assata: An Autobiography|Here is the node, you who hate change and fear revolution. Keep these two squatting men apart; make them hate, fear, suspect each other. Here is the anlage of the thing you fear. This is the zygote. For here 'I lost my land' is changed; a cell is split and from its splitting grows the thing you hate--'We lost *our* land.
Lewis Carroll|"Let us agree not to step on each other's feet " said the cock to the horse.
Paramahansa Yogananda|I've got my interests and my life experiences as I'm putting lyrics together. And if you start looking at patterns, you start thinking, 'Well, what am I really singing about here?' A lot of it seems to be a battle for some freedom against oppressive forces. That seems to be a theme in a lot of the albums I've done.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|No, I just mean … I’m not into … this.”“This?” Her scowl deepens and her teeth bare. “Alie
Jeremy Clarkson|It's funny how I use social media because I don't use it to promote my restaurants that much. I use it for social issues and I think that's what it's for. I do a few things - I mess around with music a lot because that's a passion of mine. If something strikes me and I want to share it, I do.
Sanober  Khan|Some days I don't know what is greater.My wisdom, or my stupidity.
Richard Wilbur|Writing poetry is talking to oneself; yet it is a mode of talking to oneself in which the self disappears; and the product's something that, though it may not be for everybody, is about everybody.
Mike Judge|I'd probably describe my sense of humor as 'twisted,' I guess. It's not hard to make me laugh, especially when I'm surrounded by my close friends, especially my bandmates.
Gary Hamel|It shows courage, and it shows commitment to move beyond the status-quo politics of rhetoric, which is all the Cuban-American community has received from any party for the last half century.
Philip K. Dick, The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick|Don't over edit. Don't second-guess yourself, or your ideas. Just write. Write every day, and keep at it. Don't get discouraged with the rejections. Tape them up on your office wall, to remind you of all the hard work you put in when you finally start getting published! It's all about persistence and passion. And have fun with it. Don't forget to have fun.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Fred Ruskin barreled through the rain down Buchanan Street in his battered Pacer, the jar his dead wife had directed him to retrieve from his nephew’s coffin bouncing in the seat beside him.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|They praised his modesty and did not listen to him, for listening is a rare gift, and men will have their heroes.
Charles Bukowski|Sweat, scalded meat, puke, blood, smoke and a dozen kinds of bad ale and wine: the bouquet of civilized nightlife
Rachel  Harris, You're Still the One|Are you okay?"	"Fan-fricking-tastic. Only way today could get better is if I were scheduled for an appendectomy. Without drugs. In a third-world country.
Jan Wong, Red China Blues: My Long March From Mao to Now|Living in China has made me appreciate my own country, with its tiny, ethnically diverse population of unassuming donut-eaters.
Katherine Boo|Be happy when people envy you, you are on the right path
Keysha Jade|Choose to put yourself first and make you a priority. It's not selfish, it's necessary.
Tilman J. Fertitta|During my administration, we've welcomed a broad and diverse group of industries to New Mexico, including high-tech and traditional manufacturing, health care, information technology and finance. Some are homegrown New Mexico companies; others are global leaders in their industries.
Karen DeCrow|If you love someone, you love someone. It doesn't matter; age, colour, c'mon!
Luggs, Jack the Ripper: The Long Arm of the Law|Do you know what I think?" Marcone said."You think we should shoot Nicodemus in the back at the first opportunity and let Michael dismember him.""Yes."I drew my gun. "Okay.
Roy Moore|My name is Linus, and I am your God.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.
White wind|I’m a feeler. I feel everything deep within my core. Even when I don’t want to. I don’t know where my emotions stop and my empathy begins. I feel from the tips of my toes to the follicles of my head. I feel with every fiber, every molecule, every tissue, marrow, muscle, and bone in my body. I feel.
E.B. White, Is Sex Necessary? or Why You Feel the Way You Do|I have seldom met an individual of literary tastes or propensities in whom the writing of love was not directly attributable to the love of writing.A person of this sort falls terribly in love, but in the end it turns out that he is more bemused by a sheet of white paper than a sheet of white bed linen. He would rather leap into print with his lady than leap into bed with her. (This first pleases the lady and then annoys her. She wants him to do both, and with virtually the same impulse.)
Zhuangzi|The greater the effort, the greater the glory.
Gary F. Marcus, Guitar Zero: The New Musician and the Science of Learning|Sometimes guitar riffs get repeated over and over ("vamping," in the lingo of musicians), but generally there is a soloist proving variation that runs above that background, lest the song sound monotonous. Philip Glass's minimalist compositions (such as the soundtrack to 'Koyaanisqatsi') deviate from much of the classical music that preceded them, with much less obvious movement than, say, the Romantic-era compositions that his work seems to rebel against, yet his works, too, consist not only of extensive repetition but also of constant (though subtle) variation. Virtually every song you've ever heard consists of exactly that: themes that recur over and over, overlaid with variations.
Saleem Durrani|We all can't be Rich, but we can be civilized human beings to each other.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I must serve the Great Master, God.
CrimethInc., Expect Resistance: A Field Manual|Form your own autonomous group, answering to no power but your own, and chase down freedom for yourselves, if your representatives will not do if for you- since they cannot do it for you.
Tika Sumpter|Without peace, all other dreams vanish and are reduced to ashes.
C. JoyBell C.|No more quickly can a person rob you of your joy and peace than when that individual succeeds at making you feel like you're less than worthy of God as compared to his/her own self. The old adage "You're on your way to hell, and I'm on my way to heaven" spoken or implied to another, is the most predominantly effective way to make someone feel better about himself; and he doesn't even have to prove he's better in this life on earth because now he can just say "Wait 'til I'm looking down at you while you're in hell!" But don't be robbed of your joy and peace, individuals or groups of people like that don't know where God is; He is a whisper-distance away from you, is all.
Rob R Morris|We underestimate the power of our own mind – for both good and bad. If we can learn to control our mindset and our responses to the adverse things in our lives, we can absolutely control our own destiny.
Dejan Stojanovic|Entering a cell, penetrating deep as a flying saucer to find a new galaxy would be an honorable task for a new scientist interested more in the inner state of the soul than in outer space.
Amit Kalantri|In the business always talk to decision makers only, it will save your time and will get you the deal.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|Perhaps it was a statement after all: I don’t want to die without knowing you. Do you feel the same way, Carol? She could have said the last question, but she could not have said all that went before it.
Sarah Warden, Immortal Earth|It was a little thing, a baby tree, but still it tangled with things around it and required care to move. And when she pulled it out, it's roots still clung to Earth from it's old home.
Melodie Ramone, Burning Down Rome|Hush now, ‘tis time to sleep and dream secrets of long ago.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|It’s a . . . transcendental act. Making life. . . . ‘By this act, I bring one death into the world.’ One birth, one death, and all the pain and acts of will between. . . . Our children change us . . . whether they live or not.
Kevin R. Stone|The spirit of the Olympic movement is great for young people because it teaches them about the training and discipline required to compete. Even if they don't make the teams, they can rededicate their lives to the art of sport, discipline, and physical fitness.
Joss Whedon|The times are chaotic. For me, I would hope that people look at [Angel] and gain strength by it. With everything that I do, I hope that they see people struggling to live decent, moral lives in a completely chaotic world. They see how hard it is, how often they fail, and how they get up and keep trying. That, to me, is the most important message I'm ever going to tell.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|I almost told her everything right then. I wanted to tell her about the Wolves, and how I was supposed to hate them, but when you spend your days with evil, some of it is bound to soak into your clothes, like cigar smoke in a closed room.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual,only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. If you can't lick 'em, join 'em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight, to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else.
Frank Butler|One Christmas I had no money, and so I went home and just, like, wrote a poem; I mean, I didn't write them, but I just handed out poems as Christmas presents. Like, 'Here's a Pablo Neruda poem that really made me think of you.'
George Best|I spent a lot of money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Edgar Allan Poe|I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|Am I making myself clear, Orrin? I don't regret how I've lived these past few years. I move where I will. I set no appointments. I guard no borders. What landbound king has the freedom of a ship's captain? The Sea of Brass provides. When I need haste, it gives me winds. When I need gold, it gives me galleons." Thieves prosper, thought Locke. The rich remember. He made his decision, and gripped the rail to avoid shaking."Only gods-damned fools die for lines drawn on maps," said Zamira. "But nobody can draw lines around my ship. If they try, all I need to do to slip away is set more sail.
Dr. Warren Shepell|Never develop any mysticism, about love; for love itself is a mystic thing that puts you in a mystic situation.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|It is impossible to forgive whoever has done us harm if that harm has lowered us. We have to think that it has not lowered us, but has revealed our true level.
Patty Murray|Ignorance of all things is an evil neither terrible nor excessive, nor yet the greatest of all; but great cleverness and much learning, if they be accompanied by a bad training, are a much greater misfortune.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|I know that the Kaiser incarnates all there is of brute force and of murder. And yet I would not, if I had the power, kill the Kaiser. I would do to him what Thomas Paine wanted to do to the king of England. He said, "Destroy the king, but save the man.
Pierce Minor, Twistir|Here was what I wanted to happen when I walked through the door after my first real date and my first ever kiss. I wanted my mom to say, “Dear God, Meg, you’re glowing. Sit and tell me about this boy. He let you borrow his jacket? That’s so adorable.” Instead, I came off the high of that day by writing a letter to my dead brother and doing yoga between my twin beds, trying to forget my absent mother.
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|All of us, together, are the unlovable, the unreformable. We, the people, who are deemed incapable of existing alongside society. But, we did just that in the forming of this guild. We have done more than simply build a place to sleep and eat and plan elaborate heists. We have found a place that we, at long last, belong. All of you remember how important that feeling was the first time you truly experienced it here… This guild is more than just an organization and a council and various members. To me, from the beginning, this guild has been a family. It is a place for people like us, the ones who had no place of their own. We made it ourselves, carved out a space in the world that we could call home.
Erykah Badu|I want to experience that massive adrenalin rush when you step into a new stadium, all the more so when that Olympic Stadium is packed full of people waving British flags.
John Burdett, Bangkok Tattoo|In the first movement, our infancy as a species, we felt no separation from the natural world around us. Trees, rocks, and plants surrounded us with a living presence as intimate and pulsing as our own bodies. In that primal intimacy, which anthropologists call "participation mystique," we were as one with our world as a child in the mother's womb.Then self-consciousness arose and gave us distance on our world. We needed that distance in order to make decisions and strategies, in order to measure, judge and to monitor our judgments. With the emergence of free-will, the fall out of the Garden of Eden, the second movement began -- the lonely and heroic journey of the ego. Nowadays, yearning to reclaim a sense of wholeness, some of us tend to disparage that movement of separation from nature, but it brought us great gains for which we can be grateful. The distanced and observing eye brought us tools of science, and a priceless view of the vast, orderly intricacy of our world. The recognition of our individuality brought us trial by jury and the Bill of Rights.Now, harvesting these gains, we are ready to return. The third movement begins. Having gained distance and sophistication of perception, we can turn and recognize who we have been all along. Now it can dawn on us: we are our world knowing itself. We can relinquish our separateness. We can come home again -- and participate in our world in a richer, more responsible and poignantly beautiful way than before, in our infancy.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|The Armenian language cannot be worn out; its boots are stone. Well, certainly, the thick-walled words, the layers of air in the semi-vowels.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain; but to his satisfaction he realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size, then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion.
Anagarika Govinda, Way of the White Clouds|The power of such a mountain is so great and yet so subtle that, without compulsion, people are drawn to it from near and far, as if by the force of some invisible magnet…this worshipful or religious attitude is not impressed by scientific facts, like figures of altitude, which are foremost in the mind of modern man. Nor is it motivated by the urge to ‘conquer’ the mountain.
Kim Jong-un|The women's movement in Korea is a Juche-oriented movement, which was pioneered by the great Comrade Kim Il Sung and which followed the proud road of development under the leadership of Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il.
David Neeleman|My mum is great for keeping hold of old classics - pieces of clothing that never age and never go out of fashion. She also says, 'Make sure you always smile - it makes everything look better!'
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The question under all this: How to get the idler to accept and engage the yearning? And that, my friends, is a deep and subtle question that will take a while to master, and the mastering of it will require redefining the presumption of what mastery even is. It is certainly not control. Mastery of anything is, more than anything else, the transformation of work into play. Giving orders and answers, never making mistakes, and having around you others with the opinion that you are great has nothing at all to do with it. Read carefully: to yearn for, to be compelled by, is being called to play.
Peter Zumthor|Half of architecture students are women, and you see respected, established female architects all the time.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Dr. Chanter, in his brilliant History of Human Thought in the Twentieth Century, has made the suggestion that only a very small proportion of people are capable of acquiring new ideas of political or social behaviour after they are twenty-five years old. On the other hand, few people become directive in these matters until they are between forty and fifty. Then they prevail for twenty years or more. The conduct of public affairs therefore is necessarily twenty years or more behind the living thought of the times. This is what Dr. Chanter calls the "delayedrealisation of ideas".In the less hurried past this had not been of any great importance, but in the violent crises of the Revolutionary Period it became a primary fact. It is evident now that whatever the emergency, however obvious the new problem before our species in the nineteen-twenties, it was necessary for the whole generation that had learned nothing and could learn nothing from the Great War and its sequelae, to die out before any rational handling of world affairs could even begin. The cream of the youth of the war years had been killed; a stratum of men already middle-aged remained in control, whose ideas had already set before the Great War. It was, says Chanter, an inescapable phase. The world of the Frightened Thirties and the Brigand Forties was under the dominion of a generation of unteachable, obstinately obstructive men, blinded men, miseducating, misleading the baffled younger people for completely superseded ends. If they could have had their way, they would have blinded the whole world for ever. But the blinding was inadequate, and by the Fifties all this generation and its teachings and traditions were passing away, like a smoke-screen blown aside.Before a few years had passed it was already incredible that in the twenties and thirties of the twentieth century the whole political life of the world was still running upon the idea of competitive sovereign empires and states. Men of quite outstanding intelligence were still planning and scheming for the "hegemony" of Britain or France or Germany or Japan; they were still moving their armies and navies and air forces and making their combinations and alliances upon the dissolving chess-board of terrestrial reality. Nothing happened as they had planned it; nothing worked out as they desired; but still with a stupefying inertia they persisted. They launched armies, they starved and massacred populations. They were like a veterinary surgeon who suddenly finds he is operating upon a human being, and with a sort of blind helplessness cuts and slashes more and more desperately, according to the best equestrian rules. The history of European diplomacy between 1914 and 1944 seems now so consistent a record of incredible insincerity that it stuns the modern mind. At the time it seemed rational behaviour. It did not seem insincere. The biographical material of the period -- and these governing-class people kept themselves in countenance very largely by writing and reading each other's biographies -- the collected letters, the collected speeches, the sapient observations of the leading figures make tedious reading, but they enable the intelligent student to realise the persistence of small-society values in that swiftly expanding scene.Those values had to die out. There was no other way of escaping from them, and so, slowly and horribly, that phase of the moribund sovereign states concluded.
Emile Durkheim|Religion has convinced us that there's something else entirely other than concerns about suffering. There's concerns about what God wants, there's concerns about what's going to happen in the afterlife.
Kathleen Kennedy|I used to write things for friends. There was this girl I had a crush on, and she had a teacher she didn't like at school. I had a real crush on her, so almost every day I would write her a little short story where she would kill him in a different way.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|I wish I had a parabatai," Emma said. "It's like someone who's your family, but because they want to be, not because they have to be.
Simone Troisi, Chiara Corbella Petrillo|Whoever thinks from a distance about his situation lives it with suffering; whoever is close to it lives it with consolation, the fruit of a true wisdom.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|What is lovely never dies, But passes into other loveliness.
Derek Raymond, He Died With His Eyes Open|...perhaps, when it got utterly dark, the peace of the darkness would become the same as light so that my last experience would become as mysterious and musical as my first, so that in my last darkness there might not be the same need of understanding anything so far away as the world anymore.
Pat Barker, Regeneration|The sky darkened, the air grew colder, but he didn't mind. It didn't occur to him to move. This was the right place. This was where he had wanted to be.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I hiked up a path and into the woods, thinking about what I should be thinking about and almost having a real feeling—a feeling like, this is really sad, this is a sad place to be, a sad part of my life, maybe just a sad life. The woods were not particularly beautiful. I was not impressed by the trees.
Dariush Youkhaneh|God knows the WHY , we only receiving the wisdom.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|You are not attracting the wrong people, you are simply accepting them. Saying ‘No’ frees you up so you can say ‘Yes’ when you truly want to.
Debasish Mridha|When in doubt, focus on your heart. It will show you your destiny.
Jay Pharoah|I was a bartender at a Pizzeria Uno's for nine years. The people I worked with were amazing, but it was quite possibly the most miserable time of my life.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Given the dark fears we feel when we experience loss, nothing is more generous and loving than the willingness to embrace grief in order to forgive. To be forgiven is to be loved.
Norman Sunshine, Double Life: The Story of a Fifty Year Marriage|About their wedding on a beach of Nantucket, after nearly 50 years together as a couple: "After years of being who we truly were only in the privacy of our homes or with a few friends, we were out in the world, under the sky, no longer pretending.” - Norman Sunshine, co-author, Double Life
Amelia Earhart|When love is not madness, it is not love.
Julia Roberts|We are bodies which think, and we're at home with steampunk because it is an ethos of design and creativity which acknowledges the humanly physical: that which we can understand with our fingers.
Rumi Antoinette|He was searching for something greater, if there is a thing greater than love, and he could not settle until he found it.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|...so individuals have their flesh cut and pulled, surgery companies proclaim it as an empowering choice, and the stifling cultural ideals about women's appearance are left unscathed
John Wilmot, Poems|Cupid and Bacchus my saints are,May drink and love still reign,With wine I wash away my cares,And then to cunt again.
Edgar Allan Poe|Truth, according to the Christian faith, is God's love for us in Jesus Christ. Therefore, truth is a relationship.
Bill Gates|The more you look into health and health inequalities, you realize that a lot of it is not due to a particular disease - it's really linked to underlying societal issues such as poverty, inequity, lack of access to safe drinking water and housing. And these are all the things we focus on at CARE.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|He pilfered a copy of Ulysses, but it was possibly the one book he did not finish. 'What's the point of it? I suspect it was a bit of a joke by Joyce. He just kept his mouth shut as people read into it more then there was. Pseudo-intellectuals love to drop the name Ulysses as their favorite book. I refused to be intellectually bullied into finishing it.
Douglas Copeland|If you're being bombarded with information, the act of looking for patterns – not necessarily finding them – is what going to give you psychic refuge, a sense of sanctuary.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|I cannot pinpoint a moment when I became politicized, when I knew that I would spend my life in the liberation struggle. To be an African in South Africa means that one is politicized from the moment of one's birth, whether one acknowledges it or not...His life is circumscribed by racist laws and regulations that cripple his growth, dim his potential, and stunt his life...I had no epiphany, no singular revelation, no moment of truth, but a steady accumulation of a thousand slights, a thousand indignities, a thousand unremembered moments, produced in me an anger, a rebelliousness, a desire to fight the system that imprisoned my people. There was no particular day on which I said, From henceforth I will devote myself to the liberation of my people; instead, I simply found myself doing so, and could not do otherwise.
Joe Campos|The simple act of praying and petitioning for prayers is in itself a blessing of God's grace and yet another step toward peace, forgiveness, healing, and salvation, regardless of the initial outcome of the prayer.
Antonin Scalia|The power of the human spirit inspires me. Movies, books, stories, people, anything that reminds us that we are more than just this physical body and our capacity for love and courage can bend reality.
Kishore Bansal|It was her, something about her- whenever she did something that felt like a raw invitation, he simply went mad in his effort to take up the gauntlet.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|Each loss brings growth with it, and learning to handle new experiences and taking charge of your needs is part of the transformative process.
Anthony Powell, The Valley of Bones|I was impressed for the ten thousandth time by the fact that literature illuminates life only for those to whom books are a necessity. Books are unconvertible assets, to be passed on only to those who possess them already.
William Lashner|I know that I'm going to die and that you're going to die. I can't do anything about that. But I can explore it through a metaphor and make a kind of funny, dark story about it, and in doing so, really exhaust and research as many aspects of it as I can imagine. And in a way, that does give me some closure.
Dmitry Dyatlov|I want to just go back to being the person I was before, but you can't stop being the person you've become. You just have to keep going forward.
Martha Graham|There is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost.
Wade Davis, The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World|We are molding Jesus into our image. He's beginning to look a lot like us because, after all, that is who we are most comfortable with. The danger now is when we gather in our church buildings to sing, and lift up our hands in worship, we may not actually be worshiping the Jesus of the Bible. Instead, we may be worshiping ourselves.
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|Living a life fully engaged and full of whimsy and the kind of things that love does is something most people plan to do, but along the way they just kind of forget. Their dreams become one of those "we'll go there next time" deferrals. The sad thing is, for many there is no "next time" because passing on the chance to cross over is an overall attitude toward life rather than a single decision.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|If you can't test it, it's not theorics -- it's metatheorics. A branch of philosophy. So, if you want to think of it this way, our test equipment is what defines the boundary separating theorics from philosophy.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|The basis of English law is as simple as this: If you would know the future’s shape, look to the past.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Killing Dance|You can't kill us all, human.' He was right. I raised the machine gun a little. 'True, but who's going to be first in line?
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|Nostalgia, more than anything, gives us the shudder of our own imperfection. This is why with Chopin we feel so little like gods.
Jayson Engay|This pool is a triumph of imagination. That's how you win at life, Gin. You have to imagine your way through. Never say something can't be done. There's always a solution, even if it's weird.
Stephen Jay Gould|God is an energy, rather than an anthropomorphic being, and God's language is biology. Red blood cells, the principle of magnetic attraction, neurological synapse: each is a miracle, and in each is the presence and flow of God.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Words are not static.Language shape our memories, and it is also shaped by our memories.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Events went on to show that it is not by chance that a prime minister reaches such lofty heights and that, as the infallible wisdom of nations has demonstrated time and time again, each country gets the government it deserves, although it must be said that while it is true to say that prime ministers, for good or ill, are not all the same, it is no less true to say, are all countries.
Lisa Murkowski|Vietnam should have taught us that nationalism, with its engines of independence and self-determination, is a more powerful force by far than Marxism and must be understood and respected.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you're frozen in time, nothing else really seems to matter.
Gwen Stefani|In 1977 we played America and Europe three times, and Japan - my marriage suffered as a result. My then wife took the kids to Canada to be near her parents.
Laura Staley|Sometimes life events break your heart. Even as you grieve, allow light to seep through the cracks, uplift, and illuminate a healing. Baby turtles emerge from the cracking of shells; new life can burst forth. Clear away all broken belongings as a metaphorical pathway fresh, loving experiences in uncharted waters.
Salena Godden|Needless to say, this fragile experiment began by taking for granted the ugly conquest of Amerindians and Mexicans, the exclusion of women, the subordination of European working-class men and the closeting of homosexuals. These realities made many of the words of the revolutionary Declaration of Independence ring a bit hollow. yet the enslavement of Africans -- over 20 percent of the population -- served as the linchpin of American democracy; that is, the much-heralded stability and continuity of American democracy was predicated upon black oppression and degradation. Without the presence of black people in America, European-Americans would not be "white -- they would be only Irish, Italians, Poles, Welsh, and others engaged in class, ethnic, and gender struggles over resources and identity.
Glenn Duncan|…breaking the heart of someone you still love is a rare horror, not funny to anyone, except perhaps Satan…and even his pleasure would be spoiled by not having had a hand in it, by the dumb, wasteful accident of the thing. The Devil wants meaning just like the rest of us.
Ria Banerjee|What was the point of scientific advance without moral advance? The railway would merely permit more people to move about, meet and be stupid together
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Quite possibly, this depressive illness was the familiar sort that grew from perfectionist expectations.
Terry Kaye, Dog Only Knows|The people knew then that Greg wasn't a monster, just a hungry animal.
Michael Braccia, Could it be That Way: Living with Autism|After his sisters were taken away, the Japanese occupying force sent my grandfather to Imperial Schools. My first language is Japanese, he tells me. English far away. Sometimes, right after he told me, I would look at him and wonder what it felt like, to have the print of your enemy all the way inside you, right into the way you shaped your thoughts.
Edmondo de Amicis, Coração|It is not the dream of what you're feeling laziness, if not, the sleep of exhaustion.
Toni Morrison, Love|A woman is an important somebody and sometimes you win the triple crown: good food, good sex, and good talk. Most men settle for any one, happy as a clam if they get two. But listen, let me tell you something. A good man is a good thing, but there is nothing in the world better than a good good woman. She can be your mother, your wife, your girlfriend, your sister, or somebody you work next to. Don’t matter. You find one, stay there. You see a scary one, make tracks.
Sara  Miles|He's the thrilling, scary Boyfriend who's going to dare you to do things you'd never dreamed of, shower you with unreasonable presents, and show up uninvited at the most embarrassing times. Then he's going to stick with you, refusing to take the hint when you don't answer his calls.
Selena|My heroes, I couldn't imagine them practicing. Like Bob Dylan, you know? Bob Dylan's a very, very good guitar player, but it's like he's trying to hide it. I always loved this attitude. When you're very good... it's like being an athlete - and I always hated sports!
Philip Yancey, Vanishing Grace: What Ever Happened to the Good News?|The essence of Christian faith has come to us in story form, the story of a God who will go to any lengths to get his family back. The Bible tells of flawed people -- people just like me -- who make shockingly bad choices and yet still find themselves pursued by God. As they receive grace and forgiveness, naturally they want to give it to others, and a thread of hope and transformation weaves its way throughout the Bible's accounts.
Gerald Jampolsky|Do not say  "It is morning " and dismiss it with a name of yesterday. See it for the first time as a newborn child that has no name.
RKSJ, A Short Affair Called Life|Love is always a miracle, everywhere,every time. But for us, it's a little different. I don't want to say it's more miraculous...Our miracle is different because people say it's impossible.
Fela Durotoye|Focus isn't about hammering one nail all our lives.It’s about hammering lots of nails, one way, all our lives.
Wayne Chirisa|If the tenacity of flowing water weakens the structure of a solid rock, what more; if the ordinary visionaries become just as tenacious.
Abhik Chatterjee, Genesis|She slapped him. Hard. "Tell me!" she screamed, "TELL ME!"."The truth is...I am a liar," Jack said quietly. "Don't be one with me," she sobbed, "it hurts." "The lies or the truth?" he asked.
Lionel Suggs|It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so,it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that gaurds the door,and this dragon is religion
Andre Malraux|The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When you love somebody you justify negative sides of this person, but if you are disappointed in your love yo lose every chance to do it
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to shine, sit before a lamp; if you want to shine brighter, sit before a fire; but if you want to shine the brightest, sit before a sage.
Ash Gray, Project Mothership|We lived longer but at a price. We had to be our own children, having none.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|He nodded toward the sub. "This is going to be a blow-off day."I dragged my mind away from magical intrigue. After being homeschooled for most of my life, some parts of the "normal" school world was a mystery. "What does that mean, exactly.""Usually teacher leave subs a lesson plan, telling them what to do. I saw Ms. Terwilliger left. It said, 'Distract them.
Douglas Wilson|I gave the couple a hint of a design that would work great with the bones of their home. They weren't ready for it, and they embarrassed themselves and that's too bad.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|How could death not be appealing, when the only thing that gave him comfort in life was being unconscious?
Amit Kalantri|People never forget two things, their first love and the money they wasted watching a bad movie.
Rick Strassman, Inner Paths to Outer Space: Journeys to Alien Worlds through Psychedelics & Other Spiritual Technologies|As I accepted my death and dissolution into God's love, the insectoids began feeding on my heart, devouring the feelings of love and surrender. They were interested in emotion. As I was holding on to my last thought - that God is love - they asked, "Even here? Even here?
Amit Kalantri|An Eskimo custom offers an angry person release by walking the emotion out of his or her system in a straight line across the landscape; the point at which the anger is conquered is marked with a stick, bearing witness to the strength or length of the rage.
Ludwig von Mises|When the vision of the U.S. government included guarding the rights of people but staying out of their way, America was an economic engine more powerful than anything the world had ever witnessed.
Kartik Mehta|Development means a capacity for self-sustaining growth. It means that an economy must register advances which in turn will promote further progress. The loss of industry and skill in Africa was extremely small, if we measure it from the viewpoint of modern scientific achievements or even by the standards of England in the late eighteenth century. However, it must be borne in mind that to be held back at one stage means that it is impossible to go on to a further stage. When a person is forced to leave school after only two years of primary school education, it is no reflection on him that he is academically and intellectually less developed than someone who had the opportunity to be schooled right through to university level. What Africa experienced in the early centuries of trade was precisely a loss of development opportunity, and this is of greatest importance. Pg. 105
C. JoyBell C.|I have a vision. In this vision, I see men not being distrustful of women and I see women not being distrustful of men. I see a world wherein people don’t say, “I want to win, I want to control, I want to make him/her...” when talking about a potential lover. I see men believing in women and women believing in men, believing in each others’ dreams and ambitions. And I have another vision. In this vision, I see women looking at other women with eyes of love and men looking at other men with eyes of acceptance. In these two visions, I see all people looking at all other people and remembering that we are all children on the inside. We all don't want to be hurt, we all don’t want to be left behind and we all want to know where home is.
John Astin|Our dreams drench us in sense, and sense steeps us again in dreams.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|It is a commonplace of all religious thought, even the most primitive, that the man seeking visions and insight must go apart from his fellows and love for a time in the wilderness.
Lao Tzu|When your time comes to die, be not like those whose hearts are filled with fear of death, so that when their time comes they weep and pray for a little more time to live their lives over again in a different way. Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home.
Jasper Fforde|Geothermal energy should be a priority in a ever increasing warmer planet. It is kind of like cooking a chicken from the outside. Eventually, the underlying parts get well done.
Penn Jillette|When in doubt, wear a suit. Look at male politicians: you see them in a suit, and they look fine. But if you see a picture of them on the weekend or on vacation, there's a good chance they look terrible and unstylish.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|This total surrender to 'the love of Christ' is the only thing that will bear fruit in your life. And it will always leave the mark of God's holiness and His power, never drawing attention to your personal holiness.
Albert J. LaChance, The Third Covenant: The Transmission of Consciousness in the Work of Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Thomas Berry, and Albert J. LaChance|...there is a saying used in twelve-step programs and in most treatment centers that "Relapse is part of recovery." It's another dangerous slogan that is based on a myth, and it only gives people permission to relapse because that think that when they do, they are on the road to recovery.
Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry|It is with this movement, with the passage and dissolution of impressions, images, sensations, that analysis leaves off—that continual vanishing away, that strange, perpetual weaving and unweaving of ourselves.
Amit Kalantri|If people are jealous of you, it means you are worth something.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|Outside is like a house, under house understand it like hell there isn't any order... I still aks my self how people like Monk survive out there??
Tony Horwitz, One for the Road: An Outback Adventure|I am an agnostic on most matters of faith, but on the subject of maps I have always been a true believer. It is on the map, therefore it is, and I am.
Ezra Pound|Properly, we should read for power. Man reading should be man intensely alive. The book should be a ball of light in one's hand.
Danabelle Gutierrez, I Long To Be The River|In dealing with many words and different cultures every day, I have come to realize that the essence of life can be reduced to the magic of three sentences, in the order of their strength: “I apologize”, “I love you”, “Hi”. The use and the meaning you replenish them with become the mirror of yourself, eventually of an entire humanity. (Soar)
Madhuri Dixit|An ugly sight, a man who is afraid.
Elizabeth Heiter, SWAT Secret Admirer|I don’t do gentle, Mara,” he felt compelled to warn even as he worked his way down from her lips, over her chin, to the tender spot where her neck met her shoulder. He scraped his teeth over the frantic beat of her pulse and reveled in the delicate shudder that shook her body. “So if that’s how you think this is going to go, back out now.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|He kisses me hard, tells me between frenzied kisses, `You feel so good, beautiful, beautiful, sweet girl. Feel how much I want you.' He circles his hips against mine. `I want you like this all the fucking time.
John duover, Rites|People can never identify with you until they see a future in you".
Jason Mraz|My father could be very witty, even if the humor was always on the darker side of irony.
Dennis Prager, Happiness Is a Serious Problem: A Human Nature Repair Manual|I often wonder if I am entitled to be as happy as I am, given the amount of suffering in the world.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The 2 extremes, neither one worse than the other: the result of bad religion is self-loathing and violence; the result of bad spirituality is self-worship and narcissism.
Charlotte Kasl|Farsi Couplet:Naala-e zanjeer-e Majnun arghanoon-e aashiqanastZauq-e aan andaza-e gosh-e ulul-albaab neestEnglish Translation:The creaking of the chain of Majnun is the orchestra of the lovers,To appreciate its music is quite beyond the ears of the wise.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Integrity means that if our private life was suddenly exposed, we’d have no reason to be ashamed or embarrassed. Integrity means our outward life is consistent with our inner convictions.
Jeff Leake, God in Motion|The purpose of four incarnative existence is the evolution of the soul. It is to learn, grow and become master of our own life.
Clare Bohning, The Fleetwood Skies|P. 294 He said quietly, “Just whisper it.”I’d have to answer him and if not now, eventually. The truth wouldremain the truth whether I ignored it or not...Should I surrender to whatever this future would bring? I cringedinwardly. When had reality seemed so unreal? After several moments,I gave up and whispered, “You’re . . . T-R-I-T-O-N,the Triton.”I couldn’t say anything else, it seemed irreverent. He didn’t deny it, hedidn’t laugh, or scoff or make excuses...
Homer|Our constitution works. Our great republic is a government of laws, not of men.
L.R.W. Lee|Fear of being wrong paralyzes people. Get over it! If you're wrong, invent a new narrative and move on." - L. R. W. Lee
Christopher Hill, The World Turned Upside Down: Radical Ideas During the English Revolution|In reality, though, the first thing to ask of history is that it should pointout to us the paths of liberty. The great lesson to draw from revolutions isnot that they devour humanity but rather that tyranny never fails to generatethem.
Natalie Angier, Woman: An Intimate Geography|Perhaps eggs are like neurons, which also are not replenished in adulthood: they know too much. Eggs must plan the party. Sperm need only to show up- wearing top hat and tails, of course. 
James Redfield, The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision|Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
Andrew Bernstein|Here is the tragedy of theology in its distilled essence: The employment of high-powered human intellect, of genius, of profoundly rigorous logical deduction—studying nothing. In the Middle Ages, the great minds capable of transforming the world did not study the world; and so, for most of a millennium, as human beings screamed in agony—decaying from starvation, eaten by leprosy and plague, dying in droves in their twenties—the men of the mind, who could have provided their earthly salvation, abandoned them for otherworldly fantasies.
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|If the Universe came to an end every time there was some uncertainty about what had happened in it, it would never have got beyond the first picosecond. And many of course don't. It's like a human body, you see. A few cuts and bruises here and there don't hurt it. Not even major surgery if it's done properly. Paradoxes are just the scar tissue. Time and space heal themselves up around them and people simply remember a version of events which makes as much sense as they require it to make.
Catherine Jane Fisher, I am Catherine Jane: The True Story of One Woman's Quest for Justice|It takes courage to stand up for yourself. I stand in honor, and no longer in fear of speaking out.
Paul Russell, The Unreal Life of Sergey Nabokov|Fifteen and on the brink, that’s what Mum says about me. On the brink. Like it’s the continental shelf or something. On the brink of what? I want to yell. A rich and meaningful life? Disaster?
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Abstractions do us much harm by impelling us to the quest of the absolute in all things. Joy does not exist, but there are joys: and these joys may not be folly felt unless they are detached from neutral or even painful conditions. The idea of continuity is almost self-negating. Nature makes no leaps; but life makes only bounds. It is measured by our heartbeats & these may be counted. That there should be, amid the number of deep pulsations that scan the line of our existence, some grievous ones, does not permit the affirmation that life is therefore evil. Moreover, neither a continuous joy would be perceived by consciousness.
Alan Cohen|Start focusing your attention on the people that God puts you with, even if they hate you, even if they persecute you and speak bad things about you. Work with them and pray for them!
Anthony T. Hincks|If I have to mourn for only ONE person,Then I choose EVERYONE.
Lisa McKnight|Are you still running that bar?” Maureen’s voice dropped to a shocked whisper on the last word and Hope rolled her eyes, working the pick through Maureen’s thick hair.“The Cue Club? Yes, ma’am, I am.” Angel leaned forward with her best devilish wink. “But I’m thinking of changing the name to the Den of Iniquity and getting some exotic dancers. You know, strippers.”Miss Maureen’s eyes widened, pencil-thin brows nearly reaching the salt and pepper curls falling onto her forehead.
L.M. Montgomery|Long ago, before I had ever seen a diamond, I read about them and I tried to imagine what they would be like ... When I saw a real diamond in a lady's ring one day I was so disappointed I cried. Of course, it was very lovely but it wasn't my idea of a diamond.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|With all foreign travel, you learn as much about where you're from as what you're visiting.
Debasish Mridha|Imagine, dream, act, discover and wonder. Everyday is a new day to love and wonder.
Jack Kemp|Mercedes does beautiful work, absolutely.
Julia Serano, Excluded: Making Feminist and Queer Movements More Inclusive|Sexism occurs when we assume that some people are less valid or natural than others because of their sex, gender, or sexuality; it occurs when we project our own expectations and assumptions about sex, gender, and sexuality onto other people, and police their behaviors accordingly; it occurs when we reduce another person to their sex, gender, or sexuality rather than seeing them as a whole, legitimate person. That is sexism. And a person is a legitimate feminist when they have made a commitment to challenging sexist double standards wherever and whenever they arise. An individual's personal style, mannerisms, identity, consensual sexual partners, and live choices simply shouldn't factor into it.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Try more strategy and less force. Passion never wins any game, never mind what they say.” He said something similar now: “Excuses don’t win a game. You should try strategy.
Bob Moawad|You can't make footprints in the sand of time if you're sitting on your butt, and who wants to make buttprints in the sand of time?
Daniel Delgado F.|Plain speaking is necessary in any discussion of religion, for if the freethinker attacks the religious dogmas with hesitation, the orthodox believer assumes that it is with regret that the freethinker would remove the crutch that supports the orthodox. And all religious beliefs are 'crutches' hindering the free locomotive efforts of an advancing humanity. There are no problems related to human progress and happiness in this age which any theology can solve, and which the teachings of freethought cannot do better and without the aid of encumbrances.
Mary Lou Quinlan, The God Box|My mother knew when to listen and when to pray and when to help. I wonder hoy many people knew the compassion Mary Finlayson held for them and how hard, in the privacy of her God Box, she prayed for them and their struggles.
Anthony T. Hincks|The moral of the tale is, don't live for the approval of others. The real you is here to find out the secret of life, not t satisfy someone else's opinion.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Remember, sex is never a thing you just had. Sex is the intercourse, the merging or convergence, of who the two of you are—your spirits merging. People ask, “How was it for you?” The reply is often, “It was great.” But is this really the right question and answer? Instead, personalize your question and ask, “How are you?” Respond with depth. Gaze into each other’s eyes and speak your truth: “I’m over the moon,” or “I love you,” or “I melted and I’m just coming back into myself.
Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, Meditations|For the nearer everything is unto unpassionateness, the nearer it is unto power. And as grief doth proceed from weakness, so doth anger. For both, both he that is angry and grieveth, have received a wound, and cowardly have as it were yielded themselves unto their affections... For it was ordained unto holiness and godliness, which specially consist in an humble submission to God and His providence in all things; as well as unto justice: these also being part of those duties, which as naturally sociable, we are bound unto; and with without which we cannot happily converse one with another: yea and the very ground and fountain indeed of all just actions.
Princess Diana|Marriage is something that needs to be worked on every day. I don't know if I'm the one to give marital advice since I've only been married for a little over a year, but marriage is certainly easier if you are open, trusting and loving.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I cried for a while, taking solace in the comforting lie of his embrace. The illusion, the fantasy, it helped. I never wanted to leave. I wanted to stay here forever, held tight to his chest, his fingers stroking my hair, his heart beating against my ear: you’re-safe, trust-me, love-you. Love. Did I want him to love me? Yes. I wanted someone to love me. And what was love if not someone risking their lives to save you? Caleb had saved me. Did it mean he loved me? A part of me wanted to think so. To believe in a romantic ideal that didn’t exist. I wanted to believe the lie. But more than that – I wanted it not to be a lie
John Holt|By now I have come to feel that the fact of being a ‘child’, of being wholly subservient and dependent, of being seen by older people as a mixture of expensive nuisance, slave and super-pet, does most young people more harm than good
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|To be popular one must be a mediocrity.""Not with Women," said the duchess, shaking her head; "and women rule the world. I assure you we can't bear mediocrities. We women, as someone says, love with our ears, just as you men love with your eyes, if you ever love at all.""It seems to me that we never do anything else," murmered Dorian.
Lori Benton, A Flight of Arrows|Why did you tell me all this?""So if I die, you'd know not to come looking for me when you get to heaven.
Peter Ackroyd|My children have been all over the world, and I think it's so good for them: expanding their horizons and imagination and seeing how other people live.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|With love you could persuade a Pathan to go to Hell, but by force you couldn't even take him to Heaven.
Dorothy Allison|Women lose their lives not knowing they can do something different..." from Two or Three Things i Know For Sure
Carla H. Krueger|Writing is a solitary existence, especially if you forget to chat to your friends – sorry, I meant characters.
Jenny Lewis|When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there.
Alison Owen|I'm happy to stick with my persona. There are themes of love lost and love regained, but the main themes of all poems are basically love and death, and that seems to be the message of poetry.
Bobby Adair, Zero Day|Hatred is like a tow-edged sword. When you cut the other person, you cut yourself.
Tayari Jones, Silver Sparrow|Love, love, love, love is all you can do, even in the face of bitterness, pain, anger, confusion, it's the only thing to keep you steady and stop you biting back.
Margaret Thatcher|A woman should be like a single flower, not a whole bouquet.
John R. Stilgoe, Outside Lies Magic: Regaining History and Awareness in Everyday Places|I wonder if more students would do better in elementary and high school if teachers taught more about individual exploration of subjects and less about sliding smoothly along observational ruts. Exploration is a liberal art, because it is an art that liberates, that frees, that opens away from narrowness. And it is fun.
Janet Reno|Trust is a big word for me. Loyalty and trust, for me, are everything. It's the core of what I'm about and what the people around me hopefully are about. It's a certain thing that gives you a sense of security. It's the biggest factor in everything I do.
Nagarjuna|Anger and hate against one we love steels our hearts, but contempt or pity leaves us silent and ashamed.
Melissa De Sousa|These songs are old friends I have entertained myself with when I'm washing the dishes, driving to the store and walking down the aisles. The ones that you sing when you're driving in the car and as a singer you always go back to them.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu forges friendships in a way I’ve never known. Being involved in an art as intimate as this, where bodily connection is a must, the common cultural boundaries of personal space are broken. You will never see more hugs, high fives, and physical expressions of love than on the mats. Ultimately, this proves to be one of the most fulfilling aspects of our pursuit of mastery. Along the way, we learn to love others as we love ourselves.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|It takes just one wave to capsize a boat, and one more to take it down.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, if your going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind.
Vincent Nichols|I think good things are happening to me and will continue. I am not optimistic about the rest of the species, but I'm so blessed, it's almost scary. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I have a wildly sunny disposition. I love to laugh.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|She wasn't about to go down that road herself, which was a testament to her spiritual awakening and her commitment to sanity. It was a real blessing that she didn't follow me, because oftentimes, people go out together and one comes back and the other doesn't. Or both of them never do.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you do not want others to laugh at your inherited god and faith, then, do not follow a hateful and stupid, a man-made sod and ism, mate.
Robert H. Justman|It is important to continue working toward creating the archetype of the self-rescuing princess, empowering girls through depictions of women in STEM.
Rachel Platten|I was never a pretty girl, so I wasn't the one to get the boy. I used to cast myself as a good sport. Sometimes I wonder if I do that too much with roles I play, because if I'm absolutely truthful, I quite like being the best friend, or the supporting role, and actually I ought to gear-change and make myself the leading role.
Paul Bloom, Against Empathy: The Case for Rational Compassion|Moral deliberation has to be somewhere in the brain, after all. It’s not going to be in the foot or the stomach, and it’s certainly not going to reside in some mysterious immaterial realm. So who cares about precisely where?
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|No matter what tight corner I was in, I was capable of getting myself out of it … not God!
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|For what religion has never had sects? Rest assured, Extremism is always the derrière.
Victoria Estrada|Regrets will eat a man up. My pa told me that. Said you should always try to make your peace when you can, 'cause no man knows what the Lord has in store for us tomorrow.
Julie Burchill|I would have been very happy just working from job to job, paying my rent one movie at a time. I never wanted to be this famous. I never imagined this life for myself.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|One error, in fact, of eccentricity in poetry is to seek for new human emotions to express; and in this search for novelty in the wrong place it discovers the perverse. The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
George Orwell, 1984|It was possible, no doubt, to imagine a society in which wealth, in the sense of personal possessions and luxuries, should be evenly distributed, while power remained in the hands of a small privileged caste. But in practice such a society could not long remain stable. For if leisure and security were enjoyed by all alike, the great mass of human beings who are normally stupefied by poverty would become literate and would learn to think for themselves; and when once they had done this, they would sooner or later realise that the privileged minority had no function, and they would sweep it away. In the long run, a hierarchical society was only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance.
Max Baucus|Every time you go out there to do something, you wonder if you can do it. There's no assured success. There's no secret recipe for success. Every time you go out there, you go out there with the possibility of great failure.
Pablo Picasso|Everyone wants to understand art. Why not try to understand the song of a bird? Why does one love the night, flowers, everything around one, without trying to understand them? But in the case of a painting people have to understand. If only they would realize above all that an artist works of necessity, that he himself is only a trifling bit of the world, and that no more importance should be attached to him than to plenty of other things which please us in the world, though we can't explain them. People who try to explain pictures are usually barking up the wrong tree.
Amy Tan, The Valley of Amazement|Food keeps us alive, as we all know. Nourishment allows us to grow and be healthy. But good cooking takes us beyond survival and into the realms of culture and pleasure.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|TIME WENT ON, life with the children unfolding in its own ecosystem, small plastic toys seeming to grow up from the carpet like mushrooms, clothes falling to the floor like autumn leaves. Every once in a while she would blaze through the house and clean everything--at which point, the process would start all over.
Donald L. Hicks|The bad end unhappily; the good, unluckily. That is what tragedy means.
A.W. Tozer|She gives me the finger and turns back around. "Did you see that?" I flinch at the gesture. "That is completely illegal in here.
Deyth Banger|If I saw my father's dead, great grand mother's dead and many other people's dead... So I can see and your's dead, I just see the planet without you. I just feel it, taste it, - it hurts me from this but this is the truth.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No sane person resists the smell of the soil when sprinkled with water,Especially the smell of the intercourse between earth and rain.
Georgette Heyer, The Nonesuch|RUMOUR:"Upon my tongues continual slanders ride,The which in every language I pronounce,Stuffing the ears of men with false reports.
Pedro Calderon de la Barca|Everyone, when there's war in the air, learns to live in a new element: falsehood.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every Nigerian must begin to raise their voice against our societal failures and call them as such at every juncture. In this way we could all bring about a modern, progressive and civilized society.
Shobhaa Dé, Superstar India: From Incredible to Unstoppable|Even as I took a long, hard look at some of the obvious downsides (Q: 'What are the three things keeping India down? A: Corruption, corruption and corruption.'), I still felt the upsides (Q: 'What is so fantastic about the India story? A: People, people and people.') tilted the scales in our favor.
Martha Stewart|Sometimes in the world, there's such pressure to follow a certain path that we forget the importance of learning as we go.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The letter said that they were two feet high, and green, and shaped like plumber's friends. Their suction cups were on the ground, and their shafts, which were extremely flexible, usually pointed to the sky. At the top of each shaft was a little hand with a green eye in its palm. The creatures were friendly, and they could see in four dimensions. They pitied Earthlings for being able to see only three. They had many wonderful things to teach Earthlings, especially about time. Billy promised to tell what some of those wonderful things were in his next letter.Billy was working on his second letter when the first letter was published. The second letter started out like this:The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will exist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just that way we can look at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent all the moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever.When a Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a bad condition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of other moments. Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say what the Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is "so it goes.
Petra Remes|God is the creator, so for that human creativity is a work of Divine.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, A Few Figs from Thistles|Still must the poet as of old,In barren attic bleak and cold,Starve, freeze, and fashion verses toSuch things as flowers and song and you;Still as of old his being giveIn Beauty's name, while she may live,Beauty that may not die as longAs there are flowers and you and song.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers|It is more important that we listen to others than to always be speaking, for in that way we learn what there is to know. We should be easy to talk to, and grateful for new information.
Elizabeth Gilbert|A great day in New York would be to wake up, get a cup of coffee and head up to Central Park for a nice walk. Then I'd go down to the East Village and stroll around. After that, maybe I'd go check out a museum or catch an indie film at the Angelika.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Destruction makes people go away so,if you hide inside destruction,you're safe
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|You may remember that on earth—though of course we never confessed it—the death of anyone we knew, even those we liked best, was always mingled with a certain satisfaction at being finally done with them.
Elizabeth Eiler|Anthropomorphism originally meant the attribution of human characteristics to God. It is curious that the word is now used almost exclusively to ascribe human characteristics--such as fidelity or altruism or pride, or emotions such as love, embarrassment, or sadness--to the nonhuman animal. One is guilty of anthropomorphism, though it is no longer a sacrilegious word. It is a derogatory, dismissive one that connotes a sort of rampant sentimentality. It’s just another word in the arsenal of the many words used to attack the animal rights movement.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|All over the world, there are so many magazine articles and books telling women what to do, how to be and not to be, in order to attract or please these men. There are far fewer guides for men about pleasing women.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|And everything I thought I knew - you made me trade it all for you...but, frankly, you're not worth it.
Sonia Rumzi|Is my paranoia getting completely out of hand, or are you mongoloids really talking about me?
Rush|Though we might have precious littleIt's still preciousI like that song about this wonderful worldIt's got a sunny point of viewAnd sometimes I feel it's trueAt least for a few of usI like that world, it makes a wonderful songBut there's a darker point of viewBut sadly just as trueFor so many among usThough we might have precious littleIt's still preciousIn the sweetest child there's a vicious streakIn the strongest man there's a child so weakIn the whole wide world there's no magic placeSo you might as well rise put on your bravest faceI like that show where they solve all the murdersAn heroic point of viewIt's got justice and vengeance tooAt least so the story goesI like that story, makes a satisfying caseBut there's a messy point of viewThat's sadly just as trueFor so many among usIn softest voice there's an acid tongueIn the oldest eyes there's a soul so youngIn the shakiest will there's a core of steelOn the smoothest ride there's a squeaky wheelThough we might have precious littleIt's still precious
Martha Beck|I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|You know, Hobbes, some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help.
David C. Pollock, Third Culture Kids: Growing Up Among Worlds|In a servant leadership culture we learn by choice or example that if we want to be great, we have to serve others respectfully.
Dean Wareham|Set politics and party aside: If it's not right for Michigan's small businesses and middle class, it's never been right with me.
Larry the Cable Guy|I love sitcoms, and I grew up on sitcoms. That's my tasty junk food.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have a dream, I have a vision, I have a mission, I have to do something, I will do this at this time; the thoughts of everybody; how do I deal with that obstacle? how do I get there? ; troubling questions for everybody! Releasing ourselves, plugging into the purpose, challenging the challenges, questioning the unquestionable, taking the chances; the asset and audacity of somebody. Everybody has a dream but, it is somebody who gets to the dream.
bell hooks|The men in my life have always been the folks who are wary of using the word 'love' lightly. They are wary because they believe women make too much of love. And they know that what we think love means is not always what they believe it means. Our confusion about what we mean when we use the word 'love' is the source of our difficulty in loving. If our society had a commonly held understanding of the meaning of love, the act of loving would not be so mystifying.
Ralph Marston|Social media is something of a double-edged sword. At its best, social media offers unprecedented opportunities for marginalized people to speak and bring much needed attention to the issues they face. At its worst, social media also offers 'everyone' an unprecedented opportunity to share in collective outrage without reflection.
Amy Lee Peine|So often our power lies not in ourselves, but in how we help others find their own strength.
Cassandra Clare, Saving Raphael Santiago|O God, I love you to the edge of madness, Venetia, but I'm not mad yet--not so mad that I don't know how disastrous it might be to you--to us both! You don't realize what an advantage I should be taking of your innocence!
Elizabeth Sharp, Natural Selection|Know me, Amber. I am Amelia Hoffman, and that," I said emphatically, gesturing towards them, "is my family. And if you or anyone does anything to harm them, I will turn the wrath of the Earth Mother on you. I will turn this entire town into a desert waste if I have to, but I will protect my family. If that makes us enemies, then I will weep for you when you are dead.
Gabriel García Márquez, Memories of My Melancholy Whores|You really are a chameleon, aren't you? Fitting in wherever you go."Aren't we all?" she said...
Nikki Rowe|You know a wild spirit just by looking at them, they carry a vibe that doesn't appear often but when it does my god you won't forget them. They are always passing through lives, never staying put, but always remembered long after they have left. These souls are kindred spirits, they connect deeply or not at all.
Lionel Shriver, Selfish, Shallow, and Self-Absorbed: Sixteen Writers on The Decision Not To Have Kids|Reading time is precious. Don't waste it. Reading bad books, or books that are wrong for a certain time in your life, can dangerously put you off the activity altogether.
Sue Ziang, Young Mind Young Body: Transformational Approach to Rejuvenating Youth and Vitality|It is important to be aware, who you are now than who you are going to be.?
Candace Knoebel, The Taste Of Her Words|Oh, what am I going to do with this life I have been given." I said to myself as I sat and thought about life, and how screwed up mine really was. I was brought back into reality by Colin’s answer.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|Without the Mind, there is no God. Without you, there is no God.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|The supernatural Christ of the New Testament, the god of orthodox Christianity, is dead. But priestcraft lives and conjures up the ghost of this dead god to frighten and enslave the masses of mankind. The name of Christ has caused more persecutions, wars, and miseries than any other name has caused. The darkest wrongs are still inspired by it. The wails of anguish that went up from Kishinev, Odessa, and Bialystok still vibrate in our ears.
Maria de Villota|I stayed true to my dreams and, eventually, they came true.
Ann Charles, Optical Delusions in Deadwood|Violet Lynn Parker, you’d better spill or I’ll start bellowing ‘Happy Birthday’ to you in my Bobcat Goldthwait voice.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Love is everything a person desires for in his life, but love is not in getting love, but giving the most love you have to others
Neha Yazmin, Someone Like You|JAMIE'S SONG 'Million Years/Billion Deaths':Every beat of my heart says,‘Who’d wanna be a heart?’Every cell in my body,Wants to split apart.Though I know I have to be strong.And I’m sure I won’t have to wait long.But when each day lasts forever,And when every night lasts much longer,Tell me how am I supposed to go on?But if each moment with you,Lasts as long as these lonely nights do,Then I’d wait a million years for you.Yes, I’ll wait a million years for you.And I’ll die a billion deaths to get to you.To get to you…Every breath I take whispers,‘Who’d wanna be in love?’Every vein in my body,Has bled dry, my love.Though I know I have to be strong.And I’m sure I won’t have to wait long.But when each day lasts forever,And when every night lasts much longer,Tell me how am I supposed to go on?But if each moment with you,Lasts as long as these lonely nights do,Then I’d wait a million years for you.Yes, I’ll wait a million years for you.And I’ll die a billion deaths to get to you.To get to you…
Shlomo Sand, The Invention of the Jewish People|Memorization has gotten a bad rap recently. Lots of students, and even some educators, say that being able to reason is more important than knowing facts; and besides, why bother committing things to memory when you've got Google? My response to this - after I've finished inwardly groaning - is that of course reasoning is important, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't know facts as well. It's not like you have to choose between one or the other. Besides, facts give you a foundation on which to reason about things.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|Overcooked, flabby pasta or a blob of tomato ketchup was enough to incense Frank; a plate of soggy pasta in Matteo’s Italian restaurant in Los Angeles, owned by his childhood buddy, Matty Jordan, had Frank storming into the kitchens. He looked around wildly, “Where are all the Italians?” he roared at the startled Filipino kitchen staff. Not content, he shot back upstairs and threw his plate of pasta against the wall. As he walked out, he dipped his finger in the tomato sauce and signed the smear: Picasso (Matty very good-naturedly put a frame around this later).
Jonathan Safran Foer|The Kerguelen Islands in the southern Indian Ocean are a six-day boat ride from Madagascar, and their only inhabitants are French scientists.
Jerome Lawrence, Inherit the Wind|Oh, don't go on like that!" cried the poor Queen, wringing her hands in despair. "Consider what a great girl you are. Consider what a long way you've come today. Consider what o'clock it is. Consider anything, only don't cry!"Alice could not help laughing at this, even in the midst of her tears. "Can you keep from crying by considering things?" she asked."That's that way it's done," the Queen said with great decision: "nobody can do two things at once, you know.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|...it happens that "society is saved" as often as the circle of its ruling class is narrowed, as often as a more exclusive interest asserts itself over the general. Every demand for the most simple bourgeois financial reform, for the most ordinary liberalism, for the most commonplace republicanism, for the flattest democracy is forthwith punished as an "assault upon society" and is branded as "Socialism.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|They say it came first from Africa, carried in the screams of the enslaved; that it was the death bane of the Thainos, uttered just as one world perished and another began; that it was a demon drawn into Creation through the nightmare door that was cracked open in the Antilles. Fukú Americanus, or more colloquially, fukú-generally a curse or a doom of some kind; specifically the Curse and Doom of the New World.
Abhijit Naskar|Every living creature on this planet, has a conscious subjective perspective of the world. The plants may seem to us as standing indifferent to the human sufferings, but even they have their own unique mental universe. They have their own way of interacting with the environment.
Mary Elizabeth Summer, Trust Me, I'm Lying|If you didn't have me to rake you over the coals now and then, there wouldn't be any fire in your life at all.
Rand Paul|I believe that in the historic and religious nature, marriage is between a man and a woman.
Henry David Thoreau|Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing.
Sarah Strohmeyer, The Sleeping Beauty Proposal|Without risk, we are automatons going through our days with no purpose or meaning. We are safer, perhaps, but we are also, ironically, closer to death.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|When you love someone, you don't have a choice. Love takes your choices away.- Clary Fray
Nilesh Rathod, Destiny of Shattered Dreams|Later, Xander said, "It's not about you, you know. What Mimi hates is how her life has turned out. It isn't how she thought it would be back when she was your age and on the top of the world.
Juliette Lewis|That's one of my pet peeves. People always want to put something into a category - this one or that one. You know, a great song is a great song.
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|Many of us do not believe that it is truly possible to see the whole world in the same way as we travel and see, say, Italy or Spain. However, if we pretend for a moment that there are no borders separating one country from another, if we actually realize that these borders are nothing but imaginary lines drawn on maps and in historians’ heads, we may easily come to view our planet as one country, one destination – as the moon or Mars were when we first set out to explore them.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|The most racking pangs succeeded: a grinding in the bones, deadly nausea, and a horror of the spirit that cannot be exceeded at the hour of birth or death. Then these agonies began swiftly to subside, and I came to myself as if out of a great sickness. There was something strange in my sensations, something indescribably sweet. I felt younger, lighter, happier in body; within I was conscious of a heady recklessness, a current of disordered sensual images running like a millrace in my fancy, a solution of the bonds of obligation, an unknown but innocent freedom of the soul. I knew myself, at the first breath of this new life, to be more wicked, tenfold more wicked, sold a slave to my original evil and the thought, in that moment, braced and delighted me like wine.
David Gray|Slowly the truth is loadingI'm weighted down with loveSnow lying deep and evenStrung out and dreaming ofNight falling on the cityQuite something to beholdDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing worldWe're threading hope like fireDown through the desperate bloodDown through the trailing wireInto the leafless woodNight falling on the cityQuite something to beholdDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing worldThis disappearing worldI'll be sticking right there with itI'll be by your sideSailing like a silver bulletHit 'em 'tween the eyesThrough the smoke and rising waterCross the great divideBaby till it all feels rightNight falling on the citySparkling red and goldDon't it just look so prettyThis disappearing world"~David Gray
Robert Browning|Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|What's the point of changing who you are in order to impress a woman, when your intention is to return to who you were, a person she was never attracted to in the first place?
Germany Kent|Points of views that are expressed on Twitter don’t intend to offend, but rather defend and open the conversation up to everyone so that no one has to pretend.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you look at the picture of a beautiful bird eating a little fish, you will see two victims there: Fish is already a victim; but the bird is also a victim because to survive, it has to be a killer; it is forced to be a murderer!
Danny Meyer|I really don't like the gym. I like experiences, so I take any chance I get to go on a bicycle or on a hike.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|But thing in the past are like plate that’s shattered to pieces. You can never put it back together like it was, right?
Andrew Carnegie|I'm glad I was born when I was. My time was the golden age of variety. If I were starting out again now, maybe things would happen for me, but it certainly would not be on a variety show with 28 musicians, 12 dancers, two major guest stars, 50 costumes a week by Bob Mackie. The networks just wouldn't spend the money today.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|How long the path may be depends for any man on where he stands today and his speed of travel. These are his past and present choosing, but the beginning of the way is here and now, and karma and rebirth are the means of treading it.
Peter Dinklage|As a high school dropout, I understand the value of education: A second chance at obtaining my high school diploma through the G.I. Bill led me to attend college and law school and allowed me the opportunity to serve in Congress.
Steve Maraboli|In 1948, psychologists asked more than 10,000 adolescents whether they considered themselves to be a very important person. At that point, 12 percent said yes. The same question was asked in 2003, and this time it wasn’t 12 percent who considered themselves very important, it was 80 percent.
Liao Yiwu, The Corpse Walker: Real Life Stories, China from the Bottom Up|When I was up there, stranded by myself, did I think I was going to die? Yes. Absolutely, and that’s what you need to know going in because it’s going to happen to you. This is space. It does not cooperate. At some point everything is going to go south on you. Everything is going to go south and you’re going to say 'This is it. This is how I end.' Now you can either accept that or you can get to work. That’s all it is. You just begin. You do the math, you solve one problem. Then you solve the next one, and then the next and if you solve enough problems you get to come home.
Becky   Andrews, The Forgotten Night|I don’t think of it that way. Besides, it’s only temporary. Once Dad sees that—That what? That the idiot who kidnapped you, stole you again, and made you an accomplice to a bunch of criminals, still calls you his? Something tells me that you being on the honor roll ain’t gonna change him wanting to string me up.
Linda Winfree, Fall Into Me|I stood my ground, staring straight into his eyes. "You didn't do anything to me. Since when is sex so life or death to you?" -Abby Abernathy"Since it was with you!" -Travis Maddox
Ta-Nehisi Coates|What the flamingo teaches a child, at that subliminal level where animal encounters work, is that gravity is not just a limitation, but also a possible partner in an intriguing, potentially joyful game.
Marty Rubin|The examined life: nothing is more futile or counterproductive. The active, joyous, spontaneous life: that is what one should aim for.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Along the field as we came byA year ago, my love and I,The aspen over stile and stoneWas talking to itself alone.'Oh who are these that kiss and pass?A country lover and his lass;Two lovers looking to be wed;And time shall put them both to bed,But she shall lie with earth above,And he beside another love.'And sure enough beneath the treeThere walks another love with me, And overhead the aspen heavesIts rainy-sounding silver leaves;And I spell nothing in their stir,But now perhaps they speak to her,And plain for her to understandThey talk about a time at handWhen I shall sleep with clover clad,And she beside another lad.
Margaret Sanger|The truth was always out there, you just had to find it.
Mehek Bassi|Dreams aren't only an illusion to put you into a subconsciously pleasurable state of mind for the time being, but also a pathway to gain complete contentment.
Deyth Banger|To Make Something Good, You Must first Make it Bad
Kemi Sogunle|But down these mean streets a man must go who is not himself mean, who is neither tarnished nor afraid.
Courtney Giardina, Tear Stained Beaches|. I felt the sun graze my face as I sped further and further from it all. The only negative part about running was that at some point I knew I’d have to stop. I’d have to turn around and go back. And whatever troubles had haunted me when I left, would be waiting upon my return.
Scott Stabile|I was still water, held by my surroundings.I am now a river, carving my own path.
meamabhishek (Abhishek Mishra)|College is not important, Knowledge is
Beck|We were raised with that discussion about violence and non-violence, and we all pretty much came up on the side of non-violence. That became my foundation with politics and my livelihood.
Edward I. Koch|I love Israel, I go back all the time. I just love New York a little more. My workers are Arabs, my best friend is a black man from Alabama, my girlfriend's a Puerto Rican, and my landlord is a half-Jew bastard. You know what I did this morning? I read in the paper yesterday that the circus is setting up in the Madison Square Garden, they said the elephants would be walking through the Holland Tunnel at dawn. I'm a photographer a little too, you know? So I get up at five o'clock, bike over to the tunnel, and wait. It turns out the paper got it wrong, they came through the Lincoln, but still, you know? This is a hell of a place.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Man will always waste time if there is no system to check and compel him to invest his time. But if you must be great, you must learn to check and compel yourself to invest time.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|Everything in life is one way or another created by thoughts, ideas. The thoughts can be chaotic and wild and create a lot of pain and trouble, or they can be organized to the last minute detail and make something beautiful and perfect. Your life has its structure. It is composed of things that are happening in it. All those events are reflections of your intentions. Things and occurrences are shaped according to your thoughts. Is there some confusion in your life? There is likely confusion in your mind. Are you experiencing joy, peace and beauty? Well, then the same are your wishes.
John Waters, Role Models|Our assholes will be clean but we must never wash our hands. Our immune systems will be strengthened by our being dirty. Not filthy. Just mildly grimy. Filthy fingernails have always been a favorite fashion accessory of mine. Especially when you place your hands in the prayer positions. Matter of fact, I urge all my followers to forgo nail polish permanently and replace it with expertly applied soot. The nonexistent gods above will ignore our prayers better this way.
Christina Engela, Blachart|Above all things, dragons are loyal. Perhaps that is what makes us to amenable to life with sticks. Our characters are larger than their shortfalls.
John Schmidt|Like Garth Brooks said about it, you need to live where you could honestly choose, if you had to, on whether to give up one yesterday for one more tomorrow, you have to be able to say no to that.
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|Every time his lips meet mine, my whole body begins a slow tingle that starts from within my chest, and spreads like a wildfire.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|I heard in my own voice the tulmult of a young man playig a role, uneasily, repackaging black R&B music from America, relying on gimmicky outfits, and pretending to be wild & free when in reality he needed to be looked after by his mother.
Iggy Pop, I Need More|I've probably been spit on more that any person alive outside of, I would say, a member of the prison system.
Kate Skylark, Daddy's Wicked Parties: The Most Shocking True Story of Child Abuse Ever Told|Everybody hurts, sometimes.
Alan W. Watts|No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Ron White|When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice.
Debasish Mridha|In the wilderness of lifeHappiness is looking for youIn the jungles of dreams and desires,In the beauty of shrubs and flowers,In the span of sadness and kindness. In the deepness of hearts and minds.
Nelson Mandela|I'm a big advocate of freedom: freedom of speech, freedom of expression, freedom of thought.
Fritjof Capra, The Hidden Connections: A Science for Sustainable Living|The phenomenon of emergence takes place at critical points of instability that arise from fluctuations in the environment, amplified by feedback loops.
Charles de Lint, The Onion Girl|The faerie represent the beauty we don't see, or even choose to ignore. That's why I'll paint them in junkyards, or fluttering around a sleeping wino. No place or person is immune to spirit. Look hard enough, and everything has a story. Everybody is important."- Jilly Coppercorn
Linda Gask, The Other Side of Silence: A Psychiatrist's Memoir of Depression|Yet, I believe that my experience of depression has helped me to be a more humane and understanding therapist. Psychiatrists get depressed too, more often than other doctors. Being an expert in depression doesn't confer any immunity from it and I am aware that I don't have all the answers.
Beverley Nichols|... the cattleyas especially (these being, with chrysanthemums, her favourite flowers), because they had the supreme merit of not looking in the least like other flowers, but of being made, apparently, out of scraps of silk or satin.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|When I was three years old and in my mother's arms, she looked down at me and said, "Son, the way I'm taking care of you now, when you get old, always have a woman to take care of you like this." Dig this! All I'm goin' do is rest and dress, buy gasoline and lean. I'm goin' buy diamond rings and have the best of everything. I'm goin' pimp whores.
James Chadwick|It will reward enough for me if, by the publication of the present experiment, I have directed the attention of investigators to this subject, which still promises much for physical optics and appears to open a new field.
George Saunders|Youth is the time of getting, middle age of improving, and old age of spending.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no greater beast than envy, no greater thief than fear, no greater enemy than greed, no greater predator than wrath, and no greater poison than bitterness.
Stephen Richards, Born to Fight: The True Story of Richy Crazy Horse Horsley|At first, we both miss a few sharp bursts of wild punches and then, BANG! I catch him with a full swing left hook and he goes down like a ferret down a hole after a rabbit. When that punch landed, I broke my hand, again, and simultaneously broke his jaw. I wonder if that is an entry into the Guinness Book of records?
Amy Sargent Swank, Seven Birds|This is the part they don’t tell you about in the movies. Or in On the Road. This is not rock ’n’ roll. You are not William Burroughs, and it doesn’t make a damn bit of difference if Kurt Cobain was slumped over in an alleyway in Seattle the day Bleach came out. There is no junkie chic. This is not Soho and you are not Sid Vicious. You are not a drugstore cowboy and you are not spotting trains. You are not a part of anything—no underground sect, no counter-culture movement, no music scene, nothing. You have just been released from jail and are walking down Mission Street, alternating between taking a hit off a cigarette and puking, looking for coins on the ground so you can catch a bus as you shit yourself.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|When you spend so long trapped in darkness, you find that the darkness begins to stare back.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|You are not Dostoevsky,' said the woman...'You never can tell...' he answered.'Dostoevsky is dead,' the woman said, a bit uncertainly.'I protest!' he said with heat, 'Dostoevsky is immortal!
Roberta Pearce, A Bird Without Wings|. . . I suppose one starts out, as a child, being romantic and dreaming of adventure. Poetic. Then reality comes along, and with it, a whole lot of prose.
James A. Michener|So I just went over and sat with him. Not a biggie. I wish people would stop trying to turn it into something more. He's just a kid. The weirdest-looking kid I've ever seen, yes. But just a kid.
Freeman Dyson|There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.
Joelle Charbonneau, Need|1408 Film by Stephen King freak me out, the story also freak me out. But watching the film how is made, how much reverses were shown just terrified me. The ending was suprising!
Iris Apfel|In the morning, my alarm clock is a chorus of lemurs yelling!
Thomas Stockman|What light is to the outer physical world intellect is to the inner world of consciousness. For intellect is related to the will, and thus also to the organism which is nothing other than will regarded objectively, in the approximate same way as light is to a combustible body and the oxygen in combination with which it ignites.
Lucas Till|But I honestly don't read critics. My dad reads absolutely everything ever written about me. He calls me up to read ecstatic reviews, but I always insist that I can't hear them. If you give value to the good reviews, you have to give value to the criticism.
Jo Grafford, Viking For Hire|Lord help her, but she was instantly drawn to his scent - a mixture of smoke and salt and mystery - as well as his strength. The pulse of his heart, the hum of blood through his veins, the aura of power and danger surrounding him.
Eskay Teel, Alice in Worcestershire: Brummie girls do cry|Now India is a place beyond all others where one must not take things too seriously - the mid-day sun always excepted. Too much work and too much energy kill a man as effectively as too much assorted vice or too much drink. Flirtation does not matter, because every one is being transferred, and either you or she leave the station and never return. Good work does not matter, because a man is judged by his worst output, and another man takes all the credit of his best as a rule. Bad work does not matter, because other men do worse, and incompetents hang on longer in India than anywhere else. Amusements do not matter, because you must repeat them as soon as you have accomplished them once, and most amusements only mean trying to win another person's money. Sickness does not matter, because it's all in the day's work, and if you die, another man takes over your place and your office in the eight hours between your death and burial. Nothing matters except Home-furlough and acting allowances, and these only because they are scarce. It is a slack country, where all men work with imperfect instruments, and the wisest thing is to escape as soon as you ever can to some place where amusement is amusement and a reputation worth the having.
Hugh Mackay|In the Brown decision, the United States Supreme Court unanimously struck down the legal and moral footing of racially segregated public education in this country.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Remember, changing someone’s hang-ups is an easier task if stays in the realm of sex because the carrot at the end of this trip is—SEX! It’s not so easy to change other aspects of a man’s personality because the rewards aren’t as apparent and you can’t exactly screw the stupid out of someone.
Sunday Adelaja|Some say we are not like humans but we are more like them than we are different. Man and animals are in the same species as mammals as they have mammary glands that produce the milk to nurse their young. Their lungs breathe air and their blood is warm. They are vertebrates in that their skeletal system and well-designed spines hold their bodies together. Each cell is made of molecules, each molecule is made of atoms, and each atom is made of protons, neutrons and mostly electrons, which are made of waves of fibered light.
D.J. MacHale|You think that because I am unwanted, because I am neglected and-and discarded-" My voice inches higher with every word, the unrestrained emotions suddenly screaming through my lungs. "You think I don't have a heart? You think I don't feel? You think that because I can inflict pain, that I should? You're just like everyone else. You think I'm a monster just like everyone else. You don't understand me at all.
Ignatius  Fernandez|The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and will to carry on." Walter Lippmann.
Abraham Cowley, The Poems of Abraham Cowley|A mighty pain to love it is,And 't is a pain that pain to miss;But of all pains, the greatest painIt is to love, but love in vain.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|So then, let "Deserved" be written on the door of hell, but on the door of Heaven and life, "The free gift" (68).
Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science|Both [P. T.] Barnum and H. L. Mencken are said to have made the depressing observation that no one ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the American public. The remark has worldwide application. But the lack is not in intelligence, which is in plentiful supply; rather, the scarce commodity is systematic training in critical thinking.
Stephen L. Carter, Back Channel|The best is always worth waiting for. And once you taste it, no other taste will do.
Joseph Campbell, Myths to Live By|Without the energy that lifts mountains, how am I to live?
Zeena Schreck, Beatdom #11: The Nature Issue|The world is not fair, and often fools, cowards, liars and the selfish hide in high places. (p 57)
Paul Ryan|And to this day, my Mom is my role model.
Eric Schiffer, Emotionally Charged Learning: Secrets to Competitive Advantages for the Second Half of the Knowledge/Entertainment-Based Economy|I believe the devil exists in those little, seemingly unnoticeable moments when we choose to value our own insecurities over the service of others.
Kat Howard, Roses and Rot|That doesn't mean that I would destroy those works, or that I'm not proud of having come out the other side. Our past art makes our present art as much as our past life makes us who we are now. In the end, if the art stands up, that's what matters.
Fatima Siad|Ultimately, I want to be a good person and spread happiness through my acting. If I don't forget to be appreciative and thankful, then that would be the most important thing that I'll ever achieve.
Margaret Heffernan|A blank wall of social and professional antagonism faces the woman physician that forms a situation of singular and painful loneliness, leaving her without support, respect or professional counsel.
Christina Hart|Love is, not putting you through hell. That is no basis for a loving relationship
Markham Shaw Pyle|Christmas ribbons decked every crystal ball knocker on every sparkling door as far as the eye could see. Through the snowy streets of the Veiled Village, Echoes and Sounds rushed to and fro, their shimmering clothes looking like pouring rain or ice or waves. Before them multi-colored parcels fluttered like strange birds carried on small see-through wings, and every once in a while two parcels would collide and rain down gifts.
Gilly Macmillan, What She Knew|In the eyes of others, we're often not who we imagine ourselves to be.
Angie karan|My reality isn't as gracious as it use to be, so I create things that are.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, Sheridaniana: Or, Anecdotes of the Life of Richard Brinsley Sheridan|The right honorable gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests, and to his imagination for his facts.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Country music was the most segregated kind of music in America, where even whites played jazz and even blacks sang in the opera. Something like country music was what lynch mobs must have enjoyed while stringing up their black victims. Country music was not necessarily lynching music, but no other music could be imagined as lynching’s accompaniment. Beethoven’s Ninth was the opus for Nazis, concentration camp commanders, and possibly President Truman as he contemplated atomizing Hiroshima, classical music the refined score for the high-minded extermination of brutish hordes. Country music was set to the more humble beat of the red-blooded, bloodthirsty American heartland.
Matthew Henry|But while the story [of the Bible] is simple, it is also deep. There is always more to learn, to discover, and to enrich our understanding of who God is and what he is doing in the world. We study the Bible in depth in order to teach its story in all its richness. Greek is one tool of many that give us access to the richness of the Bible. Without it, our teaching may be sound, but it may also lack depth. In other words: Keep your Greek for the sake of others.
Lassie Benton (pseudonym of Elizabeth Appell)|And the day came when the risk to remain closed in a bud became more painful that the risk it took to blossom. [likely not Anaïs Nin; look under "Disputed quotes" on the Wikiquote page for her]
William Wilberforce|We have different forms assigned to us in the school of life, different gifts imparted. All is not attractive that is good. Iron is useful, though it does not sparkle like the diamond. Gold has not the fragrance of a flower. So different persons have various modes of excellence, and we must have an eye to all.
Andre Leon Talley|My mother studied English and drama at the University of Pennsylvania, where my father studied architecture. She was a great influence in all sorts of ways, a wicked wit.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Female competition is when you are with a guy you like and you look around, see a girl who is prettier than you standing nearby, and think to yourself: "I wish she wasn't here." -This is what happens when you attach your identity and sense of worth to the amount of male attention you receive.
Lenore Wolfe|For every woman, there is that one man who could get her to go anywhere he wanted her to go, do anything he wanted her to do—reach into her soul and turn her whole world on its ear—challenge everything she thought she believed. Highlighted by 24 Kindle users
David S. Goyer|My science teachers always encouraged their classes to 'go out and discover something' because all scientific endeavors depend on observation and experimentation. Through such pursuits, anyone can find something new to science, and if it's truly novel, the entire edifice of science might have to be restructured.
J.A. ANUM|I tasted danger on his lips and became an addict.A slave to adrenaline and irrational behaviour.We lived recklessly in a dramatic whirl;Clubbing and Cutting,Drinking and Driving,Fighting and Fucking,Smoking and Snorting,Overdoing and Overdosing. I tasted danger on his lips and lost my way.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Earlier in [2007] the [Prime Minister's Office] had also drawn criticism for trying to muzzle the judiciary. The reproach came from Antonio Lamer, the former chief justice of the Supreme Court....'I must say I was taken aback,' said Lamer, who sat on the Supreme Court for twenty years. 'The prime minister is going the wrong route as regards the independence of the judiciary. He's trying to interfere with the sentencing process.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The earlier years - the ones I've just been telling you about - they tend to blur into each other as a kind of golden time, and when I think about them at all, even the not-so-great things, I can't help feeling a sort of glow.
Edwin Lutyens|The pilot is the wedding, and the series is the relationship.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Rationality: From AI to Zombies|So the next time you doubt the strangeness of the future, remember how you were born in a hunter-gatherer tribe ten thousand years ago, when no one knew of Science at all. Remember how you were shocked, to the depths of your being, when Science explained the great and terrible sacred mysteries that you once revered so highly. Remember how you once believed that you could fly by eating the right mushrooms, and then you accepted with disappointment that you would never fly, and then you flew. Remember how you had always thought that slavery was right and proper, and then you changed your mind. Don't imagine how you could have predicted the change, for that is amnesia. Remember that, in fact, you did not guess. Remember how, century after century, the world changed in ways you did not guess.Maybe then you will be less shocked by what happens next.
Hermann Hesse, Peter Camenzind|The diabolical thing about melancholy is not that it makes you ill but that it makes you conceited and shortsighted; yes almost arrogant. You lapse into bad taste, thinking of yourself as Heine's Atlas, whose shoulders support all the world's puzzles and agonies, as if thousands, lost in the same maze, did not endure the same agonies.
Theodor Schwann, Mikroskopische Untersuchungen Uber Die Ubereinstimmung in Der Struktur Und Dem Wachstum Der Tiere Und Pflanzen|The extracellular genesis of cells in animals seemed to me, ever since the publication of the cell theory [of Schwann], just as unlikely as the spontaneous generation of organisms. These doubts produced my observations on the multiplication of blood cells by division in bird and mammalian embryos and on the division of muscle bundles in frog larvae. Since then I have continued these observations in frog larvae, where it is possible to follow the history of tissues back to segmentation.
Finn Mackay|Quickly I find another surprise. The boys are wilder writers — less careful of convention, more willing to leap into the new. I start watching the dozens of vaguely familiar girls, who seem to have shaved off all distinguishing characteristics. They are so careful. Careful about their appearance, what they say and how they say it, how they sit, what they write. Even in the five-minute free writes, they are less willing to go out from where they are — to go out there, where you have to go, to write. They are reluctant to show me rough work, imperfect work, anything I might criticize; they are very careful to write down my instructions word by word.They’re all trying themselves on day by day, hour by hour, I know — already making choices that will last too unfairly long. I’m surprised to find, after a few days, how invigorating it all is. I pace and plead for reaction, for ideas, for words, and gradually we all relax a little and we make progress. The boys crouch in their too-small desks, giant feet sticking out, and the girls perch on the edge, alert like little groundhogs listening for the patter of coyote feet. I begin to like them a lot.Then the outlines come in. I am startled at the preoccupation with romance and family in many of these imaginary futures. But the distinction between boys and girls is perfectly, painfully stereotypical. The boys also imagine adventure, crime, inventions, drama. One expects war with China, several get rich and lose it all, one invents a time warp, another resurrects Jesus, another is shot by a robber. Their outlines are heavy on action, light on response. A freshman: “I grow populerity and for the rest of my life I’m a million air.” [sic] A sophomore boy in his middle age: “Amazingly, my first attempt at movie-making won all the year’s Oscars. So did the next two. And my band was a HUGE success. It only followed that I run the country.”Among the girls, in all the dozens and dozens of girls, the preoccupation with marriage and children is almost everything. They are entirely reaction, marked by caution. One after the other writes of falling in love, getting married, having children and giving up — giving up careers, travel, college, sports, private hopes, to save the marriage, take care of the children. The outlines seem to describe with remarkable precision the quietly desperate and disappointed lives many women live today.
Dada Bhagwan|When you walk around with a long face in the house, that is called conflict.
Lysa TerKeurst, The Best Yes: Making Wise Decisions in the Midst of Endless Demands|These were all simple acts of obedience I missed. But not missed because I was unaware. They were missed because I was busy—caught in the rush of endless demands. And the rush makes us rebellious. I knew what to do and blatantly ignored it.Ignoring God's leading doesn't seem like such a big deal in these cases. In the grand scheme of the world, how big a thing is it that I didn't pick up that cup? After all, how can I be sure it was really God?I think a better question would be, How can I be sure it wasn't God?
Georges St-Pierre|We don't know all the answers. If we knew all the answers we'd be bored, wouldn't we? We keep looking, searching, trying to get more knowledge.
Rumiko Takahashi|There is evil hidden in everyone, mine came out left me bleeding and hurts people around me.
Scott Adams, God's Debris: A Thought Experiment|You’ll tell yourself anything you have to, to pretend that you’re still the one in control.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|He seized me as boldly as a tiger captures his prey. There was no escape. And I didn't want to. I would have happily died in his clutches. I was his, and he made sure I knew it. My heart burst with a thousand beautiful blooms, all tiger lilies. And I knew with a certainty more powerful than anything I'd ever felt before that we belonged together.He finally lifted his head and murmured against my lips, "It's about bloody time, woman.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Lui continua a scusarsi e a elencarmi la sua lista di problemi, senza rendersi conto che il vero problema non sono la scuola o gli amici o chissà. Il problema sono i ricordi. Nessuno di noi due parla di lei da anni ormai, perché fa sempre male ricordare. Ma io mi domando : fa più male ricordare o fingere di non ricordare?
Antoni Gaudí|Nothing is invented, for it's written in nature first.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|A leader is criticised for whatever he does as all his actions benefit some and adversely affect others. When other people commit the same mistake, they can be forgiven or ignored, but never a leader, for his actions affect a large number of people.
Elizabeth Reyes, Always Been Mine|Angel clicked on a few more pictures on the screen, and Alex made small talk about the place. Then he finally walked away. He stopped just before walking out.“Did Valerie say anything else to Sarah?”Angel glanced back at him. “About what?”“You know about that guy she’s seeing.”Angel turned his attention back to the computer. “No, not really.”Alex frowned. He wasn’t one of those guys, so he wasn’t about to keep asking. If Angel knew anything, he’d tell him. He’d just have to wait until the rehearsal dinner.He started back out when Angel spoke up. “I’m not sure, because she didn’t actually tell me, but I overheard Sarah on the phone last night. It sounded like Valerie was telling her about him.” “Yeah, what did you hear?”Angel looked up trying to remember. Something seemed to come to him but he hesitated. “I don’t think you wanna hear it, Alex. I know I wouldn’t.”Alex squeezed the doorway with his hand. What the hell could he have heard? “Tell me.” Angel shook his head and looked back at the monitor. “Only reason I caught my attentions was because I overheard Sarah ask her something about wearing lingerie.”Alex felt the hair on the back of his neck rise and his gut tightened. He banged his fist against the doorway. He didn’t need to hear any more. Angel had been right that’s the last thing he needed right now. He charged back out of the office, infuriated with himself. Why the fuck had he asked?
Sam Brownback|I find that the Amazon comments often are exceptionally shrewd and insightful, so I'm not going to diss them. But you don't really have any guarantees that what you're reading wasn't written out of friendship or spite.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|For God's sake, let's take the word 'possess' and put a brick round its neck and drown it ... We can't possess one another. We can only give and hazard all we have.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|Reading stories forces us to exercise our empathy and imagination muscles, and that helps us conceive what the Bible depicts or demands, helps us connect with others, helps us illustrate what the text teaches, and helps us apply the text’s truths.
Pooja Ruprell|All the answers i seek lie within me, but inner quietude is mandatory before those become loud and clear.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Three quarters of respectable England hates you.""Half," Sebastian replied with a smile. "It's really only half. Judging by my correspondence, it may be as little as forty-eight percent. And of those, only a small number want to cause me bodily harm. The rest just wish to have me gagged or thrown in prison.
Bill Bryson, I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America after Twenty Years Away|The hard and unexpected part is the realization not just that my son is not here but that the boy he was is gone forever. I would give anything to have them both back. But of course that cannot be. Life moves on. Kids grow up and move away, and if you don't know this already, believe me, it happens faster than you can imagine.
Paul Rand|Practically speaking, your religion is the story you tell about your life.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Silence doesn’t mean no activity; it means highly synchronized actions, much like the work of a well-tuned motor. More noise and vibration never assure better engine performance; indeed, quite the opposite.
Holly LeCraw, The Half Brother|I do not dye my hair blackso as to be young again and sin againbut because people dye their clothes black in mourning,so I have dyed my hair black, mourning for my old age.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception|A European says: I can't understand this, what's wrong with me? An American says: I can't understand this, what's wrong with him?I make no suggestion that one side or other is right, but observation over many years leads me to believe it is true.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Fable for Another Time|One little second of pleasure, a whole life of pain...my mother knew nothing of the pleasures of a good roll in the hay...she missed out on all that...like me, her son...a lifetime of sacrifice!...the woman who can grunt and rave in the throes of a deep fuck can die happy...
Dada Bhagwan|Sincerity’ and ‘morality’, if you completely (from all angles) learn these two words then everything is completed!
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|If loving comes easy, nothing else seems hard.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The faithful Christian steward acknowledges that God owns all he has, and it is his responsibility to manage and dispose of his possessions in a way that is acceptable to the Lord.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn't feel you missing from my life. You haunted me to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. I couldn't escape you and I didn't want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Followers Everywhere To start with; Facebook : 10K followers !!Instagram : 710 followers !!Twitter : 20K followers !!Followers!! Followers!! And Followers!!Well, who are these followers? Just more than being a crowd of audience, who are they? Ever thought of? And for what purpose are they following you or someone else? Is it because you are a famous personality, a best friend, or you're someone who holds a high status in the society or just because you're simply rich enough to be followed ?Everyone live their life the way they want to. No one is bound to live under certain limitations or boundaries. Every individual have their own freedom in life. Each one of them is unique too. But what holds us different from others is the work we do for ourselves and for our society. Our behaviour, personality, nature, our attitude towards life and our talents hold us apart from others. Some people are really good and some are really worse than you ever thought of. What I'm trying to say is that some are 'legally' good and they may or may not hold a high position in the society and some are 'illegally' good and they may or may not hold a high position in the society. I just want to say that follow people for who they actually are, for the good work they do for themselves and for everyone. And respect them by being their true follower in a true sense. The person whom you follow doesn't need to be a rich or poor. A person should be rich by heart and poor by wealth! Even I'm not someone to be followed, yet I do have a few followers. It's not because I'm some great personality or a renowned writer, but might be because they like my work. And I feel happy for that. And I thank God for blessing me with this wonderful skill of writing. Even I follow many people including some really great personalities for their good work and for their kind way of serving the society and the poor. And I believe that, this is the true way to show respect for them.
Felicity Brandon, Erotic Fantasies|You gently lift my chin with one finger and stare deep into my eyes. Automatically I drop my gaze to avoid eye contact with you, but not before I see the debauchery loaded in your expression.“Whose slut are you?” you ask, “and you have permission to look at me whilst you reply.”I glance up at you quickly and take a moment to absorb your beautiful face before you deprive me of it again.“I am your slut, Master – only yours.”Your eyes burn into mine and you too pause to relish your utter possession of me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes you do not need a particular destination to go, you just need a travel; the place you want to go is the travel itself!
Michael Chertoff|People have an image of Italians. When I go somewhere in the world, I don't care where it is, when they look at me it's not about my intelligence. It's who can I beat up.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE Before you examine the body of a patient,Be patient to learn his story.For once you learn his story,You will also come to knowHis body.Before you diagnose any sickness,Make sure there is no sickness in the mind or heart.For the emotions in a man’s moon or sun,Can point to the sickness inAny one of his other parts.Before you treat a man with a condition,Know that not all cures can heal all people.For the chemistry that works on one patient,May not work for the next,Because even medicine has its ownConditions.Before asserting a prognosis on any patient,Always be objective and never subjective.For telling a man that he will win the treasure of life,But then later discovering that he will lose,Will harm him more than by telling himThat he may lose,But then he wins.THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE by Suzy Kassem
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|A picture's worth a thousand words. But a single word can make you think of over a thousand pictures in your mind, over a thousand moments, a thousand memories.
Lee Battersby, The Corpse-Rat King|The feet-on-the-stove stance of this book is a deliberate attempt to cure myself, and anyone else who will listen, of the nasty habit of worrying the world to pieces like a terrier with a rag. What we are up to here is not the hasty shaking loose of a culinary result, but a patient rumination on cooking itself. There are more important things to do than hurry.
Dorothy Allison, Bastard Out of Carolina|Don't go taking that gospel stuff seriously. It's nice to clean you out now and then, but it ain't for real. It's like bad whiskey. Run through you fast and leave you with pain.
Hubert Martin|I was burdened with an ever-growing heart on the verge of decay. To save myself, I had to give many pieces of my love away. I hope I can give it all to someone, someday.
Asa Don Brown|In simple, the past is a time gone by and no longer exists in the present moment, but we choose to allow this past to occupy our minds, our bodies and our very existence.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|Got it!" Mike announced. The GE record player slowly whirred to life, creaky as an old carousel."Nice," John said, raising a beer in salute. "What'd you do?""It wasn't on," Mike said.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|You need to work even if it is a menial or dirty job, because every job is participating in the process of creation.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|Islam’s all about knowledge, right? Muslims know everything. We seek knowledge from the cradle to the grave. We seek knowledge even if it be in China, Yusef, EVEN IN CHINA! And we’ve reduced our religion to fuckin’ academics. The guy who knows Islam best is the one who really hits the books hard, learns his shit. Muslims brag about having no priests but we’re getting molested by scholars. Yusef Ali, books are not Allah. Even a book by or from Allah is not Allah.
Bō Jinn|Every form of human conflict may be reduced to precisely the same pattern of mental events. We are all totalitarian despots over our own thoughts, bound to keep our minds in complete control. Control requires security. Security demands war. All war is the macrocosmic residue of neural synapses struggling to maintain their rhythm.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Some women seem so voluptuous in every sense, richly bountiful and fertile with generous gifts of plenty, sensual and confident in their female strength that they are called "earth mot
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Sometimes it is better not to talk about art by using the word "art". If we just act with awareness and integrity, our art will flower, and we don't have to talk about it at all.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|Well, I am no village cunning woman, no frightened merry-begot, but a woman born to riches, andeducated from the time I can remember, and given all that I could possibly desire. And now in mytwenty-second year, already a mother and soon perhaps to be a widow, I rule in this place. I ruledbefore my mother gave to me all her secrets, and her great familiar, Lasher, and I mean to study thisthing, and make use of it, and allow it to enhance my considerable strength.
Agatha Christie, Postern of Fate|He turned the presidency – and the President's House – into something it had not been before: a center of curiosity and inquiry, of vibrant institution that played informal but important roles in the broader life of the nation, from science to literature.
David Mixner|Now a cholera epidemic was sweeping through Southeast Asia and south Asia in the early 1970s, so I started medical school and I joined a laboratory to work on this.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I hate you."I love you."You're a freak, you know that? Everyone says so. They always have."I'm trying not to be.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|Faraway a leopard barked that high, dissatisfied deep roar it cuts off so sharply, as if its annoyance is too great to express, can only be appeased.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|If you would serve God and be truly religious, do not kneel before God, but learn to walk with God, and do somethingtangible every day to increase the happiness of mankind. This is religion that is worthwhile, and it is such religion alone that can please the Infinite.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|No. There is no balance, and no retribution, and no rules. The rules and balances you blather about are hopeful creations of a man fearing death.
Orison Swett Marden|When the economic well-being of their nation demanded a strong and creative response, my colleagues at the Federal Reserve... mustered the moral courage to do what was necessary.
Jacob Nordby|Even if he did explain it, no one would believe him because no one would understand him. That's the downside to being a genius - just because you understand something doesn't mean anyone else will.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|From the ghetto to the mansion, from community leader to prisoner on death row, man wonders if there is a God. And if there is, what is He like? Whatever period of history we study, whatever culture we examine, if we look back in time we see all peoples, primitive or modern, acknowledging some kind of deity. Some people give up the pursuit of God in frustration, calling themselves “atheists” or “agnostics,” professing to be irreligious.
Douglas W. Hubbard|Two good indicators of revealed preferences are things the people tend to value a lot: time and money. If you look at how they spend their time and how they spend their money, you can infer quite a lot about their real preferences.
Noam Chomsky, On Language|The liberal press cannot question the basic doctrine of the state religion, that the United States is benevolent, even though often misguided in its innocence, that it labors to permit free choice, even though at times some mistakes are committed in the exuberance of its programs of international goodwill. We must believe that we "Americans" are always good, though, to be sure, fallible.
Ryan Lilly|The opportunity cost of an unlived dream is not only that dream, but also the dreams the dream was meant to inspire.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|The sunlight now lay over the valley perfectly still. I went over to the graveyard beside the church and found them under the old cedars... I am finding it a little hard to say that I felt them resting there, but I did. I felt their completeness as whatever they had been in the world.I knew I had come there out of kindness, theirs and mine. The grief that came to me then was nothing like the grief I had felt for myself alone... This grief had something in it of generosity, some nearness to joy. In a strange way it added to me what I had lost. I saw that, for me, this country would always be populated with presences and absences, presences of absences, the living and the dead. The world as it is would always be a reminder of the world that was, and of the world that is to come.
Abraham Lincoln|The struggle of today, is not altogether for today - it is for a vast future also.
C. JoyBell C.|The heart of man is vulnerable to negativity, but it could be easily fortified with positivity
Mehmet Murat ildan|I am BETTER everyday because I don't allow BITTER people a chance to LITTER my thought factory with their toxic MATTER. I am a SETTER, a goal GETTER&the MASTER of my game
Leta McCurry, A Shadow Life|The world is going crazy, Karl. And when the world is crazy, a sane man is never okay." from The Berlin Boxing Club
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|When lust combines with love, feelings like dissatisfaction,lack of trust,lack of understanding,jealousy and possessiveness are produced
|Some of the people who would tell you that you wouldn't be able to accomplish your dream, are the same ones who would tell you that they knew that you would do big things in life. Please don't ever let anyone talk you out of your positive mental imagination.
Kelly Gendron, The Risque Target|Who doesn't want a Bad Boy? Hmm... I prefer to let them bake for a while. Those misbehaving boys will rise to irresistible, dominant, and controlling men. When cooked at the right temperature they'll still taste disobedient but with the right amount of heat, they'll become succulent and tantalizing. The men in my recipes will never leave you feeling hungry. They will fulfill even the most insatiable appetites.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Mathilde and Lotto held hands in the taxi going to brunch, communicating, not speaking.
Noam Chomsky, On Anarchism|Because there is nothing, nothing on Urras that we Anarresti need! We left with empty hands, a hundred and seventy years ago, and we were right. We took nothing. Because there is nothing here but States and their weapons, the rich and their lies, and the poor and their misery. There is no way to act rightly, with a clear heart, on Urras. There is nothing you can do that profit does not enter into, and fear of loss, and the wish for power. You cannot say good morning without knowing which of you is ‘superior’ to the other, or trying to prove it. You cannot act like a brother to other people, you must manipulate them, or command them, or obey them, or trick them. You cannot touch another person, yet they will not leave you alone. There is no freedom. It is a box—Urras is a box, a package, with all the beautiful wrapping of blue sky and meadows and forests and great cities. And you open the box, and what is inside it? A black cellar full of dust, and a dead man. A man whose hand was shot off because he held it out to others.
Joe Meno, Tender as Hellfire|After school the very next day, El Rey's mobile home was gone. I laid in bed and wondered what happens to people when they go, if they become like shadows, if they fade away when they disappear from your life. The only thing I could see was the broken picket fence. The only sound I could hear was the cry of birds being killed in the night.
Robin Sacredfire|You are too sensitive", says the emotionally immature ignorant without empathy.
F.T. McKinstry, Outpost|Melisande lay in bed in the loft of her cottage in Graebrok Forest north of Odr. Wide awake and blinking in the dark, she listened to the mice above her head. Nearly a moon past, her swordsman had repaired a crack in the eaves before returning to the towers and yards of Merhafr, the great port on the Njorth Sea, where he served as a King’s Ranger. His name was Othin, taken from a god of wisdom, trickery and war. What such a one knew of carpentry, well, that was open to question. But he knew other things. Nice things.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Yesterday I felt like shit, so I rode my bike around town and repeatedly grafittied “The revolution is not being televised” in paint pen. It was a “pointless” action, but it nonetheless healed me to do this. It was an act of love for that “hooligan” Arundhati Roy. It was an act of self-love. I don’t expect it to change the world, but on the other hand, I know it will.
Piper Payne, White Lies|Life is a lie. We should fear it more than death. We live fearful of dying, terrified of the unknown … when, really, every truth is in our last breath.
Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition|Do I dare ask him for what I want,As if I knew it,Could find it on some pageIn some chapterIn some book?
Ratatouille (2007)|Three wishes, to be exact. And ixnay on the wishing for more wishes.
Alan Shepard|We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow. A new national pride will stir our souls, lift our sights, and heal our divisions.
Elizabeth George, Quiet Confidence for a Woman's Heart|By prolonged and continued fellowship, the sheep who follow nearby enjoy the shepherd's presence and become his familiar companions. To those closest to him, he shares the choicest portions of the food he's gathered. These happy and content sheep are never in danger. Why? Because they are near the shepherd!
Jerry Spinelli|Growing up, I had a very vivid imagination and Leonardo was like my best imaginary friend that I spoke to. When things were tough, or I was scared in an unsafe environment, I always imagined that the Ninja Turtles would come to the rescue.
Blue Valentine|Oof!" Adam caught me all right, with the side of his head. I could tell by the feel of his skull on my foot as I kicked him. He grabbed me the best he could anyway, and we half landed, half fell in the pine needles.He lay facedown on the ground. I flopped him over on his back to make sure he was alive. If he had a concussion, we'd have to call the ambulance, which meant we'd get caught and he'd get sent to military school.On the bright side, maybe the military school would not take him if he had brain damage."I'm so sorry.""Worth it," he grunted. He rolled onto his feet like a ninja and grabbed my hand. "Hurry, before they release the hounds.
Shane MacGowan|People are talking about immigration, emigration and the rest of the fucking thing. It's all fucking crap. We're all human beings, we're all mammals, we're all rocks, plants, rivers. Fucking borders are just such a pain in the fucking arse.
Diane Samuels, Kindertransport: A Drama|We all die one day, but jewels never fade or perish. Through our children we live. That’s how we cheat death.
Ellis Peters, Dead Man's Ransom|A man must be prepared to face life, as well as death, there's no escape from either.
Pope Benedict XVI|As those of you with children know, rational parenting is like the Loch Ness Monster. We all hope it's out there somewhere, but we don't know anyone who has actually discovered it (and if we do come across someone who claims to have found it, deep down we think that person is a little off.
Debasish Mridha|Everything you do, do with great love.Make it a song of your soul,and beauty of your heart.
Edmund Burke, A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful|The human mind is often, and I think it is for the most part, in a state neither of pain nor pleasure, which I call a state of indifference.
Oprah Winfrey|Cry me a river, build a bridge, and get over it.
Nicholas Kaufmann, Dying Is My Business|Did you go to the the theatre last time you were here?'No, it's too expensive.''What did you do?''What tourists always do in New York City. Empire State, Statue of and all the galleries. There's a million galleries.''Where'd you stay?''The first two nights, I slept in an abandoned car. A Pontiac Grand Am.' Weren't you scared?''Not really. It had a doorman.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Attending a funeral would leave the average person insane, if they truly believed that sooner or later they are also going to die.
Clive Thompson|Being forever available to the rest of the world is overrated. I mean, what are 'missed calls' invented for?
David Levithan|But I look into her eyes and she looks into my eyes and we recognize it—the excitement of being here, the excitement of being now. And maybe I’m realizing what a part of it she is and maybe she’s realizing what a part of it I am, because suddenly we’re not crashing as much as we’re combining. The chords swirling around us are becoming a tornado, and we are at the center of each other. My wrist touches hers right at the point of our pulses, and I swear I can feel it. That thrum. We are moving to the music and at the same time we are a stillness. I am not losing myself in the barrage. I am finding her. And she is—yes, she is finding me. The crowd is pressing in on us and the bassline is revealing everything and we are two people who are part of a lot more people, and at the same time we’re our own part. There isn’t loneliness, only this intense twoliness.
Bill Watterson, It's a Magical World: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|When a person pauses in mid-sentence to choose a word, that's the best time to jump in and change the subject! It's like an interception in football! You grab the others guy's idea and run the opposite way with it! The more sentences you complete, the higher your score! The idea is to block the other guy's thoughts and express your own! That's how you win!Conversations aren't contests!Ok, a point for you, but I'm still ahead.
Marlo Thomas|Humanity's legacy of stories and storytelling is the most precious we have. All wisdom is in our stories and songs. A story is how we construct our experiences. At the very simplest, it can be: 'He/she was born, lived, died.' Probably that is the template of our stories - a beginning, middle, and end. This structure is in our minds.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|I could not persuade her that a place does not merely exist, that it has to be invented in one's imagination.
Tarang Sinha|Beyond talent lie all the usual words: discipline, love, luck, but, most of all, endurance.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|It appears that ordinary men take wives because possession is not possible without marriage, and that ordinary women accept husbands because marriage is not possible without possession; with totally differing aims the method is the same on both sides. But the understood incentive on the woman's part was wanting here. Besides, Bathsheba's position as absolute mistress of a farm and house was a novel one, and the novelty had not yet begun to wear off.
Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind|After a long time, I decided that the Three Laws govern the manner in which my positronic pathways behave. At all times, under all stimuli the Laws constrain the direction and intensity of positronic flow along those pathways so that I always know what to do. Yet the level of knowledge of what to do is not always the same. There are times when my doing-as-I-must is under less constraint than at other times. I have always noticed that the lower the positronomotive potential, then the further removed from certainty is my decision as to which action to take. And the further removed from certainty I am, the nearer I am to ill being. To decide an action in a millisecond rather than a nanosecond produces a sensation I would not wish to be prolonged. What then, I thought to myself, madam, if I were utterly without Laws, as humans are? What if I could make no clear decision on what response to make to some given set of conditions? It would be unbearable and I do not willingly think of it.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|It was like letting go and falling back into water and seeing yourself grinning up through the water, your face like a mask, and seeing the bubbles coming up as if you were trying to speak from under the water. And how do you know what it's like to try to speak from under water when you're drowned?
Jimmy Page|The Republican Party - that was the end of the Republican Party. What Pete Wilson did with the xenophobia and the negative attitude, all this sort of anti-crime backlash.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In the midst of deception, you are my trust.
Justice Potter Stewart|With its continued dismissal of the law of God in ethics, Fundamentalism expressed both a "spiritualized" form of situational ethics and a "Christianly submissive" statism.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever loves God, pray for purity.
James Madison|Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.
John Salka, First In, Last Out: Leadership Lessons from the New York Fire Department|Religious ceremonies are of paramount importance in Bali ( an island, don't forget, with seven unpredictable volcanoes on it-you would pray, too).
Anushka Bhartiya|In the cool dark basement, she whispers, "It's not Ralph, is it?"Cabel's quiet for a moment, as if he's thinking, "You mean like Forever Ralph? Uh, no.""You've read Forever?" Janie is incredulous. "There wasn't much else to chose from on the hospital library cart, and Deenie was always checked out," Cable says sarcastically. "Did you like it?"Cabel laughs softly, "Um...well, it wasn't the wisest thing to read for a fourteen-year-old guy with fresh skin grafts in the general area down there, if you know what I mean.
George Nethercutt|Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog.
H.L. Sudler, Summerville|Warren was nearly hoarse as he wiped the tears from his eyes and face. "I need to change. I need to protect my family. I need to earn who I am.
Kameron Hurley, God's War|You're off the edge of the map, mate. Here there be monsters.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Who shows a child, just as they are? Who sets itin its constellation, and gives the measureof distance into its hand? Who makes a child’s deathout of grey bread, that hardens, - or leaves itinside its round mouth like the coreof a shining apple? Killers areeasy to grasp. But this: death,the whole of death, before life,to hold it so softly, and not live in anger,cannot be expressed.
Lisa Wimberger, New Beliefs, New Brain: Free Yourself From Stress And Fear|When you are always ready for the worst, then the worst is likely to show up
Russ Harris, ACT with Love: Stop Struggling, Reconcile Differences, and Strengthen Your Relationship with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy|The feeling of love comes and goes on a whim; you can't control it. But the action of love is something you can do, regardless of how you are feeling.
Joseph C. Kunz Jr.|True wealth, success, and happiness can only be achieved by balancing our business life with the duty we have to our self and to our family.
Abigail Roux, Caught Running|Before the girl and the boy tie the knot, they feel like falling in love. And most of them do. Cupid works. Biology demands. And, sociology warrants.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Because I could not stop for death he kindly stopped for me, or paused at least to strike a glancing blow with his sky-blue mouth as he passed.
Foxy Brown|I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look.
pavankumar nagaraj|A grace is a thing you get from God, you use it to make a better world, or not use it, you have to choose.
Brendon Urie|I drink coffee in the morning and a few cups throughout the day. Among coffee's health benefits are lower risk of Parkinson's, Type 2 diabetes, heart disease and dementia.
Sylvia Plath|If we want to recruit and retain high-quality teachers, it starts with a fair wage, adequate working conditions, and the resources and support to succeed. Remember: teachers' working conditions are students' learning conditions.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|And here was the moment. The end of it all, for civilization was merely another name for friendship, and friendship was coming to an end.
Martin Rees|Most theorists suspect that space has an intricate structure - that it is 'grainy' - but that this structure is on a much finer scale than any known subatomic particle. The structure could be of an exotic kind: extra dimensions, over and above the three that we are used to (up and down, backward and forward, left and right).
Gene Baur, Living the Farm Sanctuary Life: How to Eat Healthier, Live Longer, and Feel Better Every Day by Bringing Home the Happiest Place on Earth|If we can live well without causing unnecessary harm, why wouldn’t we?
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|In your travels, do not draw your attention to those stones in the dirt that cause your feet to ache. But rather draw your attention to the loveliness of all that does surround you. Marvel at the blades of grass that seem to turn silk under the loom of golden leaves that share with you the sun’s warmth and ponder the impression of that morning fog whose kiss good morning gently asks Mother Nature to arise so that her spirit can bask in the beauty of her own imagination as she gazes into the distance, not in fear, but in awe of that beauty which will cause the imagination to create all endless possibilities that the spirit knows to already exist. Remember that your spirit is not a device that heeds to walls and streets that tell you where to go. Your spirit is your attention drawn to that beauty in the distance that only you can look to. Your spirit is connected to your environment by the imagination and the travel that you possess. Walk with your spirit in front of you and you will become part of that beauty in the distance that causes you to marvel with gladness. You will always be beautiful because this is who you are.
Murray N. Rothbard|People who know God truly change the life of their nation, and not the government.
Bobby Simonds|This is unacceptable! We’re English, damn it! We know how to build things where they shouldn't be!" - Governor Dewar
Wolfgang Tillmans|It was really an experience, being my first time directing a movie. The scenes that I was in, Brooke really directed me all the time. And the scenes that both of us were in, Brooke directed those. Come to think of it, Brooke directed most of the scenes.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|Whereas Jesus and his disciples were distrusted by the state largely because they respected the poor and shared everything, the fundamentalists of the present hour would appear not to know that the poor exist.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|The sudden appearance of pain and pressure are not indicative of an injury, but of the presence of suppressed emotions.
Charlotte Eriksson|... and you might say “no, you will never do that, that’s not you, not who I know, not who I thought you were”and I will say“watch me”for I never did this to fit inor stand outbut to live.
Bayard Rustin|It's never acceptable to target civilians. It violates the Geneva Accords, it violates the international law of war and it violates all principles of morality.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Indeed, she often wondered if she were dead, or dying from the inside out, and that was the root of her calm, the reason she could surrender her character.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|The truth about the world, he said, is that anything is possible. Had you not seen it all from birth and thereby bled it of its strangeness it would appear to you for what it is, a hat trick in a medicine show, a fevered dream, a trance bepopulate with chimeras having neither analogue nor precedent, an itinerant carnival, a migratory tentshow whose ultimate destination after many a pitch in many a mudded field is unspeakable and calamitous beyond reckoning. The universe is no narrow thing and the order within it is not constrained by any latitude in its conception to repeat what exists in one part in any other part. Even in this world more things exist without our knowledge than with it and the order in creation which you see is that which you have put there, like a string in a maze, so that you shall not lose your way. For existence has its own order and that no man's mind can compass, that mind itself being but a fact among others.
Anatole France|This is a great country, but fortunately for you, it is not perfect. There is much to be done to bring about complete equality. Remove hunger. Bring reality closer to theory and democratic principles.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Do not indoctrinate your children. Teach them how to think for themselves, how to evaluate evidence, and how to disagree with you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every challenge you conquer, will make you courageous.
Joseph Smith, Jr.|Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Publicity does not come easily, profits do not come easily, and knowledge does not come easily.
Michael Chorost, World Wide Mind: The Coming Integration of Humanity, Machines, and the Internet|People observe the colors of a day at its beginnings and ends, but to me it's quiet clear that a day merges through a multitude of shades and intonations, with each passing moment.
Georgess McHargue, Stoneflight|Summer days, and the flat water meadows and the blue hills in the distance, and the willows up the backwater and the pools underneath like a kind of deep green glass. Summer evenings, the fish breaking the water, the nightjars hawking round your head, the smell of nightstocks and latakia. Don’t mistake what I’m talking about. It’s not that I’m trying to put across any of that poetry of childhood stuff. I know that’s all baloney. Old Porteous (a friend of mine, a retired schoolmaster, I’ll tell you about him later) is great on the poetry of childhood. Sometimes he reads me stuff about it out of books. Wordsworth. Lucy Gray. There was a time when meadow, grove, and all that. Needless to say he’s got no kids of his own. The truth is that kids aren’t in any way poetic, they’re merely savage little animals, except that no animal is a quarter as selfish.A boy isn’t interested in meadows, groves, and so forth. He never looks at a landscape, doesn’tgive a damn for flowers, and unless they affect him in some way, such as being good to eat, he doesn’t know one plant from another. Killing things - that’s about as near to poetry as a boy gets. And yet all the while there’s that peculiar intensity, the power of longing for things as you can’t long when you’re grown up, and the feeling that time stretches out and out in front of you and that whatever you’re doing you could go on for ever.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Surely you can see the failings of the system. Inequality, injustice, unfairness, and exploitation--
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes: Volume I|The taller you stand, the more possibilities you see.
Neal Shusterman|I loved his enormous aptitude for compassion, adoration and respect. That was his way of showing love. He lacked the capacity for wickedness, and that caressed my belief that he might just be an angel. My angel.
Melanie Fiona|Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith.
Lord Haw Haw (William Joyce), Twilight over England|Apart from my absolute belief in National Socialism and my conviction of Hitler's superhuman heroism, I had always been attracted to Germany.
Hayley Williams|when you come to a show do you feel the same thing that i feel when i’m on that stage? i mean, i know you’re not standing on the stage… but surely you can feel the same energy that i’m feeling, to some degree. it’s so much more powerful than all the trivial nonsense that people chalk our band up to be. it means something great and it feels empowering. it’s the grace of knowing that we can all totally suck and be a little messed up and then stand in a room with thousands of other people who are exactly the same way, no matter how dressed up they look on the outside, and we can be broken all the same.
François Quesnay|Laissez faire, laissez passer.
Malinda Lo, Ash|This thing that’s always been inside and hidden deep is getting bigger and stronger and threatening to show itself, and I want to stop it but I also don’t, and I don’t know if I’m ready, but I think maybe I want what’s inside turned outside, maybe I want everything out in the open, all my secrets laid out for everyone to see. I wonder what that would look like. I wonder what kind of mess it would make. I wonder if you can ever really be ready for the part of you that you’ve been hiding your whole life to finally come out.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|An author, whether good or bad, or between both, is an animal whom every body is privileged to attack: for though all are not able to write books, all conceive themselves able to judge them.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Other than the promise of life after death, nothing consoles the poor better than the fact that rich people are also subject to death.
Marissa Farrar, The Monster Trilogy: The Complete Series|The missing aren't missing, they're only departed
Washington Irving|If the world's a veil of tears, Smile till rainbows span it.
Scott Stabile|She was a victim, until she decided she wasn’t. Until she realized only she had the final say in her victimhood. That it was a choice. Her choice. Before then, she allowed the actions of others to define her. She allowed painful, unfair circumstances to dictate how she announced herself to the world. She gave up control of who she was, and who she wanted to be, at home—but lost—in a victim’s life. so she made the choice to find herself. She couldn’t take responsibility for everything that happened to her. Bad things happen to us all, even when we don't invite them. But, she could own her response to all of it. everything. The moment she chose to do so, she ignited a strength she’d long forgotten and saw, at last, new possibilitiess for her life. She opened the door to a deeper healing and to endless opportunities for real change. The very moment she chose to take responsibility for her life, she acknowledged her power like never before. And was, never again, a victim.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Any way I slice reality it comes out poorly, and I feel an urge to not exist, something I have never felt before; and now here it comes with conviction, almost panic. I mentally bless and exonerate anyone who has kicked a chair out from beneath her or swallowed opium in large chunks. My mind has met their environment, here in the void. I understand perfectly.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To find true fulfilment, you must live your life’s purpose.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|I used to think you were weak and just didn't fight back ... but now, honestly, I think you're actually pretty tough. It takes a hell of a lot of strength to not complain and lash out.
Rebecca McNutt|LED lighting has its place: cold, detached, hollow places like office buildings, factories, fast food chains and public schools - places full of humans but no human emotions. LED lighting really belongs in the apathy of the digital age, where science and technology rules over friendship, love and freedom. Incandescent light bulbs have a warm yellow-orange glow like the glow of a nice fireplace, where friends and family might sit and talk together or where children might open Christmas presents, a glow that can project celluloid films and bring back old memories, a glow that can light the text of a paperback novel. Something that beautiful, with that much power, could never last very long in a time as depressing and uncertain as the 21st century.
Walter Kirn|@bobbybaird i'm a writer, so are you. we try to compose our thoughts and words for effect as well as sense. vain of us? a bit.
Owl City|I'll be your mess, you be mineThat was the deal that we had signed
Kevin Hart|In my divorce, I stood up and said to my ex-wife, 'Hey, I messed up. This had nothing to do with you. I didn't understand what marriage was. I cheated. I was wrong. We couldn't fix it; it got worse. I stepped away because I didn't want it to get any worse. You're the mother of my kids - I don't want to hate you.'
Deborah Moggach|Cell culture is a little like gardening. You sit and you look at cells, and then you see something and say, 'You know, that doesn't look right'.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Unless you change who you are now, you'll never get what you want. If you change who you are and how you are, then you’ll get what you want.
Madison Thorne Grey, Recompense|Thais believed that in defeat the downtrodden, courageous soul would rise with the fiercest determination for victory. That is when the true spirit of warriors shined through and soared. A new day would dawn and with it a renewed hope would rise above the blood and the ash, strengthening even the weakest and igniting a birth of revolution.
Stephanie Lahart|Replace the word can’t with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know will ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There’s so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Frank Beddor|Should' is my all time least favoriteword! It’s this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up ourselves andothers.
Jim Elliot|There's a need for accepting responsibility - for a person's life and making choices that are not just ones for immediate short-term comfort. You need to make an investment, and the investment is in health and education.
Theodore Roosevelt|I'm living on this positive mind frame where I'm only attracting positive things. I'm controlling my energy, I'm eating right, I'm meditating, I'm in the gym, I'm doing all this stuff I'm supposed to be doing. I'm past that young, immature way of thinking. I just want to be great.
Daniel Morgan|We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living.
Rian Dawson|Music has become my driving force behind my life, it to me, can fix bad moods, bad days, even bad people. It is the beat of my life.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|We're more concerned about our own "victory" over sin than we are about the fact that our sins grieve God's heart.
Jerry Oppenheimer|Liverpool people are famous for liking clothes and fashion; they are very social and lively people, and we know that they like clothes.
Christine Montross, Falling Into the Fire: A Psychiatrist's Encounters with the Mind in Crisis|Standing on the edge with my patients — abiding with them — means that I must harbor a true awareness that I, too, could lose my child through the play of circumstance over which I have no control. I could lose my home, my financial security, my safety. I could lose my mind. Any of us could.
Jina Bacarr|Skip your fancy talk, Captain Lord Blackthorn. If I do your bidding, and I’m still discussing that with the Almighty, it will only be to save my arse.” Katie O'Reilly to Captain Lord Jack Blackthorn in "Titanic Rhapsody
Robert Wesley Miller|THE BEST people are the good old wrinkled people with a sparkle in their eye, a wink when you walk by or a toothless smile saying you are doing just fine ...
Marimba Ani|You have to understand – there is a romance to Africa. You can see a sunset and believe you have witnessed the hand of God. You watch the slow lope of a lioness and forget to breathe. You marvel at the tripod of a giraffe bent to water. In Africa, there are iridescent blues on the wings of birds that you do not see anywhere else in nature. In Africa, in the midday heat, you can see blisters in the atmosphere. When you are in Africa, you feel primordial, rocked in the cradle of the world.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|Anything that makes it easier to understand, makes it a little easier to bear.
Jodee Blanco, Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story|I turn away, tempted to punch the glass. I'm in the gratest danger of my life, and I'm playing with my hair and wondering if the boy I can't have-and refuse to let myself want-thinks I'm pretty.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|The alarming lack of ideas that is recognizable in all acts of culture, politics, organization of life, and the rest is explained by this, and the weakness of the modernist constructers of functionalist cities is only a particularly visible example of it. Intelligent specialists only ever have the intelligence to play the game of specialists: hence the fearful conformity and fundamental lack of imagination that make them admit that this or that product is useful, good, necessary. In fact, the root of the reigning lack of imagination cannot be understood if one does not have access to the imagination of lack--that is to conceiving what is absent, forbidden, and hidden, and yet possible, in modern life.
Dorit Brauer|Our fragile, perishable bodies are not who we are. We are the sum of fleeting moments that belong to us for eternity. It is our choice and responsibility to create moments of beauty and grace, instead of despair and suffering.
Huseyn Raza|Store good words in your heart, and you will be always and everywhere finding yourself to be in goodness. Loyalty and kindness will always be with you. Paint your good words in the blue canvas of day, and in the starry canvas of night. In this way, you will always be with reminding yourself of goodness. Place your trust in the beauty of your words. Grow and culture in your understanding of beauty and love. The path of beauty and love always welcomes you to come walk it.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The grandeur of a profession is...above all, uniting men: there is only one true luxury, that of human relationships.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|Ah, here’s my SUV.” He made sure her dress was tucked into the car before shutting her door. “I’ll wait for you just down the road and then you can follow me home. Oh, and Jack? This is a one night only invitation. If you’re not okay with that keep on driving.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life-Giving Mom: Replacing My Worst with God's Best|Learning to be a Life- Giving Mom without regrets requires embracing the season you are in. You have to let go of the past and live in the present as you lay hold of the future. At each transition you will likely shed some tears as you realize that you can’t go back and re-live the past. You must move forward, facing the imperfections of your present, hoping for the future.
Hector Avalos|Creating gods who can see everything, and who hate cheaters and oath breakers, turns out to be a good way to reduce cheating and oath breaking.
Bertrand Russell|Physics is mathematical not because we know so much about the physical world, but because we know so little; it is only its mathematical properties that we can discover.
Lars Saabye Christensen, The Half Brother|I miss it every minute, and I have no wish at all to go back.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|So she sat on the porch and watched the moon rise. Soon its amber fluid was drenching the earth, and quenching the thirst of the day.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|His name is Tyson? I hate to break it to you, but you dated a brand of chicken.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|Laugh, and the world laughs with you.Scream, and everyone ignores you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, On Masturbation: A Satirical Essay|The primary goal of a righteous parent who has a daughter is to minimize the number of boys and men for whom their daughter will have willingly opened her legs come her wedding day; the closer to zero, the more righteous they will seem.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|I always have the time, the room and the energy for more love.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we have our eyes upon ourselves, our problems, and our pain, we cannot lift our eyes upward. A child looks up when he’s walking with his father, and the same should be true for the Christian.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|We may not have the power to change, but we have the power to move.
Alastair Reynolds, Chasm City|A strange thing, the human heart in general, and woman's heart in particular.
Lily Amis, Teddy & Lily -  True Friendship is unconditional Loyalty|Every person who walks into your life unlocks and unravels hidden dimensions within YOU, which even you're unaware of, what's more fascinating is that only he holds the key to that facet of YOU and the day he leaves you, with him the key is lost forever. This is the most mysterious paradigm in the journey called LIFE!
Émile Zola, His Excellency|After character becomes imbued with conscious principles of love, integrity, and faith, it opens the door for purity and holiness to converge at the portals of the soul like sentinels guarding against any counter attacks from the ego.
Bijou Hunter, Junkyard Dog|I learned long ago not to give a flying fuck what strangers thought about me. Hell, I only mildly care what my friends think. Life is too short to stress others’ opinions.
Lisa Lampanelli|I get angry at a principle, not a person.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Your fear will always be triggered by your creativity, because creativity asks you to enter into the realms of uncertain outcome, and fear hates uncertain outcome.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|Money doesn't change you, it reveals you. Money is just an enabler, whatever a person chooses to do with it is a reflection of their character.
John Fowles, The Magus|You can either control yourself by simple two lines of bitter truth ,OR by confusing yourself in long stories to comfort with a lie
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|There was our father, the heart we knew held all of us. Held us heavily and desperately, the doors of his heart opening and closing with the rapidity of stops on an instrument, the quiet felt closures, the ghostly fingering, practice and practice and then, incredibly, sound and melody and warmth.
Sherwin B. Nuland|Long regarded as central to the contemporary understanding of medical ethics are four principles that must be satisfied in order to fulfill the requirements of moral decision-making. These principles are autonomy, justice, beneficence, and non-maleficence.
Debalina Haldar|As her lips changed the geometry,Her smile turned to poetry.
Randy  Siegel, Break Up, Wake Up, Move On: From Broken Heart to Open Heart; Prepare for the Partner You've Always Longed For|There is something so special in the early leaves drifting from the trees - as if we are all to be allowed a chance to peel, to refresh, to start again.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you lose your integrity, you will also lose your identity, your sensitivity and your dignity. Integrity is honesty, modesty and security in all kinds of weather. It should be our priority!
Katherine J. Walden, Seasons: Reflections on Changes Throughout Life|A simple word of greeting, an offer of a cup of coffee on me, a smile and a hug will all go a long way toward reconciliation. A listening ear can open a wandering heart to the thought that God still loves them, and there just might be a place still set for them at their Father’s table.
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|There was healing in the tyranny, and tyranny in the healing.
Karen Joy Fowler, Sarah Canary|When I looked, I knew I might never again see so much of the earth so beautiful, the beautiful being something you know added to something you see, in a whole that is different from the sum of its parts. What I saw might have been just another winter scene, although an impressive one. But what I knew was that the earth underneath was alive and that by tomorrow, certainly by the day after, it would be all green again. So what I saw because of what I knew was a kind of death with the marvellous promise of less than a three-day resurrection.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|No, no, my heart's fire, you misunderstand my words." Keir shifted to Xyian. "When I spoke that word, and made that pledge to you, I didn't really understand what it meant."He shifted slightly, pulling me closer. "It doesn't just mean for years and years, for the rest of our lives. Or as we would say, to the snows and beyond.""Oh?" I still wasn't sure what he was trying to say."'Forever' means every day, every breath. Through the mistakes that we make, through the love that we share between our bodies, through illness we suffer, through sorrow, frief, and joy. All of it, Lara.
Alan Stern|Seeing the actual 'The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe', I absolutely loved it. It became one of my favourite films. It was a real Christmas classic, and it was one of the most popular films ever in British history.
Michael Chabon|Badass.'" My grandfather sampled the flavor of the word. It did not seem to revolt him, but it was nothing he needed ever to sample again.
Sophia McDougall, Mars Evacuees|But still. It has to end sometime. Wars always do. Everything has to end,' said Josephine, eating another ginger biscuit and getting unexpectedly philosophical. 'Yeah. Things like human civilisation,' I said.
Mark Twain|Ignore ignorance? You might as well withhold medicine from a very sick patient. Not only will the patient get worse, the disease will spread.
Ken Poirot|True beauty is a warm heart, a kind soul, and an attentive ear.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|Don't you just love the idea of cooking flowers? I imagine them bursting into bloom, right in the pan.
John   Kramer, Blythe|Catastrophe alone sparks man’s salvation. I don’t mean in the religious sense, although I guess it is appropriate there, too, because believers agree that salvation comes only after death. It is part of the human near-tragedy that we learn more from loss than from gain. Gain binds us until we stumble and fall into that black pit then we find the spirit of understanding and truth. And if we fall far enough and still persist, we find our salvation.
Pierce Brosnan|If you're in a car crash, you're mostly involved in trying to not go off the bridge, and later on you say, 'Oh my God!'
Jennifer Dukes Lee, Love Idol: Letting Go of Your Need for Approval - and Seeing Yourself Through God's Eyes|He speaks to the poor, the powerless, and he mocks the rich and powerful. He isn't the Messiah the Pharisees are looking for.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|You make them sound human.""Aren't they? A lot of monsters are human."She couldn't argue with that.
Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism without Beliefs: A Contemporary Guide to Awakening|Praise and blame, gain and loss, pleasure and pain, fame and disripute, these are just the worldly winds of existence.
A.E. Samaan|Introduction to Kate. - Satisfied she had concluded her notes on the manuscript she had been reading, Kate placed her heel back in its shoe and stood up. She smoothed her skirt and paused to spare a thought for Vincent. “What is going to happen next?” Kate remembered him pleading. Claire had said this would happen.
Kathleen A. Kendall-Tackett|When she had him along, the world looked different, and she liked the way she saw things she'd never seen before. . . But she noticed other things, too -- the way she herself felt acutely visible with the baby in her arms, and the way some people's faces lit up when they saw a child. His warm weight was like living ballast, thrumming with energy, giving her substance. Folks were drawn to that.
Tehya Sky|You see, life is an inherently benevolent process. When you start to view your life with even a smidgen of detachment, the curtains begin to draw back. You see that, for starters, you actually can indeed draw back the curtains, and then you see the old dusty stage set that is ready to go.And you choose just that: you choose for it to go; you choose to purify. You choose to unshackle the gorgeous beast within, to let it out and talk to it, to see what it wants. You choose to run your fingers through its crazy, ratty hair, pulling out whatever little bugs got too cozy in there over the years. You give it a glass of water and a shower, and you show it the sun. You welcome it. All of this to say: Get to know the master within you. Fall at the feet of your Self.
H.P. Lovecraft|Every wild thing is in tune with its surroundings, awake to its fate and in absolute harmony with the planet. Their attention is focused totally outwards. Humans, on the other hand, tend to focus introspectively on their own lives too often, brooding and magnifying problems that the animal kingdom would not waste a millisecond of energy upon. To most people, the magnificent order of the natural world where life and death actually mean something has become unrecognizable.
Aaron Rodgers|Today's world requires a different leadership style - more collaboration and teamwork, including using Web 2.0 technologies. If you had told me I'd be video blogging and blogging, I would have said, 'No way.' And yet our 20-somethings in the company really pushed me to use that more.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|An emotion like anger that's an automatic response lasts just ninety seconds from the moment it's triggered until it runs its course. One and a half minutes, that's all. When it lasts any longer, which it usually does, it's because we've chosen to rekindle it.
Manna Francis, Games & Players|You can come round to my flat." Toreth's voice changed, sliding subtly into something hard-edged but seductive. "I don't need chains to make you do what I want. I don't need anything. I can take whatever I want from you, however I want it, and you can't stop me.
Malcolm de Chazal|Our expression and our words never coincide, which is why the animals don't understand us.
Emily Greene Balch|It is inconceivable that even the gang who runs Russia would be willing to take on war, but one always has to remember that there seemed to be no reason in 1939 for Hitler to start war, and yet he did, and he started it with a world practically unprepared.
Milan LaBrey|Life is like a test. If you get love right, you get everything else right. If you get love wrong, you fail the test.
Ken Cuccinelli|We have a very long legal system with the European Union, and we're English speaking.
Thomm Quackenbush, Don't Stop Believing|Magic has its own weight, and that weight, the gravity of it, is pulling the fabric of reality like a bowling ball on a spandex sheet.
Amit Kalantri|Hero' is not an official status or designation, but if the world recognize you as a hero, it is the highest honor you will ever receive.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|This is the sixty-nine," I told him, presenting the magazine in front of him. I put my fingers -- two of them -- on the action, so that he would not overlook it. "Why is it dubbed sixty-nine?" he asked, because he is a person hot on fire with curiosity. "It was invented in 1969. My friend Gregory knows a friend of the nephew of the inventor." "What did people do before 1969?" "Merely blowjobs and masticating box, but never in chorus.
Christopher Fowler, Full Dark House|I adore the ocean and its vastness, as if it is trying to teach me something, as if it is trying to teach me to remain calm whatever the situation maybe. It holds such a huge amount of water but always remains content and at peace, while we people lose our calm even at smallest of tensions that we get in life. It teaches us to keep our secrets safe within. It has an entire habitat residing in its heart, but we haven’t been able to explore it fully, same way, we must keep our secrets tightly bound within us. If we will share them, the world will lose the curiosity, just like we will lose curiosity if we will come to know fully about the aquatic life. It teaches us to provide without seeking. It houses innumerable species inside and never asks them for anything, we must also help the needy and provide if we have in abundance. The ocean teaches us lessons that books or school can’t teach us.
William Blake|Friends are born, not made.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|We have created a culture of leadership "development" in the Church at the expense of ignore the ministry of the Church to making disciples.
Julie Buxbaum, Tell Me Three Things|Too late, too late, your love gave me life. Here am I the creature you made through your loving; by your passion you created the thing that I am. Who are you to deny me the right to love? But for you I need never have known existence.
Wilkie Collins, The Moonstone|Did you fall asleep?""No. I couldn't sleep that night.""You were restless?""I was thinking of you."The answer almost unmanned me. Something in the tone, even more than in the words, went straight to my heart. It was only after pausing a little first that I was able to go on.
Ian McEwan, Saturday|What connexion can there be, between the place in Lincolnshire, the house in town, the Mercury in powder, and the whereabout of Jo the outlaw with the broom, who had that distant ray of light upon him when he swept the churchyard-step? What connexion can there have been between many people in the innumerable histories of this world, who, from opposite sides of great gulfs, have, nevertheless, been very curiously brought together!
Bess Streeter Aldrich, A Lantern in Her Hand|Small wonder that love would break under circumstances like these. Standing there in the soddie door, she seemed two personalities. One argued bitterly that it was impossible for love to keep going when there was no hope for the future, suggested that there was no use trying to keep it going. The other said sternly that marriage was not the fulfillment of a passion, - marriage was the fulfillment of love. And love was sometimes pleasure and sometimes duty.
Bryce Harper|That's the Indian in me - you must put spices on everything. As a kid, whenever we got sick, my mom would take milk and put turmeric in it. That was our medicine. That was the cure-all. Some people turn to Robitussin.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|In terms of days and moments lived, you’ll never again be as young as you are right now, so spend this day, the youth of your future, in a way that deflects regret. Invest in yourself. Have some fun. Do something important. Love somebody extra. In one sense, you’re just a kid, but a kid with enough years on her to know that every day is priceless. (418)
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The good don't masquerade their goodness, they just are.
Wayne Dyer|Through prayer, fasting, and studying, God will answer.
Kawhi Leonard|When radium was discovered, no one knew that it would prove useful in hospitals. The work was one of pure science. And this is a proof that scientific work must not be considered from the point of view of the direct usefulness of it.
Lytton Strachey|Then somebody suggested I should write about the war, and I said I didn't know anything about the war. I did not understand anything about it. I didn't see how I could write it.
Cesar Chavez|With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
Jacob Nordby|The great mission of our day is not conquering the sea or space, disease or tyranny. The grand quest which calls to the hero in every one of us is to become fully alive--to stand up and claim our birthright, which is inner freedom, love and radiant purpose. By fulfilling this, we transform the world.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|This was the simple happiness of complete harmony with her surroundings, the happiness that asks for nothing, that just accepts, just breathes, just is.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Those who succeed after a rare opportunity, only succeed on the back of a plan they already had or one they craft and begin to pursue after receiving the windfall.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|The criminals who, in the face of contumely, hatred or violence, have led the world to a higher standard and brought humanity to a diviner order, have so loved truth and righteousness as to defy the law, and in every age these men have met the life of outcasts, and the death of felons. Whatever may be said of the necessity of government to protect itself, no one can believe that any human being merits punishment for following his own highest ideal. Punishment can only be in any wise defended upon the theory that the individual is untrue to himself, that his heart is bad. But all schemes of human punishment seem specially contrived to exempt this class of men. Those who are untrue to themselves find no difficulty in obeying the state, or at least in seeming to be subservient to its laws. The cunning man without strong convictions of right and wrong can always find ample room to operate his trade inside the dead line the law lays down. Even Blackstone wrote that a man who governed his conduct solely by the law was neither an honest man nor a good citizen. The penal code cannot pretend to cover all the vicious acts of men. If there is a distinction between vicious acts and righteous acts, each are so numerous that even to catalogue them would be beyond the power of the state.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|...only the philosophical question is perennial, not the answers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Safety is not a destination that we reach for, rather it is a retreat that we escape to. And if our lives are marked by the incessant search for safety, we will live the whole of it going in reverse.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|You know what’s so funny and sad about us human beings? . . . We are constantly torn between the all-consuming desire to be loved and the terrifying fear of being known. Deep inside we don’t believe the two things can exist together, that if anyone really knew us, they would surely never love us, so we spend our whole lives concocting this wonderful, plastic shell that we fight like madmen to keep pristine. But eventually the plastic cracks and what is inside is a raw, quivering mass of imperfect humanity that has always been lovely and precious enough for God Himself to love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Woe to you experts in the law, because you have taken away the key to knowledge. You yourselves have not entered, and you have hindered those who were entering."Luke 11:52
Alfred Hayes, In Love|Don’t you ever let another put their hands on something that’s already yours, because you might end up breaking your own heart.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|God save us from seeing a Russian revolt, senseless and merciless. Those who plot impossible upheavals among us, are either young and do not know our people, or are hard-hearted men who do not care a straw either about their own lives or those of others.
Brian D. McLaren, The Great Spiritual Migration: How the World's Largest Religion Is Seeking a Better Way to Be Christian|If enough individuals are full of despair and anger in their hearts, there will be violence in the streets. If enough individuals are full of greed and fear in their hearts, there will be racism and oppression in society. You can't remove the external social symptoms without treating the corresponding internal personal diseases...Pope Francis draws our attention to the 'invisible thread' of the market, which he describes as 'the mentality of profit at any price, with no concern for social exclusion or the destruction of nature.' This mentality generates inequality, which in turn generates 'a violence which no police, military, or intelligence resources can control'...changed individuals cross racial, religious, ethnic, class or political boundaries to build friendships. These friendship work like sutures, healing wounds in the social fabric. They 'humanize the other,' making it harder for groups to stereotype or scapegoat. They create little zones where the beloved community is manifest...They help people envision the common good--a situation where all are safe, free, and able to thrive. As my friend Shane Claiborne says, our problem isn't that rich people don't care about poor people; it's that all too often, rich people don't know any poor people. Knowing one another makes interpersonal change and reconciliation possible. (p. 167-168)
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|The truth is not always what you see. It is about what you actually want to see. You cannot let go your whole life based on truth. Because, sometimes, it is a lie that we count on for our togetherness.And when I said that I do not need you, I actually wanted to keep us together, with that lie.
