Deborah Ainslie, All Flowers Are Not Yellow|Let's teach that loving isn't always loving. Like when you loved the hamster so much that it died. Some adults do that too. Too much, the wrong way. These are 'Stay away' zones on your body. These are 'Stay away' people. You don't have to obey all adults. Not even parents. Disagree respectfully. Run, if you need. Shout, if you need. Adults can be bad too.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|I killed four flies while waiting. Damn, death was everywhere. Man, bird, beast, reptile, rodent, insect, fish didn't have a chance. The fix was in. I didn't know what to do about it. I got depressed. You know, I see a boy at the supermarket, he's packing my groceries, then I see him sticking himself into his own grave along with the toilet paper, the beer and the chicken breasts.
William F. Buckley, Jr.|Forget artificial intelligence - in the brave new world of big data, it's artificial idiocy we should be looking out for.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|Dreams are stories made by and for the dreamer, and each dreamer has his own folds to open and knots to untie.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|If you believe that you're doing will positive results, it will - even if it's not immediately obvious.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Part of the apparently conventional nature of our relationships is the threat of separation and death. This body dies. That body dies. We can rejuvenate, feel better, live longer, but, even so, in this world everybody dies. That is why we do spiritual practice, because we are conscious of the destiny of our separation. We are willing to fulfill the law of love, but on the other hand what we love dies. That is why this is one of the realms of suffering. This world is not a heaven. This is not a place of fulfillment. Thus, we must yield to the true Condition. We must not become dependent upon the conventional aspect of our relations. We must recognize our relations. We must identify with the Condition of the loved one.You must become established in the real Condition, or you will never be satisfied. You will be driven to all kinds of preoccupations and great schemes, trying to become victorious or immortal, for immortality's own sake, simply because you cannot deal with the fact of death. But death is an absolute message in this realm. It obligates us to recognize or identify one another in Truth, and we are not relieved of that obligation in this place.
Stefan Emunds|Business is win-win, everything else shades into crime.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Other people are, as a rule, so immaterial to us that, when we have entrusted to any one of them the power to cause so much suffering or happiness to ourselves, that person seems at once to belong to a different universe, is surrounded with poetry, makes of our lives a vast expanse, quick with sensation, on which that person and ourselves are ever more or less in contact.
Christopher Boucher, How to Keep Your Volkswagen Alive: A Novel|How to read this book:Even after I was told my father was dead, I believed (I still believe) that I could fix everything- that if I logged enough miles in my VW and kept telling stories through the countless dead ends and breakdowns, I could undo the terrible tree events…not that I should have expected to with this particular power, which is incomplete (as I was forced to sell a few stories and procedures for time-of-money), full of holes. Sure, the book turns on, lights up; its fans whirr and the bookengine crunches. But some of the pages are completely blank; others hang by a thread. the book’s transmission is shot, too, so don’t’ be surprised if the book slips from one version to the next as you’re reading .Finally, the thermostat’s misked, so you should expect sudden changes in temperature, the pages might get cold, or it may begin to snow between paragraphs, or you may turn the page and get hit with a faceful of rain or blinding beams of sunlight.So go ahead. Do it-open the book. See? You see me, right? And I see you. See? I am reading your face, your eyes, your lips. I know the sufferdust on your brow. I can see you reading, and I can tell, too, when you are here, when you are absent, what you’ve read and how it affects you. There is no more hiding. I see your chords- your fratures, your cold gifts, where and when you’ve hurt people…your stories are written right there on your face!
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything. "Hey Cass, "I'd say, "hand me that toothpaste." "Caitlin," she'd say, her voice dark and serious. "I can't hand you the toothpaste. But I CAN help you hand the toothpaste to yourself.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|I’m sure there are people who are content to run errands and report for work on time and wait, with an enlivening eagerness, for the lunch bell. I wish them well. They have, however, never been the subjects of novels, and in all likelihood, will never be.
Brian Clevinger, Atomic Robo and the Shadow from Beyond Time|I really need to restructure my life so I can spend more time reading abstracts and less time punching dinosaurs."- Atomic Robo
Samantha Whitney|He lifted his head, the sight of his dark, disheveled hair, eyes glinting with longing in the lamp light, the gorgeous spread of his shoulders, tapering down to the narrow thrust of his hips, made my ovaries ache deep in my belly.
George R.R. Martin|We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.
Lisa Ling|I don't really believe in diets. I love food... If I deprive myself, I'm going to want it more. I snack on yogurt, raw cashews and cherry tomatoes.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|The speaker instructs his audience to cheer wildly at the word tomorrow -- then forgot. When he used the word building toward the climax of his presentation, he was so started he fell off the stage.
Kiran Shaikh|I realized during some of the darkest moments of my life, that the most beautiful and precious happiness in the world is the Joy of Giving.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Memories aren't stored in the heart or the head or even the soul, if you ask me, but in the spaces between any given two people.
Debasish Mridha|When the heart hurts, tears find their way.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Sometimes, Gansey forgot how much he liked school and how good he was at it. But he couldn't forget it on mornings like this one—fall fog rising out of the fields and lifting in front of the mountains, the Pig running cool and loud, Ronan climbing out of the passenger seat and knocking knuckles on the roof with teeth flashing, dewy grass misting the black toes of his shoes, bag slung over his blazer, narrow-eyed Adam bumping fists as they met on the sidewalk, boys around them laughing and calling to one another, making space for the three of them because this had been a thing for so long: Gansey-Lynch-Parrish.
Jeff Olson, The Slight Edge: Secret to a Successful Life|As I began examining my successes and failures, what I gradually realized was that the very same activities that had rescued me from failure, that had carried me from the failure line up to the survival line, would also rescue me from average and carry me from the survival line to the success line-IF I WOULD JUST KEEP DOING THEM.
William Shakespeare|Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
Katha Pollitt, Pro: Reclaiming Abortion Rights|Why must the woman apologize for not having a baby just because she happened to get pregnant? It's as if we think motherhood is the default setting for a woman's life from first period to menopause, and she needs a note from God not to say yes to every zygote that knocks on her door.
Junius|If there existed no external means for dimming their consciences, one-half of the men would at once shoot themselves, because to live contrary to one's reason is a most intolerable state, and all men of our time are in such a state.
Noah Webster|Tyranny is the exercise of some power over a man, which is not warranted by law, or necessary for the public safety. A people can never be deprived of their liberties, while they retain in their own hands, a power sufficient to any other power in the state.
Lionel Suggs|Learn how to think a few moves ahead at once. In life, if you can anticipate the human mind, you can anticipate all possible futures.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|You will not find it in the words of poets or the longing eyes of sailors. If you want to know of love, look to a trouper's hands as he makes his music. A trouper knows.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|By nature, that mind is easily fooled by supernatural mysticism. It is extremely gullible. And no matter how much we the civilized human beings advance in the fields of modern sciences, there is always a part of us, that tries to allure us with magical nonsense, because that nonsense has been with us since the birth of humanity.
Rosalind Franklin|Science and everyday life cannot and should not be separated. Science, for me, gives a partial explanation of life ... I do not accept your definition of faith i.e. belief in life after death ... Your faith rests on the future of yourself and others as individuals, mine in the future and fate of our successors. It seems to me that yours is the more selfish ... [as to] the question of a creator. A creator of what? ... I see no reason to believe that a creator of protoplasm or primeval matter, if such there be, has any reason to be interested in our insignificant race in a tiny corner of the universe.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Christ, would you look at that shite? Supes an' religion, the two worst things on the planet.
Frank Puglisi|Life is like a road, It has highways and detours.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|There are only so many of us born at a time and we are thrown into the world to find each other, to find the other ones who don't think you're strange, who understand your jokes, your smile, the way you talk.There are only so many of us born at a time and we only have so long to find each other before we die.But we have to try.
Enock Maregesi|Novelists and the literary world play an important part in shaping languages. The Swahili they write influence the readers and their languages. The literary obstacle in Tanzania is not that people do not read, but that they don’t read because there are no interesting writers.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|In the absence of love, we began slowly but surely to fall apart.
Ajay Chandan|Unfortunately, some churches are now so worried about being arrogant and unbending like certain other Christians that they fail to stand for anything at all. They hang question marks over all the major doctrines of the faith or throw them out entirely. Bit by bit, they lose the things that set them apart as Christians.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Every day, in which you exist on earth, be filled with deep gratitude.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The student asked the master,“Teacher, what should I do to become great?”the master replied:Succeed where others have failed.
David Foster Wallace|Really good fiction could have as dark a worldview as it wished, but it'd find a way both to depict this world and to illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human i
Lorraine Hansberry, To Be Young, Gifted, and Black: An Informal Autobiography|We still and always want waking. We should amass half dressed in long lines like tribesmen and shake gourds at each other, to wake up; instead we watch television and miss the show.
Danzy Senna, Caucasia|The point of diversity workshops, or multicultural talks, was not to inspire any real change but to leave people feeling good about themselves. They did not want the content of her ideas; they merely wanted the gesture of her presence. They had not read her blog but they had heard that she was a “leading blogger” about race.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|History was once rewritten by the victors. Now we write our own immutable histories with every email, text, and post.
Jess C. Scott, The Other Side of Life|Nin knew how much humans loved money, riches, and material things—though he never really could understand why. The more technologically advanced the human species got, the more isolated they seemed to become, at the same time. It was alarming, how humans could spend entire lifetimes engaged in all kinds of activities, without getting any closer to knowing who they really were, inside.
Daniel Waterman, Entheogens, Society and Law: The Politics of Consciousness, Autonomy and Responsibility|A system of justice does not need to pursue retribution. If the purpose of drug sentencing is to prevent harm, all we need to do is decide what to do with people who pose a genuine risk to society or cause tangible harm. There are perfectly rational ways of doing this; in fact, most societies already pursue such policies with respect to alcohol: we leave people free to drink and get inebriated, but set limits on where and when. In general, we prosecute drunk drivers, not inebriated pedestrians.In this sense, the justice system is in many respects a battleground between moral ideas and evidence concerning how to most effectively promote both individual and societal interests, liberty, health, happiness and wellbeing. Severely compromising this system, insofar as it serves to further these ideals, is our vacillation or obsession with moral responsibility, which is, in the broadest sense, an attempt to isolate the subjective element of human choice, an exercise that all too readily deteriorates into blaming and scapegoating without providing effective solutions to the actual problem. The problem with the question of moral responsibility is that it is inherently subjective and involves conjecture about an individuals’ state of mind, awareness and ability to act that can rarely if ever be proved. Thus it involves precisely the same type of conjecture that characterizes superstitious notions of possession and the influence of the devil and provides no effective means of managing conduct: the individual convicted for an offence or crime considered morally wrong is convicted based on a series of hypotheses and probabilities and not necessarily because he or she is actually morally wrong. The fairness and effectiveness of a system of justice based on such hypotheses is highly questionable particularly as a basis for preventing or reducing drug use related harm. For example, with respect to drugs, the system quite obviously fails as a deterrent and the system is not organised to ‘reform’ the offender much less to ensure that he or she has ‘learned a lesson’; moreover, the offender does not get an opportunity to make amends or even have a conversation with the alleged victim. In the case of retributive justice, the justice system is effectively mopping up after the fact. In other words, as far as deterrence is concerned, the entire exercise of justice becomes an exercise based on faith, rather than one based on evidence.
Stacie Evans, Crying Bloody Murder|Rushing out the door on his way back to the street, he ran into someone with his shoulder. Turning to apologize to them, he stopped, horrified at what he saw.It was the white-eyed man he’d met a week ago.	“Watch your back.” He said standing there just long enough for Raven to take in the meat between his teeth, the milky, nearly opaque color of his eyes and the madness within them. Then, after only a few seconds, he was gone, vanished into the crowd as if he had never existed.	Certain his mind was playing tricks and tired of being terrified for his sanity, he headed down the street as fast as he could in pursuit. As he rushed through the tightly packed crowd, he saw others like the man he’d just seen, and each of their white eyes gazed blankly into his. A woman here, a hunched drifter there, shapes and faces that shifted and darted all around him. “Watch your back.” They hissed, and he tried to move faster, his heart racing and the nerves of his body jangling painfully with fear as he fought to get beyond them.	Hands reached out for his clothes, pulling him in different directions as they tugged and he struggled to be free. Their fingers felt like talons clasped into the folds and gaps of his clothing, ripping and popping stitches in their fervor to gain some small grasp on his flesh beneath his jacket. Along with the horror of their cold, dead eyes, he could smell some strangeness—a sickly sweet smell of rot and decay only barely closeted by preserving fluids. The smell dug into his sinuses as their fingers and hands dug at him. He gagged, his teeth clenched tight as he exerted energy he didn’t really have. He pushed away from them and on through the empty space he saw at the end of this group of pedestrians. Many of whom mingled with what he now felt must be the dead, wholly unaware of why he flailed and pushed against them.
Millosh Gjergj Nikolla (Migjeni), Free Verse|Broken MelodyBroken melody — tear sparkling in the eyeOf a woman loved…Please past,Jewel lost,A trampled dreamLips unkissedIn the broken melody.With silent sobs the naked shoulders shake,Their whiteness dazzling…Stabbed, stabbed with remorseFor the moments of mindlessness,For her ruined fate,For the happiness lostIn the broken melody.Face hidden in her hands in shame,Remorsefully the woman weeps,With heart despairing(A broken guitar,A voice stifledOn lips kissed by painIn the broken melody).Silent he stands beside the woman weepingScolding tears of shameThat dim her eyes.Some money on the table quickly laysAnd goes away,Leaving the woman lostIn the broken melody.But when another comes, lust mounts again,The heated bloodPounds furiously through the veins,Benumbing mind… and only gaspsAnd grants are heardIn the horrid melody.(Translated by R.Elsie)
Daniel Kahneman|There is a tidal wave of ignorance, Mma Ramotswe. It is a great tidal wave and it will drown all of us if we are not careful.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|Great feuds often need very few words to resolve them. Disputes, even between nations, between peoples, can be set to rest with simple acts of contrition and corresponding forgiveness, can so often be shown to be based on nothing much other than pride and misunderstanding, and the forgetting of the humanity of the other—and land, of course.
Joe Abercrombie, Before They Are Hanged|Strange, isn't it,' mused Glokta as he watched him struggle for air. 'Big men, small men, thin men, fat men, clever men, stupid men, they all respond the same to a fist in the guts. One minute you think you're the most powerful man in the world. The next you can't even breathe by yourself.
Virginia Woolf|Your image has receded till it is like the thinnest shadow of the old moon... a thin silver edge appeared, and now you hang like a sickle over my life.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|It's strange how money seems to silence a neighborhood," I say quietly. "On my street, where no one has money, it's so loud. Sirens blaring, people shouting, car doors slamming, stereos thumping. There's always someone, somewhere, making noise.
Kamand Kojouri|Don’t you ever dare judge, for who among us can say that when the devil himself offered us a deal, we refused?
Grace Willows, Lap Dancing|The flowers are for the woman I glimpsed for just a moment the other night before she ran away with tears brimming in her eyes." His eyes drifted over the becoming blush of her cheeks, wondering why it was suddenly there. "That's the woman I see when I look at you. That's the woman I want to get to know tonight. Do you think she might be joining us?
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|A housewife's work has no results: it simply has to be done again. Bringing up children is not a real occupation, because children come up just the same, brought up or not.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|How could I admit that the All-American Girl's force field of stoicism and self-reliance and do-unto-others-and-keep-smiling wasn't working, wasn't keeping pain and shame and powerlessness away? From a young age I had learned to get over - to cover my tracks emotionally, to hide or ignore my problems in the belief that they were mine alone to solve. So when exhilarating transgressions required getting over on authority figures, I knew how to do it. I was a great bluffer. And when common, everyday survival in prison required getting over, I could do that too. This is what was approvingly described by my fellow prisoners as 'street-smarts,' as in 'You wouldn't think it to look at her, but Piper's got street-smarts.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|They're butterflies because...well, he thought it was cool. They eat humans.
Dave Eggers, Your Fathers, Where Are They? And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever?|You overcome a problem, not by solving it, but by becoming bigger than the problem.
John Sergeant Wise|Anyone who thinks that the vice-president can take a position independent of the president of his administration simply has no knowledge of politics or government. You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|What do you mean, 'Angle of Repose?' she asked me when I dreamed we were talking about Grandmother's life, and I said it was the angle at which a man or woman finally lies down. I suppose it is; and yet ... I thought when I began, and still think, that there was another angle in all those years when she was growing old and older and very old, and Grandfather was matching her year for year, a separate line that did not intersect with hers. They were vertical people, they lived by pride, and it is only by the ocular illusion of perspective that they can be said to have met. But he had not been dead two months when she lay down and died too, and that may indicate that at that absolute vanishing point they did intersect. They had intersected for years, for more than he especially would ever admit.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash|The key to failure is, lack of self discipline.
Kristie LeVangie|I love clean sheets. It's the simultaneous reminiscence of how they got dirtied to begin with, and hopeful anticipation of what stories they will live to tell next time you are standing fatefully in front of the washing machine.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|In short, he felt himself to be in love in the right place, and was ready to endure a great deal of predominance, which, after all, a man could always put down when he liked. Sir James had no idea that he should ever like to put down the predominance of this handsome girl, in whose cleverness he delighted. Why not? A man's mind–what there is of it–has always the advantage of being masculine,–as the smallest birch-tree is of a higher kind than the most soaring palm,–and even his ignorance is of a sounder quality. Sir James might not have originated this estimate, but a kind Providence furnishes the limpest personality with a little gum or starch in the form of tradition.
Richie Norton|The bigger the mess, the greater the progress.
Eli Roth|Corruption, the greatest single bane of our society today.
Steve Keen|...If you look at mainstream economics there are three things you will not find in a mainstream economic model - Banks, Debt, and Money. How anybody can think they can analyze capital while leaving out Banks, Debt, and Money is a bit to me like an ornithologist trying to work out how a bird flies whilst ignoring that the bird has wings...
Kenn Bivins, the Wedding & Disaster of Felona Mabel|When someone hates you, send them flowers.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|They’d fallen into their old ways, accusatory and evasive, which was reassuring in a perverted way. Leo understood the nasty pull of the regrettable familiar, how the old grooves could be so much more satisfying than the looming unknown. It’s addicts stayed addicts.
Katy Perry|I've fallen in love with you," he whispered to kiss the top of my hand.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sometimes we realize that we are like facebook ,people using us for themselves , meeting each other via us , all credit going to the owner , even no one talking about us ,just using US .
Sharanya Haridas|Modernity is kind of a tradition and tradition itself is not a rulebook. It's a dialogue and a dialectical process— just as tradition affects us, we too affect tradition and culture, and we change it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|it is the general rule of the moral universe that those men prosper who do their work with all their hearts, while those are almost certain to fail who go to their labour leaving half their hearts behind them.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
Unarine Ramaru|Transforming Moment" yes I got it. I Committed. I Tried. I Executed. I Failed. I Motivated. I Succeed.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge|Esteem for the army - never in this country regarded, in the continental manner, as a popular expression of the national will - implies a kind of innocence.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|You're what I've been looking for my whole life, and if you let me, I'll love you for the rest of yours.
Chandan Sharma|She wanted to live, and live fully, and to give life, she who loved life! What was the good of existing, if you couldn't give yourself?
Rand Paul|As for 'Independence Day,' we never intended to do any films in that series beyond the first one.
Deyth Banger|All the stories live in our bodies, he thinks. Every last one.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|Perhaps we all have a face behind a face…Good and the bad, happy and sad, sane and insane. We all have an angel and the stranger and we all have the choice!
Michelle M. Pillow|Only when one is connected to one's inner core is one connected to others. And, for me, the core, the inner spring, can best be re-found through solitude.
Craig Venter|For an object under the eye will appear very different from the same object placed above it; in an inclosed space, very different from the same in an open space.
Tamiki Wakaki|Posterity will never hear of you. You will be lifted clean out from the stream of history. We shall turn you into gas and pour you into the stratosphere. Nothing will remain of you; not a name in a register, not a memory in a living brain. You will be annihilated in the past as well as in the future. You will never have existed.
Ann Everett|I feel like I've been ironing all day in high heels and no brassiere. ~Tizzy Donovan, Laid Out and Candle Lit
Shelley Hennig|I love my mom so much, and I always have, but I was definitely a monster to her a lot during my teen years.
Mani S. Sivasubramanian, How To Focus - Stop Procrastinating, Improve Your Concentration & Get Things Done - Easily!|Since joining the National Park Service fourteen years ago, Anna had worked every Fourth of July. ... Winding her way through the masses, trying not to get her fragile frame jostled, she realized she preferred it that way. Working on holidays, one wasn't required to have fun. There was no pressure, no disappointments. And she usually had a wonderful time.
Jerod Mankin|Here I am at these crossroads again,wondering what will never become of me.Now and then, I'll take one on the chin.Because I wear my heart upon my sleeve.
Kourtney Kardashian|We always say we are a brand for our fans because through social media we're so lucky to see what people are asking us for, what they're looking for, and so we really design what we like but also take our fans in mind.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|And still the strange meaningless conversations continue, and I wonder more and more at the fabric which nets the world together, so that anything which I do finally incubate out of my system into words will quite certainly be about solitude. Solitude and the desirability of it, if one is to achieve anything like continuity in life, is the one idea I find in the resounding vacancy which is my head.
Zoe Trope, Please Don't Kill the Freshman|Besides, I always feel safer when I've got words against my heart.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Face me and learn that I’m not alone, attack and you’ll find that my Leader stands beside me. I will bleed and I may die, but this warrior will not be shaken!” -Regan
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Love. The simplest and most complicated concept in life. You crave it, you fear it, you fight for it, you live for it, you might even be willing to die for it. It’s a mystery, a gift and an honor. To give and to receive. To give is to receive.
Doris Wild Helmering|A friend drops their plans when you're in trouble, shares joy in your accomplishments, feels sad when you're in pain. A friend encourages your dreams and offers advice--but when you don't follow it, they still respect and love you.
J.S.B. Morse, Gods of Ruin: A Political Thriller|I may be Anti-Big Government, but only because I am Pro-Human.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|It appeals to the higher nature of the self to put aside food which once lived - I do not consider myself food, why should I ask all other creatures to consider themselves so?
Hilary Mantel|The thing people don't understand about an army is its great, unpunctuated wastes of inaction: you have to scavenge for food, you are camped out somewhere with a rising water level because your mad capitaine says so, you are shifted abruptly in the middle of the night into some indefensible position, so you never really sleep, your equipment is defective, the gunners keep causing small unwanted explosions, the crossbowmen are either drunk or praying, the arrows are ordered up but not here yet, and your whole mind is occupied by a seething anxiety that things are going to go badly because il principe, or whatever little worshipfulness is in charge today, is not very good at the basic business of thinking. It didn't take him many winters to get out of fighting and into supply. In Italy, you could always fight in the summer, if you felt like it. If you wanted to go out.
Julia Restoin Roitfeld|My dad would call me his Cuban princess because I had really dark olive skin because I was always in the sun; but I don't really go in the sun anymore, so that is why I am so white.
John Locke, A Letter Concerning Toleration: Humbly Submitted|When you judge yourself for needing help, you judge those you are helping. When you attach value to giving help, you attach value to needing help.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|And yet, there will always be something essentially elsewhere about New York. It is a place that people come to precisely because it doesn't ever fully offer itself. It's intoxicating. Keeps you on your toes. Keeps you drinking coffee and keeps you walking.
Jennifer Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Sometimes the magic of life is beyond thought. It's the sparkle of intuition, of bringing your own personal energy into your music.
Sam Harris|In the year 2006, a person can have sufficient intellectual and material resources to build a nuclear bomb and still believe that he will get seventy-two virgins in Paradise.
Anthony Strong, Chemistry for Beginners|Sex and love – I have only just realised how very different they are. Sex says spread your seed as widely as possible. Love says put all your eggs in one special basket. Sex says me, me, me: love says you, you, you. Sex says muscle in on all the best-looking genes you can find. Love says search for that one unforgettable face. Sex says move on, find someone new. Love says don’t let anyone or anything take her away. Sex, you see, is biology. But love is chemistry.
Stevie Smith, Novel on Yellow Paper|But human beings must suffer, and must make suffering for themselves, and beat themselves up into spiritual frenzies, and oh death and desolation, and oh night space and horror, and oh keep my dream from me. And how very splendid it is that we can do all this to ourselves and have such a splendid and really ingenious gift for inflicting suffering upon ourselves. For suffering and strain are the gauge of life, and who wishes to live like a vegetable?But sometimes suffering measures life and ends it. And then it is not good at all. And between two people without knowing it a love may grow up, and a link may form, and no one knows or guesses.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|Bearing witness from the sides of the room, ten or more lepers shouted at the bizarre scene, “Diable! Diable!” And then chants of some sort, or prayers, followed by more shouts of “Diable!” They were hurling these words at Moreau like stones.
Rosanne Lombardo Heaton, TIME Heals|You only live once this time around ... have no fear, take every chance, live, laugh, love.
Fritz Leiber, Heroes and Horrors|Why should not a writer be permitted to make use of the levers of fear, terror and horror because some feeble soul here and there finds it more than it can bear? Shall there be no strong meat at table because there happen to be some guests there whose stomachs are weak, or who have spoiled their own digestions?
Kate Bornstein S. Bear Bergman|Many things shaped my identity as a young boy: a strong selfworth (something that was instilled in all three Barrowman siblings by our parents), my immersion in theatre and music, and my DNA. I was born gay. It's not a choice I – or anyone else who is gay – made. If it were, why on earth would anyone choose to be part of a minority, part of a group that in so many cultures and countries, even in the twenty-first century, is regularly blasphemed, hounded and worse?
Joe Hill, Horns|I liked AC/DC," Lee said. "If you were going to shoot someone, you'd really want to do it while you were listening to them.""What about the Beatles? Did you feel like shooting anyone listening to them?"Lee considered seriously for a moment, then said, "Myself."At the same time he was laughing, Ig was distressed. Not liking the Beatles was almost as bad as not knowing about them at all.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You're like candy. People lick your knowledge to become wise, lick your words from your powerful mouth and say it even better than you. Lick each step you make and stay on a good track, and once you're dead, the lickers scavenge for another intellectual candy.
Jenny Han|It's a known fact, that in life, you can't have everyhing. In my heart, I knew that I loved them both as much as it is possible to love two people at the same time. Conrad and I were linked, we would always be linked. That wasn't something I could do away with. And I know that now--that love isn't something you can erase--no matter how hard you try.
Molly McAdams, Stealing Harper|Live, Princess, for me. I love You
Lori Cash Richards, Letting the Upside In: Discovering the code that grants us access to the extraordinary treasures contained within our hearts|When we think of fear as an acronym meant to support us, we find that fear itself has genius, magic and power in it. We can use any fear that we feel to our advantage in the moment by remembering what FEAR really is: Forgetting Everything is All Right.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|The LanyardThe other day I was ricocheting slowlyoff the blue walls of this room,moving as if underwater from typewriter to piano,from bookshelf to an envelope lying on the floor,when I found myself in the L section of the dictionarywhere my eyes fell upon the word lanyard.No cookie nibbled by a French novelistcould send one into the past more suddenly—a past where I sat at a workbench at a campby a deep Adirondack lakelearning how to braid long thin plastic strips into a lanyard, a gift for my mother.I had never seen anyone use a lanyardor wear one, if that's what you did with them,but that did not keep me from crossing strand over strand again and againuntil I had made a boxy red and white lanyard for my mother.She gave me life and milk from her breasts,and I gave her a lanyard.She nursed me in many a sick room,lifted spoons of medicine to my lips, laid cold face-cloths on my forehead,and then led me out into the airy lightand taught me to walk and swim, and I , in turn, presented her with a lanyard.Here are thousands of meals, she said,and here is clothing and a good education.And here is your lanyard, I replied,which I made with a little help from a counselor.Here is a breathing body and a beating heart,strong legs, bones and teeth,and two clear eyes to read the world, she whispered,and here, I said, is the lanyard I made at camp.And here, I wish to say to her now,is a smaller gift—not the worn truththat you can never repay your mother,but the rueful admission that when she took the two-tone lanyard from my hand, I was as sure as a boy could bethat this useless, worthless thing I wove out of boredom would be enough to make us even.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You do not have an existence independent of your environment, but rather you are your environment, and your environment is you.
Anonymous|The smartest thing I ever said was  "Help Me!"
Rizky Adam Rifai|Don't make all of your sadness to be a miserable tragedy,Just forget it with your conscious heart and clear mind.
Toni Sorenson|No demon can withstand the power of Christ,” said my father, repeating the words he had used long ago, and what he meant was that no dissociated mind can withstand the integrating power of the Living God whose spark lies deep in the core of the unconscious mind and who can not only heal the shattered ego but unify the entire personality.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|She shocks the hell out of me when she asks, "Did you get engaged, Jade? She looks at me seriously. It's really hard for me not to just laugh hysterically in her face, but I refrain from doing so because I'm a good friend, and I realize that she's in distress. But her next question very nearly blows me away.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|pg.90 of Philosophy in the Flesh: We are basing our argument on the existence of at least three stable scientific findings--the embodied mind, the cognitive unconscious, and metaphorical thought. Just as the ideas of cells and DNA in biology are stable and not likely to be found to be mistakes, so we believe that there is more than enough converging evidence to establish at least these three results. Ironically, these scientific results challenge the classical philosophical view of scientific realism, a disembodied objective scientific realism that can be characterized by the following three claims:1. There is a world independent of our understanding of it.2. We can have stable knowledge of it.3. Our very concepts and forms of reason are characterized not by our bodies and brains, but by the external world in itself. It follows that scientific truths are not merely truths as we understand them, but absolute truths. Obiviously, we accept (1) and (2) and we believe that (2) applies to the three findings of cognitive science we are discussing on the basis of converging evidence. But those findings themselves contradict (3).
Steve Finley|In your 40s, you shed those who bring you down and surround yourself with the most positive people you know.
Marquis de Sade, Philosophy in the Boudoir or, The Immoral Mentors|To lie is always a necessity for women; above all when they choose to deceive, falsehood becomes vital to them.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If only you could see the greatness in yourself, you wouldn't envy the greatness in others.
Leonard Boswell|Illegal immigration is crisis for our country. It is an open door for drugs, criminals, and potential terrorists to enter our country. It is straining our economy, adding costs to our judicial, healthcare, and education systems.
Alan Lightman|Often times, "shame" is the word that best describes reality.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|At times, Melete continued, it had seemed to her that this fact was what had created this behavior. Her sense of reality, in other words, had created something outside itself that mocked and hated her. But as I say, she said, those thoughts belong to the world of religious sensibility, which has become in our times the language of neurosis.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays|All this gave way to my first encounter with guilt, which is still something entirely inscrutable to me, as if aliens were sending transmissions from another planet, telling me there is a right and a wrong in the universe.
|Give your life the gift of unconditional happiness. You are too special to be anything but happy. You truly deserve it, and it is absolutely free.
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|Let me first state forthright that contrary to what we've often read in books and heard from preachers, when you are a woman, you don't feel like the Devil. 
Joseph Bathanti, This Metal|Our favorite games were killing.Our favorite books were death.It had been beaten into us:God is love.Not the parched face and gnarledcapes across a stick body; jitteringin the nude sky, we couldn't seetrying to touch usfor the blood in our eyes.
Shoshannah Stern|Just open, honest communication is the best thing in the world.
Regina Brett|It's really hard to smile when you play. As a performer, if I ever find myself focusing, it's like, 'Oh no - orchestra face!' It's not attractive at all, so I have to focus on smiling.
Mircea Eliade, Ordeal by Labyrinth: Conversations with Claude-Henri Rocquet|The crises of modern man are to a large extent religious ones, insofar as they are an awakening of his awareness to an absence of meaning.
Washington Irving|Sadists of Mlle Vinteuil's sort are creatures so purely sentimental, so naturally virtuous, that even sensual pleasure appears to them as something bad, the prerogative of the wicked. And when they allow themselves for a moment to enjoy it they endeavour to impersonate, to identify with, the wicked, and to make their partners do likewise, in order to gain the momentary illusion of having escaped beyond the control of their own gentle and scrupulous natures into the inhuman world of pleasure.
فروغ فرخزاد|...so much attention is paid to the aggressive sins, such as violence and cruelty, and greed with all their tragic effects, that too little attention is paid to the passive sins, such as apathy and laziness, which in the long run can have a more devastating and destructive effect upon society than the others.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Don't worry— 	you see,  to some you are magic.
Asa Don Brown|As fathers, we should have a desire to be active participants in our children’s lives.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Positive words come from positive thoughts. It implies, when you open your mouth to talk for people to listen, you have opened your mind for them to read. Think positively; talk positively!
Paul Sheehan|Travellers understand, instinctively and by experience, that travel and adventure change and elongate time, even while navigating the deadlines of airline and train departures.
Al Gore|China has led the world in new tree planting; in fact, over the last several years, China has planted 40 percent as many tress as the rest of the world put together. Since 1981, all citizens of China older than age eleven (and younger than sixty) have been formally required to plant at least three trees per year. To date, China has planted approximately 100 million acres of new tress. Following China, the countries with the largest net gains in tress include the U.S., India, Vietnam, and Spain.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|For, thought Ahab, while even the highest earthly felicities ever have a certain unsignifying pettiness lurking in them, but, at bottom, all heartwoes, a mystic significance, and, in some men, an archangelic grandeur; so do their diligent tracings-out not belie the obvious deduction. To trail the genealogies of these high mortal miseries, carries us at last among the sourceless primogenitures of the gods; so that, in the face of all the glad, hay-making suns, and soft-cymballing, round harvest-moons, we must needs give in to this: that the gods themselves are not for ever glad. The ineffaceable, sad birthmark in the brow of man, is but the stamp of sorrow in the signers.
Maureen Johnson, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Life is about connection, not perfection.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|No one is entitled to anything. Everything we get in this life we have worked for. And sometimes we take on baggage we never even signed up for, but that dosen't mean you deserve it. I wake up everyday wishing I could change things, but I can't change past. All I can do is change the future.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|I tell you, families are definitely the training ground for forgiveness.
Billy Sunday|I built the business exactly the way my mother built and ran her family. I wanted a replication of the big, happy family I grew up in. I wanted happy people having fun.
Donald Harington, The Architecture of the Arkansas Ozarks|Provided that nothing like useful knowledge could be gained from them, provided they were all story and no reflection, she had never any objection to books at all.
John Flavel, The Mystery of Providence|Providence is wiser than you, and you may be confident it has suited all things better to your eternal good than you could do had you been left to your own option.
Yukio Mishima, Sun and Steel|Only through the group, I realised — through sharing the suffering of the group — could the body reach that height of existence that the individual alone could never attain. And for the body to reach that level at which the divine might be glimpsed, a dissolution of individuality was necessary. The tragic quality of the group was also necessary, the quality that constantly raised the group out of the abandon and torpor into which it was prone to lapse, leading it to an ever-mounting shared suffering and so to death, which was the ultimate suffering. The group must be open to death — which meant, of course, that it must be a community of warriors.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is full of lessons; learn the lessons in life you meet each moment of time well! So many people meet the same things in life time after time, because they fail to know, understand and take real lessons from the same things they always meet time and time again! Day by day, make a consistent effort to improve yourself. Day by day, take consistent steps in wit to avoid doing the same thing that resulted in the same thing in the same way! Life is full of lessons; don’t forget to learn the lessons life teaches well, or else you shall leave each moment of your life learning the same life lessons!
John Hickenlooper|Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: Why Things Become Popular|If the creation is separated from the creator, the creation will die
Drew Myron, Thin Skin|Memory, when it juts, retreats, recovers, shows us how to hold the darkness, how to breathe.
Julie James, Suddenly One Summer|You told me men don’t do this.”“Do what?”She walked around the counter, speaking animatedly. “Two years ago. We were at Firelight, having drinks. Cade and I had split up and you said that men don’t mope around after a breakup. You said that men avoid issues, get drunk, and pick up a new girl to forget the old one—but that you don’t brood.”Ford held out his hands in disbelief. “How do you remember that? And I’m not brooding.”She folded her arms across her chest and looked at him.“I know you’re my friend,” he said. “But please, for once, can you just act like you have a penis?Because I don’t want to talk about this.”She shrugged. “Fine. We’ll just sit here and listen to music.” She reached for his phone again.“Have you heard Taylor Swift’s new song?”“No.”“Well, you’re going to—on endless repeat until you start talking.
Karen Quan, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|How many wishes do you think we can get out of this?" she asked, but I couldn't tear my eyes way from the sky."How many wishes do you need?""Three."That got my attention, and I turned my head to look at her, but she didn't look away from the sky."A penny for your thoughts?" I wanted to know."Just this once," she smiled, and closed her eyes. "Wish one; I get my dad out of prison. Wish two; Selene stays happy. Wish three..."She stopped."Wish three?" I prompted.She wouldn't look at me, but she squeezed my hand. "Wish three is that I stay with you."There was a lump in my throat, and I squeezed her hand as I looked back up at the sky."Star light, star bright, the many stars I see tonight, I wish I may, I wish I might, keep this girl for the rest of my life
Barack Obama|I'm inspired by the people I meet in my travels--hearing their stories, seeing the hardships they overcome, their fundamental optimism and decency. I'm inspired by the love people have for their children. And I'm inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart. They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better. And they make me want to be a better man.
Michael McClung, The Thief Who Pulled on Trouble's Braids|I feel obligated to tell you that adventures are, on a whole, stunningly bad ideas, best avoided at all costs.
J.V. Jones, A Cavern of Black Ice|She supposed it felt like freedom, if freedom was a fall into the unknown.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Herondales." Zachariah's voice was a breath, half laughter, half pain. "I had almost forgotten. No other family does so much for love, or feels so much guilt for it. Don't carry the weight of the world on you, Jace. It's too heavy for even a Herondale to bear.
Chili Davis|America's criminal justice system isn't known for rehabilitation. I'm not sure that, as a society, we are even interested in that concept anymore.
Rupi Kaur|I would give anything to sing like Beyonce or Adele. I've said many times to my friends that if I could sing like them, I would give up poetry and writing.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|As for my brothers," Zeus said, "we are thankful"-he cleared his throat like the words were hard to get out-"erm, thankful for the aid of Hades."The lord of the dead nodded. He had a smug look on his face, but I figure he'd earned the right. He patted his son Nico on the shoulders, and Nico looked happier than I'd ever seen him."And, of course," Zeus continued, though he looked like his pants were smoldering, "we must...um...thank Poseidon.""I'm sorry, brother," Poseidon said. "What was that?""We must thank Poseidon," Zeus growled. "Without whom . . . it would've been difficult-""Difficult?" Poseidon asked innocently."Impossible," Zeus said. "Impossible to defeat Typhon.
Derek Jeter|Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
Aryan Chitale|You are not supposed to ever like your responsibilities. If you avoid them, the consequences will get to you.
Artie Lange|I guarantee you, yoga will compete with computers, music, sports, automobiles, the drug industry. Yoga will take over the world!
Ellis Peters, One Corpse Too Many|So, wonder! I also wonder about you," said Cadfael mildly. "Do you know any human creatures who are not strangers, one to another?
Leonard Cohen, Beautiful Losers|Ah, grief makes us precise!
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To drive a woman away, tell her that you are unemployed. To bore her, tell her that you are single.
Anthony Liccione|Even in that difficult hour when he knew death was imminent, he never indulged in self-pity. He knew intuitively that a person is only a victim if he accepts himself as one.
Emily Rose Philips, Ember Eternal|Pete's a good guy.""He just slept with my mother!""I didn't say he was perfect.
Victoria Le Page|Somewhere beyond Tibet, among the icy peaks and secluded valleys of Central Asia, there lies an inaccessible paradise, a place of universal wisdom and ineffable peace called Shambhala . . . It is inhabited by adepts from every race and culture who form an inner circle of humanity secretly guiding its evolution.In that place, so the legends say, sages have existed since the beginning of human history in a valley of supreme beatitude that is sheltered from the icy arctic winds and where the climate is always warm and temperate, the sun always shines, the gentle airs are always beneficent and nature flowers luxuriantly.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal|Il était tard; ainsi qu'une médaille neuveLa pleine lune s'étalait,Et la solennité de la nuit, comme un fleuveSur Paris dormant ruisselait.
Hugh Coolican|If we can predict, then we have observed enough to know that what we are observing does not just happen randomly; we have noted a pattern of regularities.
David Levithan|It doesn't have to be on Valentine's Day. It doesn't have to be by the time you turn eighteen or thirty-three or fifty-nine. It doesn't have to conform to whatever is usual. It doesn't have to be kismet at once, or rhapsody by the third date.It just has to be. In time. In place. In spirit.It just has to be.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Ceres wanted a united front in the plant war.""The plant war," Percy said. "You're going to arm all the little grapes with tiny assault rifles?
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|In the modern world, however, love has another enemy more dangerous than religion, and that is the gospel of work and economic success. It is generally held, especially in America, that a man should not allow love to interfere with his career, and that if he does, he is silly. But in this as in all human matters a balance is necessary.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you want to be great, you must learn the secret of great men.
Nick Flynn, Another Bullshit Night in Suck City|Sometimes I'd see my father, walking past my building on his way to another nowhere. I could have given him a key, offered a piece of my floor. A futon. A bed. But I never did. If I let him inside I would become him, the line between us would blur, my own slow-motion car wreck would speed up. The slogan on the side of a moving company truck read TOGETHER WE ARE GOING PLACES--modified by a vandal or a disgruntled employee to read TOGETHER WE ARE GOING DOWN. If I went to the drowning man the drowning man would pull me under. I couldn't be his life raft.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|A cool white, wintry light glazed the buildings on the highest hill: Will’s memorial, the unsightly chimney from the hospital, the modernist cathedral in Clifton. The jumble of styles and eras lent the city the semblance of a medieval Roman town. Laura drove the long way round, up past the Clifton Suspension Bridge, strung like an a engineer’s dream over a river sinking into the mud. Leigh Woods was on the far side, the trees dark, bereft of leaves, clawing at the sky.
Silvina Ocampo, Thus Were Their Faces: Selected Short Stories|On the surface, there is no distinction between our experiences—some are vivid, others opaque; some are pleasant, others cause agony upon recollection—but there is no way of knowing which are dreams and which are reality.
Paul Horn|The phrase 'off with the crack of the bat', while romantic, is really meaningless, since the outfielder should be in motion long before he hears the sound of the ball meeting the bat.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Why the world remembers nothing of some certain people, the same world cannot forget some other people the reason is the difference in net worth they were able to build while on earth.
Kyle Idleman, AHA: The God Moment That Changes Everything|Just as a father hates cancer, because of what it does to his child, so God hates divorce, because of what it does to His children.
C.S. Lewis|It is no more possible for God than for the weakest of His creatures to carry out both of two mutually exclusive alternatives; not because His power meets an obstacle, but because nonsense remains nonsense even when we talk it about God.- The Problem of Pain, p. 18
Muhammad Ali|Great countries need to secure their border for national security purposes, for economic purposes and for rule of law purposes.
Elle A. Rose, Last Teardrop|I've never been in love, but if a penguin can find a soul mate, I'm sure I can, too.
David Mitchell, number9dream|Last night, lost in spaces between star—bays and lakes of clouds, I tossed and turned looking for you
Estelle|I looked at my mom and her life, and I thought, 'I don't want that.' I don't think my mom wanted it, either. I think my mom did want to be out there and have a career. She loved working. As soon as we were old enough to feed ourselves, she was out.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A wealth of knowledge is openly accessible in nature. Our ancestors knew this and embraced the natural cures found in the bosoms of the earth. Their classroom was nature. They studied the lessons to be learned from animals, knowing that much of human behavior can be explained by watching the wild beasts around us. Animals are constantly teaching us things about ourselves and the way of the universe, but most people are too blind to watch and listen.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|I guess we're all, or most of us, the wards of that nineteenth-century science which denied existence to anything it could not measure or explain. The things we couldn't explain went right on but surely not with our blessing. We did not see what we couldn't explain, and meanwhile a great part of the world was abandoned to children, insane people, fools, and mystics, who were more interested in what is than in why it is. So many old and lovely things are stored in the world's attic, because we don't want them around us and we don't dare throw them out.
Erich Fromm|Indeed, with the experience of self disappears the experience of identity - and when this happens, man could become insane if he did not save himself by acquiring a secondary sense of self; he does that by experiencing himself as being approved of, worthwhile, successful, useful - briefly, as a salable commodity which is he because he is looked upon by others as an entity, not unique but fitting into one of the current patterns.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|Missing Alina was worse than a terminal illness. At least when you were terminal you knew the pain was going to end eventually. But there was no light at the end of my tunnel. Grief was going to devour me, day into night, night into day, and although I might feel like I was dying from it, might even wish I was, I never would. I was going to have to walk around with a hole in my heart forever. I was going to hurt for my sister until the day I died. If you don't know what I mean or you think I'm being melodramatic, then you've never really loved anyone.
Megan Jayne Crabbe, Body Positive Power: How learning to love yourself will save your life|Yes, you may love them to death, but are they willing to love you to life?
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|Because personally I think mattering is a piss-poor idea. I just want to fly under the radar, because when you start to make yourself into a big deal, that’s when you get shot down. The bigger a deal you are, the worse your life is.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|The white man's god is just like the white man. He thinks he is the only god, just like the white man thinks he is the only man. But the only reason he is god instead of Nyame or Chukwu or whoever is because we let him be. We do not fight him. We do not even question him. The white man told us he was the way, and we said yes, but when has the white man ever told us something was good for us and tat thing was really good?
Suresh Raina|Anybody I'm dating, I don't want them to talk about my music. I don't talk about my music to them.
Diane Chamberlain, Necessary Lies|You and me," I said,"we both got the same kind of hurt inside us."She nodded, and suddenly, just like that, I knew I could trust her with my life.
Anthony M. Esolen, Ten Ways to Destroy the Imagination of Your Child|If we loved children, we would have a few. If we had them, we would want them as children, and would love the wonder with which they behold the world, and would hope some of it might open our eyes a little. We would love their games, and would want to play them once in a while, stirring in ourselves those memories of play that no one regrets, and that are almost the only things an old man can look back on with complete satisfaction. We would want children tagging along after us, or if not, then only because we would understand that they had better things to do.
Amit Kalantri|Author says he suffered from both "a craving to be famous" and "a horror of being known to like being known.
Mark Twain|I have held many things in my hands, and I have lost them all; but whatever I have placed in God's hands, that I still possess.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|I have never wanted a lover. In order to have a lover, I must go back to the root of the word. For I have never wanted a lover, but I have always wanted to love, and to be loved.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|That is all very senseless, but this senselessness has a pretty mouth, and it smiles.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Heart thoughts are profound, hindsight aches and hope is obscure. I'm craving a great adventure -- one that leads me back home.
Victor Hugo, Intellectual Autobiography: Ideas on Literature, Philosophy and Religion|Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Dan Brown, Inferno|The Net’s interactivity gives us powerful new tools for finding information, expressing ourselves, and conversing with others. It also turns us into lab rats constantly pressing levers to get tiny pellets of social or intellectual nourishment.
C. JoyBell C.|There is such a thirst to be known, isn't there? What is it about being known that would cause us to hunger so much after it, at any cost? I'm afraid too many of us have forgotten that far more noble is the journey that one embarks on to know oneself; than the trip one goes on in the search for fame. Isn't it better to know and to know and to know yourself and if your heart is found to be noble, isn't it better that you know this on your own and truly; rather than for you to chase after the thoughts that others might have of you? To be a true royal in heart is better than to be a false royal with a throne.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Time alone can help us to look inward, to fish for things that others can’t see.
Madeleine L'Engle|I think it's the pain and suffering that drive you to become an artist. The art itself should be the pain, sort of exorcising every demon and making you feel like you're a person that matters.
Arthur Koestler, Darkness at Noon|Moralistic culture views government as a positive force, one that values the individual but functions to the benefit of the general public. Discussion of public issues and voting are not only rights but also opportunities to better the individual and society alike. Furthermore, politicians should not profit from their public service.
Mary McAleese|We need a new Latin American policy that is bold - different. We need to focus on building civil society, focus on the lack of infrastructure. We need look at ways to foster economic opportunity. There needs to be a more comprehensive economic vision in the region.
Jennifer Lott, Cursed Dishes|Charlotte’s dirty dishes haunted her dreams that night. She was running down a dark tunnel and close behind her plates, cups, bowls and crumbs made threatening noises.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|You are not for the left or right team, but for what is right against the wrong.
RVM|While a rich man cannot have more than 1440 minutes a day, a clever man makes more time by using OPM or Other People's Minutes.-RVM
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Love: Soulfully Inspiring You to Uncover the Essence of True Love That Exists, Within|AA purports to be open to anyone, as it is stated in Tradition Tree, "The only requirement for AA membership is a desire to stop drinking," but it isn't open to everyone. It's open only to those who are willing to publicly declare themselves to be alcoholics or addicts and who are willing to give up their inherent right of independence by declaring themselves powerless over addictive drugs and alcohol, as stated in Step One, "We admitted we are powerless over alcohol- that our lives had become unmanageable.
Wynter Wilkins, Strigoi|In my recollection, there have been many places and people I have been both blessed and cursed to know. Much joy and heartache can come from immortality, for loneliness can be lethal. I have unfortunately witnessed many I cared for, both mortal and not, perish. I have never been able to own anything that was truly mine. Once, I possessed everything, but many moons have come since that time. -- Sacha Borishauski
Gertrude Stein|You know, writing is really difficult, and it takes a real patience and a skill. I don't know if I have that. I admire it in others, so much, and I envy it.
Edouard Manet|Greatness, in the last analysis, is largely bravery - courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards and respectable ways of doing things.
Bobby McFerrin|I play PC and Xbox games at home, and I just got a PSP as a birthday present.
Gillibran Brown, Fun With Dick and Shane|Has something happened to upset you today?”“Yeah, I had an argument with a vacuum cleaner hose, it wanted me to it a blowjob, but I refused so it took offence. It claimed I blew everyone else's attachment and it wasn't fair.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|The only thing worse than his arrogance was his incompetence. He was a bully, behaving like an ass. I saw Angel though, not him. The memorial was right there, just outside the window. It’s in the flowers, and it makes me angry. Angel liked to sit on the couch, watch TV, eat chips. She hated outside. Maybe I should have been a bully and an ass to Angel’s parents. Maybe Angel and Grace would still be alive if I’d behaved like this piece of shit teacher.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|The worst part of being a driver is that you have hours to yourself while waiting for your employer. You can spend this time chitchatting and scratching your groin. You can read murder and rape magazines. You can develop the chauffeur's habit it's a kind of yoga, really of putting a finger in your nose and letting your mind go blank for hours (they should call it the "bored driver's asana").
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|The mind can forget what the body, defined by each breath, subject to the heart beating, does not.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If there weren’t so many interesting conversations taking place inside my head, I might venture to speak out loud.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|But words mattered, more so in Newark than many other places. In a world where income and possessions were limited, words represented dignity, pride, self-worth.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|Never throw the first punch. If you have to throw the second, try to make sure they don't get up for a third.
Jon Evans|We're building what I call 'software apartheid.' We're in the process of creating a divided society: those who can use technology on one side, and those who can't on the other. And it happens to divide neatly along economic lines.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing: and Other Reflections|Divorce can be a very destructive force and high powered, professional career women, like myself, don't have the luxury of time to fall apart. We want an alternative to months in therapy - something which will hold us together whilst helping us heal around our busy schedules that will also enable us to build healthy, future relationships which are drama-free.
Tania Goody|God doesn’t want meaningless gifts. In fact, God doesn’t need your gifts. He doesn’t need your weekly tithe. He doesn’t need you to help your neighbor shovel. He doesn’t need anything from you. But He wants your heart. He loves you. He doesn’t want you to feel obligated to do something for Him, but if you love Him, you will want to do things for Him. You’ll want to serve, to help, to live your life with open hands. The gifts you present won’t be meaningless—they will be out of love. It will be a sweet aroma to God and He will be pleased. Not because you’re following a routine but because you’re pouring out love.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|Then he holds her and for a moment I hear total silence; that totally silent part of a cry that announces that the most horrible grief is going to follow. And it does, and he's muffling it, but I can hear and I want someone to come over and jab her with a sedative because its pitch pierces my soul.
Yassin Hall, Journey Untold My Mother's Struggle with Mental Illnesses: Bipolar, paranoid schizophrenia, or other forms of mental illness is debilitating for everyone including the families left to try to cope|Take it from me, that kind of torment causes you to retreat to a place in your mind where you are so strong that nothing and no one can bother you. Or so you think! What you don't realize is that each time an incident occurs, you retreat inside of yourself a little bit at a time, until one day you might not recognize who YOU are.
Joyce Meyer|If God only used perfect people, nothing would get done. God will use anybody if you're available.
YourLeo|As an artist, my talents are not mine alone to just keep. My creations have to touch lives, spread love and let my skills be used only in good things but should be selfless not through selfish motives. In this manner, I am giving the gift back to my Master Creator." - Elizabeth's Quotes
Roman Payne|I used to be a poet.My words were traded in marketplaces like pieces of gold.Merchants bought my verses for as much as they paid for saffron and Indian jade.Now I am old...drunk on wine and candle fumes.Alone in this barren room, I speak my psalms to the night air so as to entertain moths before they go off to die.I used to be a poet and my words were gold.
Kamand Kojouri|An act of violence, no matter how small, can never be justified if it can be avoided.
William J. Clinton|I'm well past the age where I'm acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. You're not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, you're not going to get played on radio and you're not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.
Melody  Lee|Hire Models UK Your Model Management hire the models in the UK. We help Male, Female and kids models represent and manage themselves. According to work, we pay to everyone decent money. So, if you see your career with us then call 020 3633 1422.Kemp House, 152 - 160 City Road, London, Greater London. EC1V 2NX
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Courage originally meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart.
Anthony Hopkins|I don't think my kids have to worry too much about me embarrassing them because that's not how I would want to grow up, with wacky dad showing up at school and performing for everyone.
Autumn Sanders|He saw the reflection of her face in a compact mirror as she painted on her re lips. She did it with such care, he had felt she was trapping something behind the colour.She had touched life, played with it a little, bit it was a slippery bugger,and finally we must close the door, and leave it behind.
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no argument [dispute] over a talk, it is called ‘Principle’.
Thomas Sowell|In our system of democracy, our government works on a system of checks and balances. Instead of stripping power from the courts, I believe we should follow the process prescribed in our Constitution - consideration of a Constitutional amendment.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|OEDIPUS:O, O, O, they will all come,all come out clearly! Light of the sun, let melook upon you no more after today!I who first saw the light bred of a matchaccursed, and accursed in my livingwith them I lived with, cursed in my killing.
Wallace Stevens, The Palm at the End of the Mind: Selected Poems and a Play|Keep a journal, and don't assume that your work has to accomplish anything worthy: artists and peace-workers are in it for the long haul, and not to be judged by immediate results.
Paul Kalanithi|The death of my husband, coming immediately after the general knowledge of the discoveries with which his name is associated, was felt by the public, and especially by the scientific circles, to be a national misfortune.
Anthony T Hincks|White and blueWhite and blue ,You loved it then, i loved it too,Your eyes and your voice,I loved it then, i love it too,Your questions and the troubles,You loved it then, i loved it too,Your stories and the excuses,I loved it then, i love it too,Your songs and the promises,You loved it then, i loved it too,
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Courage is the first of human qualities, because it is the quality that guarantees all the others.  - Winston Churchill
Kevin DeYoung, What is the Mission of the Church?: Making sense of social justice, Shalom and the Great Commission|The author urges taking the pulse of the church outside our own neighborhood. More church attending Presbyterians in Ghana than Scotland, and while Western pastors beg to fill seats, some African pastors are asking people only to attend every second or third week to give room for others in packed churches.
Gyan Nagpal|It is our courage which defines us, not our constraints
Susan Shapiro Barash, Tripping the Prom Queen: The Truth About Women and Rivalry|Although previous studies had suggested that friendship--male and female--could be a powerful antidote to stress, more recent research indicates that broken promises, dashed expectations, and other side effects of friendship gone wrong can actually raise the level of stress in our lives, often to disastrous effect.
Emily Maguire, Taming the Beast|But then, life is a constant withering of possibilities. Some are stolen with the lives of people you love. Others are let go, with regret and reluctance and deep, deep sorrow. But there is compensation for lives unlived in the intoxicating joy of knowing that the life you have - right here, right now - if the one you have chosen. There is power in that, and hope.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Intuition is the gift of knowing, hearing, feeling, or seeing through our spiritual senses.
Deyth Banger|Fuk society, they don't understand nobody. That's how works everything...
Jim Morrison|We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
Mo Udall|Above all, you must fight conceit, envy, and every kind of ill-feeling in your heart.
Laura Sewall|It has often been said that our environmental crisis is a crisis of perception. We do not readily see the patterns that would reveal our dependence on the natural world, nor are we commonly aware of the systems within which we are deeply embedded. Our attention, entrained on objects and focused on flat screens, is far removed from the dynamic and animated nonhuman world. We are as good as blind to the wonder at our feet or the daily spectacle of an ever-changing sky.
G.K. Chesterton|The character of someone shouldn't be measured based on what they eat, drink or the way they dress. Character that commands following is more than demonstrating some 'nice', 'cute', 'appealing' behaviors. It is deeper than that!
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Twenty-three is old. It's almost 25, which is like almost mid-20s.
B.C. Morin, Blood of the Sorcerer|I still want to feel you against me.” Her gaze dropped to his hands. “I want you to stay with me. Hold me. Just tonight. If I lose you again tomorrow then it will still be worth it. I will lose you a hundred times, if you would but hold me in your arms each time before my loss.” She saw his eyes water, but no tears emerged...
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Growth is only possible in an environment that is consistent, intentional, and positive. This is not an event; instead, growth happens daily, not in a day.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Limerence is an obsessive, unrequited love. It is actually a disorder. A disease if you will.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We only need grace to get up, whenever we fall.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|Love’s language starts, stops, starts; the right words flowing or clotting in the heart.
Sam Walton|My philosophy is it's none of my business what people say of me and think of me. I am what I am, and I do what I do. I expect nothing and accept everything. And it makes life so much easier.
Walter Savage Landor|The damps of autumn sink into the leaves and prepare them for the necessity of their fall; and thus insensibly are we, as years close around us, detached from our tenacity of life by the gentle pressure of recorded sorrow.
Andy Rooney|Why if I had half a chance, I could make an entire movie using this stock footage. The story opens on these mysterious explosions. Nobody knows what's causing them, but it's upsetting all the buffalo. So, the military are called in to solve the mystery.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Genuine self-acceptance is not derived from the power of positive thinking, mind games or pop psychology. IT IS AN ACT OF FAITH in the God of grace.
Isabella Poretsis|It was time to take action, to change her own story, to take life into her own hands.
Corrie ten Boom|Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.” Corrie ten Boom
pattrice jones|It came to him that he had turned away from the buffalo not because of a womanish nausea at blood and stench and spilling gut; it came to him that he had sickened and turned away because of his shock at seeing the buffalo, a few moments before proud and noble and full of the dignity of life, now stark and helpless, a length of inert meat, divested of itself, or his notion of its self, swinging grotesquely, mockingly, before him. It was not itself; or it was not that self that he had imagined it to be. That self was murdered; and in that murder he had felt the destruction of something within him, and he had not been able to face it. So he had turned away.
Paul Ryan|So here's the question: Without a change in leadership, why would the next four years be any different from the last four years?
Alexandra Horowitz, On Looking: Eleven Walks with Expert Eyes|He was blessed with the ability to admire the unlovely. Or, I should say, he was blessed with the inability to feel there is a difference between lovely and un-.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|...I think that people who make judgements about other people they don't even know are shallow, and people who start rumors are shallow, and I really don't care what shallow people say about me.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|I’m not an idiot, Kenji. I have reasons for the things I say.”“Yeah, and maybe I’m just saying that you have no idea what you’re saying.”“Whatever.”“Don’t whatever me—”“Whatever,” I say again.“Oh my God,” Kenji says to no one in particular. “I think this girl wants to get her ass kicked.”“You couldn’t kick my ass if I had ten of them.”Kenji laughs out loud. “Is that a challenge?”"It’s a warning,” I say to him.“Ohhhhhh, so you’re threatening me now? Little crybaby knows how to make threats now?”“Shut up, Kenji.”“Shut up, Kenji,” he repeats in a whiny voice, mocking me.
Richard Hayne|All my life, I've been working with male directors, which I've really enjoyed. And I'm lucky in that I've worked with men who have a lot of respect for women. But working with a woman is a different experience. It feels like the communication is different.
Michelle Franklin|There comes a point in one's life where the people whom we grew up admiring begin to die, leaving a great chasm in the world. This is awful enough to deal with without having anything so annoying as feelings getting in the way of personal equanimity. And then, possibly even more horribly, there comes a time in one's life when the people whom we grew up with or the people who are in our same age group begin to die. I have had the disagreeable business of having to watch colleagues only a few years my senior perish without warning, though premonition would not soften the blow. I am now realizing that I am entering this time, the dreadful gateway of existence, the one that leads to watching the ebb and flow of time, the great rote and sussuration of life and death, and being able to do nothing but welter in misery and pine over the dregs of hideous mortality. Death is an unaccountable business, one that robs the living of the peace we believe to be --perhaps mistakenly-- our birthright, one which asks the living to pay for the departed in the currency of feelings, leaving us to wallow in emotional debt. There is a loneliness about behind left behind as is there a thrill of horror for what lies beyond. The sum total of living is to sacrifice peace in favour of finding it, which makes little sense at all. I often wonder if the dead know we grieve for them, as the penury of pity only disconcerts ourselves. It is poor comfort, the business of mourning, for what is there really to mourn about excepting our own desire for reconciliation, something which no one, not even the dead, can furnish?
William Manchester, The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone, 1932-40|The author points out that novices to total war, and this Hitler and the British press have in common, overreact to daily events and lose sight of overall strategy.
Daniel Marques|I think mixed women from interracial marriages are beautiful, and for many reasons, all of them good.
Billy Graham|Growing up in Northern California, I've only seen snow at Christmas maybe twice in my life! I was always jealous of my cousins on the East Coast with their white Christmases.
Table No. 21|If people were rain, I was a drizzle and she was a hurricaine
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Never underestimate the power of the written word, especially when you put them down in your own voice.
Deyth Banger|Let's be honest, honest it's important. I don't care about you, don't say bullshit and if there isn't any important thing please don't write me.
Neil Gaiman|Unless you have a perception of who you are as a lawyer, you will never be at ease in dealing with legal matters, clients, or courts. But if you know who you are and why you're there, all you need is the expertise and the information.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|What would it be like to look in the mirror and actually accept what you see? Not loathe the reflection, or despise it, or be resigned to it? But to like it?
Kevin Kelly|Be assured those will be thy worst enemies, not to whom thou hast done evil, but who have done evil to thee. And those will be thy best friends, not to whom thou hast done good, but who have done good to thee.
Gustave Flaubert|I am a great scholar, my mind is full of wonders.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|All of us - all who knew her - felt so wholesome after we cleaned ourselves on her. We were so beautiful when we stood astride her ugliness. Her simplicity decorated us, her guilt sanctified us, her pain made us glow with health, her awkwardness made us think we had a sense of humor. Her inarticulateness made us believe we were eloquent. Her poverty kept us generous. Even her waking dreams we used - to silence our own nightmares. And she let us, and thereby deserved our contempt. We honed our egos on her, padded our characters with her frailty, and yawned in the fantasy of our strength. And fantasy it was, for we were not strong, only aggressive; we were not free, merely licensed; we were not compassionate, we were polite; not good, but well behaved. We courted death in order to call ourselves brave and hid like thieves from life. We substituted good grammar for intellect; we switched habits to simulate maturity; we rearranged lies and called it truth, seeing in the new pattern of an old idea the Revelation and the Word.
Margaret Atwood|We ate the birds. We ate them. We wanted their songs to flow up through our throats and burst out of our mouths, and so we ate them. We wanted their feathers to bud from our flesh. We wanted their wings, we wanted to fly as they did, soar freely among the treetops and the clouds, and so we ate them. We speared them, we clubbed them, we tangled their feet in glue, we netted them, we spitted them, we threw them onto hot coals, and all for love, because we loved them. We wanted to be one with them. We wanted to hatch out of clean, smooth, beautiful eggs, as they did, back when we were young and agile and innocent of cause and effect, we did not want the mess of being born, and so we crammed the birds into our gullets, feathers and all, but it was no use, we couldn’t sing, not effortlessly as they do, we can’t fly, not without smoke and metal, and as for the eggs we don’t stand a chance. We’re mired in gravity, we’re earthbound. We’re ankle-deep in blood, and all because we ate the birds, we ate them a long time ago, when we still had the power to say no.
Carlos Fuentes, Christopher Unborn|They WERE walking alongside the road, they WERE hit by a car, and now they ARE dead. It doesn't work. Are is present tense. Dead is -- well, dead is past, isn't it? Present tense modifying past; being modifying non-being. Language, in this instance" -- and here Miriam makes a garbled noise in her throat-- "fails.
Mohammad Qutub|In some socialist states well-performed work is rewarded with moral stimulants instead of material ones. However, the moral stimulants cannot be explained by materialistic philosophy. It is the same case with the appeals for humanism, justice, equality, freedom, human rights, and so forth, which are all of religious origin. Certainly, everybody has the right to live as he thinks best, including the right not to be consistent with his own pattern. Still, to understand the world correctly, it is important to know the true origin of meaning and of the ideas ruling the world.
Julian Barnes, England, England|Because," she said, "that is what men would call it. They invented Satan, didn't they? Satanic is merely the name they give to the behavior of those who would disrupt the orderly way in which men want to live.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Breeches|Her passion for these items lit her eyes. The claws for instinct and desire gripped him. Her passion for history, he had to drink it, transmute it into another kind of passion. He framed her face with his hands, pushed her back into the recess between the two cases, and captured her silken mouth with his own.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Your future is dependent on your thought today, therefore think good and lovely thoughts now!
Rachel Caine, The Dead Girls' Dance|Want to play baseball?’” she asked. Shane’s eyes opened, and he stopped stroking her hair. “What?’” “First base,’” she said. “You’re already there.’” “I’m not running the bases.’” “Well, you could at least steal second.’” “Jeez, Claire. I used to distract myself with sports stats at times like these, but now you’ve gone and ruined it.
Murray Kempton|Ideas begin their life as small seeds, so light they may drift through the air like dust motes. If a human is fortunate enough to catch one, when the light is right, it can be planted, just like a seed. With fertile soil, it may grow into a flower or tree, which will re-seed, thus producing a whole field or forest.
Frank Ocean|I discovered after going to music festivals that I am a rock fan. I love the guitars, the phrasing, and the abandon of rock fans.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What is the authority in your life? Is it your selfishness? Your lust? Your greed? Or have you turned it all over to God and said, “Lord, You are going to be my authority”? When you are under authority, you are then able to assume authority.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|To be a writer and political is a dangerous thing. To be a writer and apolitical is even more dangerous. Art is right, left; in truth, it has only one direction and that is forward.
Pele|The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.
Christopher Saleh|I am the queen of mediocre , the king of nothingness
Ferdinand Magellan|The church says the earth is flat; but I have seen its shadow on the moon, and I have more confidence even in a shadow than in the church.
Karin Slaughter, Pretty Girls|As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|The day drags along, you make thousands of plans, you imagine every possible conversation, you promise to change your behavior in certain ways–and you feel more and more anxious until your loved one arrives. But by then, you don't know what to say. The hours of waiting have been transformed into tension, the tension has become fear, and the fear makes you embarrassed about showing affection.
Devon Trevarrow Flaherty, The Night of One Hundred Thieves|Our view of human problems determines who is qualified to speak to them. If sin is the primary human problem, then those with the theological and practical expertise in dealing with sin – in its varied and complex forms – should lead the way in the field of people-helping. Unless we have an accurate and robust conception of sin, the church will concede much of its work to outside professional and will be ill-equipped to cooperate with them when needed.
Lionel Shriver, A Perfectly Good Family|To see an almost certain horrible death--you know how crowds all sit at the edge of their seats, /praying/ subconsciously for a spectacular accident--and then to be whisked away from it so suddenly--brought to the edge of tragedy, and then to have their better natures win out, showing them how much nicer they always /knew/ they were--that was the supreme thrill.
Calvin Coolidge|As long as we know in our hearts what Christmas ought to be, Christmas is.
Brennan Manning, The Relentless Tenderness of Jesus|One spiritual writer has observed that human beings are born with two diseases: life, from which we die; and hope, which says the first disease is not terminal. Hope is built into the structure of our personalities, into the depths of our unconscious; it plagues us to the very moment of our death. The critical question is whether hope is self-deception, the ultimate cruelty of a cruel and tricky universe, or whether it is just possibly the imprint of reality.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.
Hassaan Ali|When nothing else worked, we created a holistic, hand-tailored program that saved Pax's life. At Passages, he and I use what we learned in curing him to help other discover the roots of their addiction or alcoholism and break free.
Tapan Ghosh|-Are you nervous to meet my family? -No, not really.They're either going to like me or they won't. All I can do is to be myself and hope for the best.
Abhijit Naskar|Live every single moment of your life, for the one thing that is most precious to you.
Sunday Adelaja|Immerse yourself into self-development, realization of potential and establishing yourself as real person and personality
Walter Pater|Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|Anger, and the self-righteousness that is both the cause and consequence of anger, tends to be easier on the psyche than personal responsibility.
George Bernard Shaw|Nothing you do for children is ever wasted. They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Because I'm selfish. I'm a coward. I'm the kind of girl who, when she might actually be of use, would run to stay alive and leave those who couldn't follow to suffer and die.
Tom Raabe, Biblioholism: The Literary Addiction|Like a forgotten old photograph, this dream will stay pressed, between the pages of a book you don’t feel like reading anymore.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|The tricky thing about the hood is that you’re always working, working, working, and you feel like something’s happening, but really nothing’s happening at all.
Vivek Wadhwa|Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform.
Dante Alighieri, Inferno|You won't find angels in hell, only demons that know how to play with yours.
Anaïs Nin, Henry & June|What can I do with my happiness? How can I keep it, conceal it, bury it where I may never lose it? I want to kneel as it falls over me like rain, gather it up with lace and silk, and press it over myself again.
Alisa Melekhina, Reality Check: What the Ancient Game of Chess Can Teach You About Success in Modern Competitive Settings|...and it's not my place to chase around after you, fixing stuff. What I know's what I know, and it don't include putting the world back the way it out to be. It's too late for that. Way too late for heroes, champions, miracles. Don't matter what our heritage was maybe meant for - your side got hold of it first, and you won long ago. No undoing that, Esau, I ain't fool enough to think otherwise. I'm still sorry for you, but I know your side's won, this side of the grave.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|Keep a relentless eye on your goals! Perseverance, joyful dedication, and unwavering focus will get you there!
Winston S. Churchill|The steeper the climb, the more incentive to reach the top.Even in the midst of the darkness, there is always a shard of light if we will but search for it hard enough and believe in it strongly enough.A name portrays the nature of its wearer. The meaning of a name, however, portrays the trueness of its wearer in depths that very few ever come to comprehend.May God bless you and keep you and give you peace in all that you do, and may we rest assured of this: that though we travel far apart and in many different directions and for long periods of time, we will meet again, if not in this lifetime, then in eternity, and there we will never have to say ‘good-bye’ again.Courage is not found in lacking fear, courage is found in not allowing your fear to rule you.Courage is really just facing fear.Do not put too much stock in the stars my boy, they are fickle and distant and do not affect the lives of men by very great a margin.
Richard J. Maybury, Whatever Happened to Justice? Revised Edition|We must rebuild organic communities, where people can come together and have analogue conversations and share stories, art, music and emotions.
Will Durant|It is a mistake to think that the past is dead. Nothing that has ever happened is quite without influence at this moment. The present is merely the past rolled up and concentrated in this second of time. You, too, are your past; often your face is your autobiography; you are what you are because of what you have been; because of your heredity stretching back into forgotten generations; because of every element of environment that has affected you, every man or woman that has met you, every book that you have read, every experience that you have had; all these are accumulated in your memory, your body, your character, your soul. So with a city, a country, and a race; it is its past, and cannot be understood without it.
Lauren Oliver, Panic|It is the bravery of the lion that enables you the lion’s share of the power. More important than all, know this: bravery begets victory.
Michael Bierut|...use design as a secret disguise to infiltrate whatever world you want to go into. If you do that over and over again, and then translate that interest and curiosity into the work that you’re doing, you’ll do great.
Charles Bukowski, Post Office|Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?
Kate Beckinsale|I curate my life in a way. It's always playing on my mind, kind of a love-hate relationship. I'm not one of those people who's, like, 'I wish Facebook wasn't around,' because, you know, it is what it is.
Joseph Ohler, Jr.|We are not for making shoes, so the shoemakers can have jobs, but so we can wear the shoes.
Keira Grant, Glow in the Dark|We do tend to overreact when we feel threatened. Men, I mean.
Aprilynne Pike, Spells|I don’t stand a chance if he doesn't get better. You’ll never be able to let him go. You’ll always feel wrong about being with me.”“The way I always felt wrong kissing him because of you,” I say.Gale holds my gaze. “If I thought that was true, I could almost live with the rest of it.
George Eliot, Scenes of Clerical Life|Religious ideas have the fate of melodies, which, once set afloat in the world, are taken up by all sorts of instruments, some of them woefully coarse, feeble, or out of tune, until people are in danger of crying out that the melody itself is detestable.
Kimberley Nixon|I simply believe food is too good to throw away - and Christmas leftovers can be a gastronomic opportunity for the well-skilled kitchen forager. With a little imagination, there are a million ways to use up leftovers rather than bin them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In order to compete with God for the dominion of the world, Satan, whom Christ called “the prince of this world,” was forced to go into the “religion” business.
Maira Zafred Marinho Mesel|if it was time that made me lost what we were, then i hate time...
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|You had an image of life inside you, a belief or an ideal, that you were ready to do good deeds, to suffer, and to sacrifice – and by degrees you noticed that the world had no need of your good deeds, or sacrifices, and such like; that life was not an heroic tale, with roles for heroes, and such like, but a comfortable bourgeois parlour, where one is perfectly satisfied with eating and drinking, coffee and knitted stockings, tarot readings and music on the radio. And he who wants otherwise and has the heroic and the beautiful inside him, the veneration of great poets or the adoration of saints inside him, he is a fool and a knight errant, a latter day Don Quixote?
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Here lies a she sun, and a he moon there;She gives the best light to his sphere;Or each is both, and all, and soThey unto one another nothing owe;And yet they do, but areSo just and rich in that coin which they pay,That neither would, nor needs forbear, nor stay;Neither desires to be spared nor to spare.They quickly pay their debt, and thenTake no acquittances, but pay again;They pay, they give, they lend, and so let fallNo such occasion to be liberal.More truth, more courage in these two do shine,Than all thy turtles have and sparrows, Valentine.
Rosen Trevithick|When it comes to your self-esteem, it is best not to value the opinions of deluded psychopaths.
Gyula Krúdy, Sunflower|I’d love to step off this well-trodden straight and boring path. To somehow live differently, think different thoughts, feel different feelings than others. It wouldn’t bother me to be as alone as a tree on the plains. My leaves would be like no other tree’s.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|A person has to ignore the larger social, economic, political, and religious climate of early North American colonialism to advance the Christian nation myth.
Dezső Kosztolányi, Skylark|We are candles, I remember thinking, and the wind is rising.
Paolo Bacigalupi|I really wanted to make the worst thing: the thing that even people who liked bad, terrible music wouldn't like - the stuff that people would ignore, always. Something really, really stupid. Something that is destined for failure.
Susan Sarandon|Ladies, stress shows on your face. Happiness is the true beauty we
Brad Paisley|Growing up, politics never trickled down to the areas we come from. But people from Obama's camp, and Obama himself, reached out to me and asked for my help on the campaign. We've sat and had dinner, and we've spoken on the phone. He's a very sharp guy. Very charming. Very cool.
Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree|All of the world's religions have important things to teach us, and they are not as different from each other as some would have you believe.
Travis J. Dahnke, Write like no one is reading|Seeing pictures of other places around the world makes me feel more important. Reminds me, even though life is short, there's so much to do.
Brigid Pasulka, A Long, Long Time Ago and Essentially True|[The Pigeon had learned something about [women] from his eight sisters, and if over the years he had absorbed only this one thing, it would stand as vindication that a boy does not suffer needlessly from growing up in a house with eight sisters. That thing was that a woman's heart is not bought by the currency of a man's emotion for her. A woman's heart is won over by her own feelings for herself when he just happens to be around ...
Stephen Covey|Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|It is wise to use titles for people in positions of power, higher education, seniority, or maturity, unless otherwise instructed. This may sound old-fashioned, but practicing respectful traditions will earn you points and inevitably make you seem more cultured and sophisticated. This is especially true with older generations.
Jeff Nichols|We designed a car that is for daily commutes and that you charge every day. The less you use the gasoline engine, the better mpg. Essentially, the Karma can achieve dramatic savings and low CO2 output when used as intended, as a daily commuter.
Michelle Marcos|Dear God, you are beautiful. I tried to forget, to pretend I did not need you, but it was no use. You haunt my waking hours and my dreams, and though I know if I stay with you my soul my soul will be lost and my life damned, I cannot stay away, nor can I put you from me. So come and let me drown in your bewitching angel’s eyes. Some things bought dearly are worth the price.
C.G. Jung, The Integration of the Personality|True insanity, as frightening as it might be, gives a sort of obliviousness to the chaos in a life. People who commit suicide are struggling to order their existence, and when they see it's a losing battle, they will finalize it rather than have it wrenched from them. Insanity wouldn't permit that type of clarity.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|He read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the first time and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. She had made her g's the same way he did : he searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. The letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that her warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, her son.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|A flock of angels are coming to see me...or a gaggle? A herd? No, they aren’t animals. A legion... That’s the word.
Sachin sawariya|If we want to stay Happily in this world and also after world.Then make home ,But Not on the ground, make home in the heart
Henry Kissinger|Classical tragedy was the war between good and evil. We wanted evil to be defeated and good to be victorious. But the battle in modern tragedy is between good and good. And no matter which side wins, we'll still be heartbroken.
Sunday Adelaja|When I consider the teachings, doctrines and what happens generally in the body of Christ both here in Europe, America and in Africa, I sometimes feel that I am living in my own reality. Either the whole world is getting it wrong or I am just running crazy
Wilhelm von Humboldt, Humanist Without Portfolio: An Anthology of the writings of Wilhelm von Humboldt|Their constant outward-looking, their mania for radios, cars, and a thousand other trinkets made them dream and fix their eyes upon the trash of life, made it impossible for them to learn a language which could have taught them to speak of what was in their or others' hearts. The words of their souls were the syllables of popular songs.
Arthur Schopenhauer|You talk; I'll sleep. feel free to make up my side of the conversation in case you get bored. I recommend throwing in the occasional 'fuck you' on my behalf, just to keep things true to life.
Neil Strauss, The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists|If we commit ourselves to one person for life, this is not, as many people think, a rejection of freedom; rather, it demands the courage to move into all the risks of freedom, and the risk of love which is permanent; into that love which is not possession but participation.
Mary McCarthy, Memories of a Catholic Girlhood|I really tried, or so I thought, to avoid lying, but it seemed to me that they forced it on me by the difference in their vision of things, so that I was always transposing reality for them into something they could understand.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Even in your absence I fight with you in my mind, I laugh with you in my mind.That's how the strong connection exists between you and me. It will be forever.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A compass calibrated by my greed is a rather shrewd way to legitimize my agenda. However, true north on a compass such as this is a straight line to the edge of a really big cliff.
Yahya Mohamed|HIV is free, why pay for it
Soren Kierkegaard|I'm not going to change the way I look or the way I feel to conform to anything. I've always been a freak. So I've been a freak all my life and I have to live with that, you know. I'm one of those people.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Mr. Beeblebrox, sir,' said the insect in awed wonder, 'you’re so weird you should be in movies.;'Yeah,' said Zaphod patting the thing on a glittering pink wing, 'and you, baby, should be in real life.' The insect paused for a moment
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|Narcissistic pleasure seekers routinely avoid developing the humility required to manufacture a life of full measure. Shallow persons such as me hide their insecurities behind a false persona of bravado, boasting of their inconsequential deeds, pyrrhic victories, and adamant refusals to tackle any task that they fear.
Laurie Notaro, The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club: True Tales from a Magnificent and Clumsy Life|Dr. Bone Specialist came in, made me stand up and hobble across the room, checked my reflexes, and then made me lie down on the table. He bent my right knee this way and that, up and down, all the way out to the side and in. Then he did the same with my left leg. He ordered X rays then started to leave the room. I panicked. I MUST GET DRUGS."What can I take for the pain?" I asked him before he got out the door."You can take some over the counter ibuprofen," he suggested. "But I wouldn't take more than nine a day."I choked. Nine a day? I'd been popping forty. Nine a day? Like hell. I couldn't even go to the bathroom on my own, I hadn't slept in three weeks, and my normally sunny cheery disposition had turned into that of a very rabid dog. If I didn't get good drugs and get them now, it was straight to Shooter's World and then Walgreens pharmacy for me."I don't think you understand," I explained. "I can't go to work. I have spent the last four days with my mother who is addicted to QVC, watching jewelry shows, doll shows and make-up shows. I almost ordered a beef-jerky maker! Give me something, or I'm going to use your calf muscles to make the first batch!"Without further ado, he hastily scribbled out a prescription for some codeine and was gone. I was happy.My mother, however, had lost the ability to speak.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I've missed you,Angel. I dod not spent a day without missing you in my life. I became obsessed to the point I thought Hank had backed off of his oath and had killed you. I saw your ghost in everything. I couldn't scape from you and i din't want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.
Jamie Scallion, Making It|I will not give up. I must not fail."Burt, Book 1 "Making it
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|One in four girls will experience sexual abuse by the time she is sixteen, and 48 percent of all rapes involve a young woman under the age of eighteen. It’s not surprising then, that in a society where sexual abuse of young women is rampant, many women never share their stories. They remain hidden and invisible.
Kresley Cole, Pleasure of a Dark Prince|This is what it's all been about with you," he said in an even tone. "All the fear, allthe running. The nightmares." When she nodded, he said, "You called him the devil.""But you... married him?" "Basically? Yes.""Ceremony and everything?"She swallowed. "He tricked me into it. I-I was only sixteen."A muscle ticked in his cheek and his irises grew pale. "Then know this..."She stopped breathing."Lass, I'm about to make you a widow--
Heather Dixon|One day, my lady." said Mr. Keeper, stepping aside and allowing her to join them, "I should hope I would be fortunate enough to see such a graceful, unearthly curtsy from you again.
Carla L. Rueckert, Living the Law of One 101: The Choice|I have a lot of beliefs, and I live by none of them.
Aristotle|The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances."— Aristotle
Sunday Adelaja|God already knew the ones who would be saved, even before their birth
Alice Hoffman|I was actually the one who decided to move to LA. Mom and I were driving on Sunset Boulevard during one of our trips back to see her family, and I said, 'Can we just stay?' So we did.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|With awareness and practice, even the most awkward people can learn how to be both fluid and purposeful in their bearing.
David Isay, StoryCorps: Outloud|Will put his hand on Nico's shoulder. 'Nico, we need to have another talk about your people skills.''Hey, I'm just stating the obvious. If this is Apollo, and he dies, we're all in trouble.'Will turned to me. 'I apologize for my boyfriend.'Nico rolled his eyes. 'Could you not―''Would you prefer special guy?' Will asked. 'Or significant other?''Significant annoyance, in your case,' Nico grumbled.
Sarah Warden, Immortal Earth|I had always heard rumors of her, Nanook thought, she who can control the wind, the water, the earth, and fire ... she who can talk to time. But those were old myths of a woman who lived many thousands of years ago, the first daughter of the Earth. There is a prophecy that she will return again, during the end times -- every religion has someone like that, someone to wait for and put your faith in, but my culture had mostly covered up her existence. We had a god of the sea, a god of the land, a god of the air, a god of fire, but no one who could control all of the elements. We spoke, only in whispers, of the ancient bloodline -- the descendents of the Great Mother. Too many superstitious minds, too many men concerned only with their own power and position, had heard these whispers in the past and taken gruesome steps to erase the descendents. The lineage was said to be broken, the blood of the Great Mother spilled for the last time.
Simone de Beauvoir, She Came to Stay|Integrity is unity of the personality; it implies being brutally honest with ourselves about our intentionality. Since intentionality is inextricably bound up with the daimonic, this is never an easy, nor always pleasant pursuit. But being willing to admit our daimonic tendencies - to know them consciously and to wisely oversee them - brings with it the invaluable blessing of freedom, vigor, inner strength, and self-acceptance.
Jeffrey Kluger|My biggest fear in writing 'Gossip Girl' was that the characters would sound like stereotypical rich, air-headed heiresses. These were my friends. They were smart and multifaceted. They had interests and passions. They wanted to become lawyers and doctors and writers and filmmakers.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Seek counsel; though we are all skilled and experienced in many ways, no one can experience all that life has to offer in the limited time we are given in this world.
Charles M. Sheldon, In His Steps|Somehow I get puzzled when I see so many Christians living in luxury and singing 'Jesus, I my cross have taken, all to leave and follow Thee,' and remember how my wife died in a tenement in New York City, gasping for air and asking God to take the little girl too. Of course Idon't expect you people can prevent every one from dying of starvation, lack of proper nourishmentand tenement air, but what does following Jesus mean?
Kelsey Brickl, Paint|He was an indecent man, I told myself - prayerfully - and then I prayed for him to become decent.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|It used to be that rebels were the type who wore leather jackets, rode motorcycles, smoked cigarettes and drank cheap domestic beer. Today’s rebels are people who look at their world critically and observe the ensnaring patterns of the consumeristic lifestyle." (Life Hacks, p.50
Sydney Smith|Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life; let us swear eternal friendship.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|Jealousy, and attempting to match others in life and stride, is self-abandonment.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|But you have such dimples," said Anne, smiling affectionately into the pretty, vivacious face so near her own. "Lovely dimples, like little dents in cream. I have given up all hope of dimples. My dimple-dream will never come true; but so many of my dreams have that I mustn't complain. Am I all ready now?
Robert  Stone, Damascus Gate|I alone stretch out the heavens and tread on the waves of the sea. My way is in the whirlwind and the storm, and clouds are the dust of my feet. My arm is endued with power; my hand is strong, my right hand exalted. Death is naked before me; destruction lies uncovered. Turn to me and be saved, all you ends of the earth. Every knee will bow before me; every tongue will confess to me.
Lyn Nofziger|The Government and the Parliament, even the House of Lords, will consent to a large increase of electors; and men who have not considered the subject fully will imagine they have gained much by the concession.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|Murder was so trivial in the stories Harold loved. Dead bodies were plot points, puzzles to be reasoned out. They weren't brothers. Plot points didn't leave behind grieving sisters who couldn't find their shoes.
|Every beautiful thing that life has to offer, demands the habit of relentlessness.
Sunday Adelaja|To maintain an ignorance of oneself, is to grieve for the absolution of life.
Anna   Stevens, Turn Your Dreams And Wants Into Achievable SMART Goals!|All the answers to your questions about what your goals can and should be lie within, so does your power to accomplish those goals.
John Piper, Suffering and the Sovereignty of God|The evil and suffering in this world are greater than any of us can comprehend. But evil and suffering are not ultimate. God is. Satan, the great lover of evil and suffering, is not sovereign. God is.
Ellen J. Barrier|A government which deliberately enacts injustice, and persists in it, will at length ever become the laughing-stock of the world.
Kingfisher Pink, Morbidly Obtuse|There are a hundred or more myths about how one might go about killing a vampire. A stake through the heart, sunlight, you’ve heard all the stories. Oh, and garlic. We mustn’t forget garlic. Whoever came up with that silly little rumor never saw me laying the smack down at Mama Leoni’s All-You-Can-Eat Trattoria. I’ve eaten so much garlicky clam sauce in my time that I’ve sweated the stuff for days on end.
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|Being postmodern, however, is about being complicit rather than virtuous, it is about approaching categories like Good and Evil with a certain ironic skepticism.
Corrado Ghinamo, The Beautiful Scientist: A Spiritual Approach to Science|The more I read arguments for atheism, the more I am convinced it takes a very strong faith to be an atheist. And atheism seems to me the least reasonable of all faiths.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|For a guy, nothing is sexier than a girl who craves his little guy and can’t keep her hands off of it… because this is exactly the way he feels about your ladyparts whether he’s groping them like a savage or quietly watching TV next to you.
Ched Myers, Binding the Strong Man: A Political Reading of Mark's Story of Jesus|Okay, but if you try to get me to pray with you, I walk.
A.A. Gupte, Unfinished|The suffering was shaping her perception about life, her values, priorities, goals and dreams.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|As we wait and pray, God weaves his story and creates a wonder. Instead of drifting between comedy (denial) and tragedy (reality), we have a relationship with the living God, who is intimately involved with the details of our worlds. We are learning to watch for the story to unfold, to wait for the wonder.
Jennifer Lopez|You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.
J.L. Madore|I'm trying to go viral, but so far I'm just a sniffle
Bikash Chaurasiya|One can be kind,one can be helpful,but it takes a heart and an effort to understand.
Bryant A. Loney, Take Me to the Cat|If I were a doctor, I would diagnose his condition thus: "The patient is suffering from nostalgic insufficiency.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|If the old saying is true, that what one generation learns in school is the philosophy of the next, then the philosophy of the next generation will be totalitarianism.
Péter Esterházy, Celestial Harmonies|How are you? My father could say this quicker than anybody. He was always the first to say how are you, provided the occasion called for it, and he saw his chance. Thanks to this skill, he was made ambassador to England ...
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Eduardo Galeano notes that America was conquered, but not discovered, that the men who arrived with a religion to impose and dreams of gold never really knew where they were, and that this discovery is still taking place in our time.
Eric Andre|I don't follow anything blindly. I have to know the entire thing, if I have to get in to it. It might sound funny to you, but it's like using English language. I use an English word only when I know its meaning and understand its connotation. You won't hear me say, 'What's up, dude' or anything like that just for the heck of it.
Woody Allen|I can't do anything to death, doctor's orders.
Debasish Mridha|If you put a money sign in front of your eyes, how will you see the world?
Sebastian Stan|When you look at movies, the lead girl is always gorgeous and thin. There is a stereotype that you need to look a certain way and when you get in the business you really feel the pressure.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There is one clear urgency in your life that you must never neglect, and that is — you must be yourself.
Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|And if I were to open you up - would you see anything less remarkable? Less intricately dazzling, in its squelching, spongy way? Lungs and heart and spleen, and all the rest - ticking away, as it were? Yet you walk down the boulevard, and pass any number of such wonderful devices, all ticking away as they walk, and think it no great marvel.
Charles Dickens|He realized that he agonized over everything all the time, and he admitted that part of the problem in the Carter game had been his own lack of belief in his abilities. He knew the reason why he was like this, that it was the price he paid for carefully watching out for himself ever since he had been a little boy. 'I've never taken a chance in life,' he said. 'I need to run in front of traffic bucknacked and get arrested.
Matt Dillon|In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge.
Stacey  Lee, The Secret of a Heart Note|This," I say softly, "is going to change everything."I don't mean it the way I usually do.I don't mean that change is hard or scary, though it's definitely both.I mean only to say this: that sometimes, through good luck or bad, through curses or fate, the world cracks itself open, and afterward nothing will ever be the same.All I mean is that this seems like one of those times.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|If you desire the path of sincerity, develop a love for obscurity. Flee from the clatter and clinks of fame. Be like the roots of a tree; it keeps the tree upright and gives it life, but it itself is hidden underneath the earth and eyes cannot see it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Existence of mankind, the glory of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Educate every child to have a good head, good heart and kind spirit.
Jodi Picoult|Well, good Christ, how was I supposed to know all that, Hannah? Who looks into the fine points when he's hungry? I'm eight years old and chocolate pudding happens to get me hot. All I have to do is see that deep chocolatey surface gleaming out at me from the refrigerator, and my life isn't my own.
Tim Duncan|I'm surrounded by nothing but great people. I've been blessed with that, so really, I've got no choice but to be an all-around good person.
Wale|Being famous is great, it's not like bad or horrible or anything.
Tess Gerritsen|I was a writer first, and knew I'd be a storyteller at age seven. But since my parents are very practical, they urged me to go into a profession that would be far more secure, so I went to medical school.
Carmela Dutra, Lorenzo the Bear: Encounter at Jellyfish Cove|...in the Twilight Princess worldview, darkness is not necessarily correlated with evil, just as light is not necessarily correlated with good.
Sarah Ruhl, Chekhov's Three Sisters & Woolf's Orlando|I try to tighten my heart into a knot, a snarl, I try to learn to live dead, just numb, but then I see someone I want, and it's like a nail, like a hot spike right through my chest, and I know I'm losing.
Jane Hamilton|She read books quickly and compulsively, paperback after paperback, as if she might drift away without the anchor of the printed page.
Richard Russo, Mohawk|...he had to comfort himself with the firm conviction that most of what he objected to in Mohawk and the world at large was not the result of people reading the wrong books, but rather of not reading any at all.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Your words, your thoughts, your imagination: powerful tools. Remember that and use them wisely.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|And then the other guy will look really sheepish, and mumble that, okay, maybe he tried to make a run for it, and maybe he took a drunken swing at the arresting officer, and maybe he made a couple of off-color remarks about law-enforcement professionals, and maybe he’s been hiding from the cops ever since an incident a few years back involving a bleeding hooker, nine pounds of cocaine, and a soiled image of Tipper Gore.
Günter Grass, The Tin Drum|Three times Jan had been called to the colours (the army), but each time had been deferred because of his deplorable physical condition..when every male who could stand halfway erect was being shipped to Verdun to undergo a radical change in posture from the vertical to the eternal horizontal
Christine Brodien-Jones, The Glass Puzzle|Zoe let the poetry flow over her, like shadows on water, sunlight against stone: timeworn words shaped like stars, like shells, like the ruins of lost temples, soft as the breaths of mystics.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|When they want to leave, they accuse you with endless flaws.
|Your physical appearance alone could capture their eyes, but might not steal their hearts.
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|Literature is still doing the same job that mythology did earlier, but filling in its huge cloudy shapes with sharper lights and deeper shadows.
Sunday Adelaja|The Protestant church today need to borrow a leaf from the actions of the Protestants of old. We need to preach the gospel not just from the aspect of selfish gains and profit, but from the kingdom perspective whereby we strive to build the kingdom of God through each believer on the earth as it is in heaven.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Writing for the sake of writing, writing that draws its credibility from its very existence, is a foreign idea to most Americans. As a culture, we want cash on the barrel head. We want writing to earn dollars and sense so that it makes sense to us. We have a conviction—which is naive and misplaced—that being published has to do with being “good” while not being published has to do with being “amateur.” ...“Did you write today?”“Yes.”“Then you’re a writer today.”It would be lovely if being a writer were a permanent state that we could attain to. It’s not, or if it is, the permanence comes posthumously.A page at a time, a day at a time, is the way we must live our writing lives. Credibility lies in the act of writing. That is where the dignity is. That is where the final “credit” must come from.
Leigh Brackett, The Long Tomorrow|I guess we speak pretty loosely, don't we, about looking forward to the Ashes and all that—and we are, but it's not with both eyes. We've got one eye on that and one eye on what we need to get in place to make sure we're the best team we can be for November.
Wyndham Lewis, Letters|What is the good of being an island, if you are not a volcanic island?
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Spiritual life is not mystic; when you decide to work with God, you have stepped to mystery, God can intervene at any time, God can come down even when you are not ready. From the minute you know and understand that God is interested in your marriage, job, business, health, the minute you know that God is interested in what you are doing for Him, the job will take a new turn, your business will take a new course, your life will have a new direction.
Avery Flynn, Bang|I'm trying to picture you growing up with sisters."	"I can do a double French braid in less than three minutes and I've bought more tampons than a thirty-one-year-old man should ever admit to.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|I never travel without my Stetson, but the more I wear it the more I realise that no one wears hats any more. When I was a kid everybody wore hats, especially in Texas, but I get off the plane in Dallas now and I'm the only guy with a hat. It's amazing.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|Consider anything, only don’t cry!
Abigail Roux, Shock & Awe|A diamond wedding ring, you say?”I studied his face. Was he putting me on? He looked earnest. “As any guy would expect, a diamond is what she’s after,” I said. “Did you hold out hope you’d get by for anything less?
Jack D. Zipes, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|Come sit, dear," the old woman said. "We were just discussing kelpies and changelings."I turned a delightfully amused face at Ronan, hoping to see him embarrassed to be caught in a world of fantasy, but his face was impassive, completely unperturbed. Those were the hardest boys to ignore: the ones that weren't concerned with your opinion of them, not afraid to be caught listening to fairytales.
Gary Parker|If faith never encounters doubt, if truth never struggles with error, if good never battles evil, how can faith know its own power? In my own pilgrimage, if I had to choose between a faith that has stared doubt in the eye and made it blink, or a naive faith that has never known the firing line of doubt, I will choose the former every time.
Tim Heaton|Don't take on about her, Gabriel. What difference does it make whose sweetheart she is, since she can't be yours?''That's the very thing I say to myself,' said Gabriel.
Megan Charpentier|I'd been on 'SVU' before and I'd been on 'Criminal Intent,' but I wasn't a follower. Like, my mom watches every episode, even before I was on it.
Kiese Laymon, How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America|The man of courage is not the man who did not face adversity. The man of courage is the man who faced adversity and spoke to it. The man of courage tells adversity, "You're trespassing and I give you no authority to steal my joy, my faith or my hope.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I had come from wondrous lands, from landscapes more enchanting than life, but only to myself did I ever mention these lands, and I said nothing about the landscapes which I saw in dreams. My feet stepped like theirs over the floorboards and the flagstones, but my heart was far away, even if it beat close by, false master of an estranged and exiled body.
Gottfried Leibniz|The Church is the new creation, it is life and joy, it is the sacramental fellowship in which we share the ultimate purpose of God, made real for us now in our hearing the Word and sharing the Sacrament.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|If you are afraid to fail, your successes will be few, common, and unmemorable.
Vergi Crush|as you know that prior to Search Enggine (google, yahoo, bing etc) our knowledge comes from books. and we often underestimate the cover of the book before reading it. where the universe and everything in it were all neatly recorded in the book .. but unfortunately, lately reduced book reader interest. and tonight I say that the inspiration of the book far more powerful than anything .. not even a lot of writers who took also into his imagination. yes, I started to read
Rosamund Hodge|I hated you,“ said Laurent. "I hated you so badly I thought I’d choke on it. If my uncle hadn’t stopped me, I would have killed you. And then you saved my life, and every time I needed you, you were there, and I hated you for that, too.
Robert Frank|I'm a hopeless romantic. It's disgusting. It really is. I've seen 'While You Were Sleeping', like, twenty times, and I still believe in the whole Prince Charming thing.
|If you deprive your mind from positive thinking, it would in return starve you from positive living.
Mechai Viravaidya|I believe human beings mark a threshold in the development of the planet, of course, but it is only part of the picture. What Big History can do is show us the nature of our complexity and fragility and the dangers that face us, but it can also show us our power, with collective learning.
Jonathan Friesen|She glanced outside at the sky, filled with clouds and smog. All the pollution, all that hell—even the stars didn’t stand a chance.
Emrys|in a crowd of roses, choose to be a sunflower.thornless. unwithering. abundant in seeds
Charles Barkley|My other family is Fleetwood Mac. I don't need the money, but there's an emotional need for me to go on the road again. There's a love there; we're a band of brothers.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, The Drowning Girl|After Abalyn said what she said, I panicked. Someone tells me I can't remember what I definitely do remember, and sometimes I panic. I'm not as used to it as I often pretend. As I pretend to be used to it, I mean to say. The false memories.
Sudheer Reddy|I wrestle with my mind, but seldom win.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|They tell us race is an invention, that there is no genetic variation between two black people than there is between a black person and a white person. Then they tell us black people have a worse kind of breast cancer and get more fibroid. And white folk get cystic fibrosis and osteoporosis. So what’s the deal, is race an invention or not?
Sally Green, Half Lost|Isn’t that a view worth looking at? Nice and far from the marketplace, ain’t it? No buying and selling and getting gain. You don’t have to pay anything- all that sea and sky free- 'without money and without price.
Lloyd Alexander, The Arkadians|...Writings can be stolen, or changed, or used for evil purposes. But isn't the risk worth taking? The more people who share knowledge, the greater safeguard for it. Isn't there more danger in ignorance than knowledge?
Anna Chlumsky|The donning of the ear buds marks the beginning of teen life, when children set off on their own for the passage through adolescence.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|Healing was a terrifying and painful experience and my life was as full of struggle and heartache as it had always been. Several years after I started therapy, I began to feel happy. I was stunned. I hadn't realized that the point of all this work on myself was to feel good. I thought it was just one more struggle in a long line of struggles. It took a while before I got used to the idea that my life had changed, that I felt happy, that I was actually content. Learning to tolerate feeling good is one of the nicest parts of healing.
Chris Campanioni, Going Down|I couldn’t decide whether it was better to be the art, or the artist.
Paul Miller, A Praying Life|One advantage of static factory methods is that, unlike constructors, they have names.
Maria Erving|All throughout our lives, we selectively draw on selected shavings of life events and reflect upon them through consciousness, creating an arranged catalogue of senses, faculties, and mental activities that compose our personal life story.
Jeremy Pierre, The Dynamic Heart in Daily Life: Connecting Christ to Human Experience|When the Lord's request comes, will remove all other demands.
Jan Jansen|Dreams don't come true, they are true.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Essays and Aphorisms|It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.
Piet Hein|Zizi was young and often confused about how to live his life, and when he made a choice he clung to it with fierce resolve, as if to beat his uncertainty into submission.
Charles Jencks|It's such a pleasurable experience to look back, and all of the fun I had just comes rushing back.
John Barnese|Ideas can't die, not because they are conceived by humans, but because time begets them.
Auliq Ice|You can only see progress when you start doing something, so don't expect anything without your efforts.
Cornel West, Race Matters|it is the people who control the Government, not the Government the people.
Robyn Davidson|If I do depart this world out here, let it be known that I went out grinning will you, and loving it. LOVING IT.Steve, are you listening ? I FEEL GREAT. Life’s so joyous, so sad, so ephemeral, so crazy, so meaningless, so goddamn funny. This is paradise, and I wish I could give you some.
Enya|One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, The Crimson Curtain|(it was) beautiful, like so many senseless things.
Deyth Banger|If I can keep writing just one good page a day, I will have 15 published novels in my expected lifetime. Tick, tick, tick...
Agath Christie|The German pilot had come up and was standing by smiling as Mr. Parker Pyne finished answering a long interrogation which he had not understood."What have I said?" he asked of the German"That your father's Christian name is Tourist, that your profession is Charles, that the maiden name of your mother is Baghdad, and that you have come from Harriet.
John Piper|Owl," said Rabbit shortly, "you and I have brains. The others have fluff. If there is any thinking to be done in this Forest--and when I say thinking I mean thinking--you and I must do it.
Aline Ohanesian, Orhan's Inheritance|There, in the spaces between darkness and light, a sadness hangs in the air, invisible to the human eye yet heavy on the heart.
Edward Conze, Buddhist Scriptures|Abide not with dualism,Carefully avoid pursuing it;As soon as you have right and wrong,Confusion ensues, and Mind is lost. (172)
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|From all that I saw,and everywhere I wandered,I learned that time cannot be spent,It only can be squandered.
Jeaniene Frost|I think we need to have a little talk, woman to skank.
Ed Gillespie|An old African leader says about leadership, he says that leadership should never be shared; it should always remain in the hands of the dispossessed people. We will lead the revolution.
Marty Rubin|Where our attention goes, our mind and body go, too.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|A big silvery janitor. Penny, this can’t be how the universe works.” “In the Order we call it ‘inverse profundity.’ We’ve observed it in any number of cases. The deeper you go into the cosmic mysteries, the less interesting everything gets.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You can see your real face only when you stop deceiving yourself! Until then, you will always see someone which is not you!
Bree Loewen, Pickets and Dead Men: Seasons on Rainier|During my three seasons at Mount Rainier I learned a lot about mountain climbing and rescues, about politics and camaraderie in the mountains, and about what being a woman climber means. Now I know in all certainty when to bring my toothbrush and when to leave it at home, and, all things considered, that kind of confidence is hard to come by. The greatest skill I ever had, though, was the one I started with: being able to suffer for long periods of time and not die. In exchange, I got to see some amazing things.
Ronnie McBrayer, Leaving Religion, Following Jesus|Loyal companions are an unequaled grace, stanching fear before it bleeds you numb, a reliable antidote for creeping despair.
Lee Strobel|Southeast Asia food uses many different types of spices which are quite new to me, like the curry leaves which I saw at the Kreta Ayer wet market in Chinatown. With such spices used in cooking, this usually imparts a strong aroma to Southeast Asian food, which appeals to the senses.
Nikki Rowe|Before your awake, all you do is seeWhen your awake, all you do is feel.
Gene Tierney|A woman can be very beautiful and an ideal model and she will photograph incredibly well, but she'll appear in film and it won't work. What works is some fusion of physical beauty with some mental field or whatever you call it. I don't know.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Love, like fire, goes out without fuel.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There's a direct correlation between faith in the righteousness of Christ and zeal in the cause of Christ. The more a person counts as loss his own righteousness and lays hold by faith of the righteousness of Christ, the more he'll be motivated to live and work for Christ.
Richard Hell, Go Now|Why is it that showers and even storms seem to come by chance, so that many people think it quite natural to pray for rain or fine weather, though they would consider it ridiculous to ask for an eclipse by prayer?
D.A. Carson, Worship by the Book|Every moment I live, I live bowed to something. And if I don't see God, I'll bow down before something else.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|I was so mad, I reached into the drawer for her fake sushi eraser and put it in my pocket. Serves her right for being such a big, fat, Eggo-scarfing liar.
Joseph Addison|Whiskey's to tough, Champagne costs too much, Vodka puts my mouth in gear. I hope this refrain, Will help me explain, As a matter of fact, I like beer.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To really change the world, we have to help people change the way they see things. Global betterment is a mental process, not one that requires huge sums of money or a high level of authority. Change has to be psychological. So if you want to see real change, stay persistent in educating humanity on how similar we all are than different. Don't only strive to be the change you want to see in the world, but also help all those around you see the world through commonalities of the heart so that they would want to change with you. This is how humanity will evolve to become better. This is how you can change the world. The language of the heart is mankind's main common language.
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|Crying wasn't like riding a bike. Give it up, and you quickly forget how it's done.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In the struggle for righteousness, there is nothing more helpful than being passionately in tune with Christ through His Spirit and being passionately committed to doing His will. It has been said that in order to tune in to God’s voice, we must tune out this world’s noise.
Regina Scott, The Rogue's Reform|After only a few moments in her presence, he found himself wondering what dragon he might slay for her.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I have never had, or worse yet, I have lost the conviction that life (despite all of the blows it wields and the savagery that it spawns) is nonetheless an incalculable privilege, I will have in that single loss forfeited the whole of my life and effectively wiped out any hope that I can or will do anything other than exist.
Dorit Brauer|The light is all around, but to find it, we need to look inside our hearts. We can go through life and search in all the wrong places. But one day we’ll look within and we’ll find the entire universe.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|This philosophy teaches us to leave safe harbor for the rough seas of real-world experience, and to accept that a rough copy out in the world serves us far greater than a masterpiece sitting quietly on our shelves.
Kasia Bacon, The Mutt|The first time I watched him fight, I got hard. My heart pounded in my chest, and I chewed on my lip until it bled. I vowed then I would make him mine.
J.D. Netto, The Whispers of the Fallen|Pain comes with the decision of choosing what I have to offer now, but this same pain is needed to shape you for the greater destiny ahead.
Mccann Colum|when the presence is like thunderstorm , the absence prevail deep dark silence.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible is intensely practical, and one of the reasons God gave it to us is so we’ll be better prepared to deal with life’s problems and temptations. All too often we respond to these in ways that don’t reflect Christ . . .when we do that, Satan is the winner and the cause of Christ suffers.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|What do you think the Order is going to do?" he asks. "Help us open a door to Hell, if we're lucky," I reply. Lucky. Ha ha. The irony.
Tamora Pierce|Would I serve you or (Prince) Jon stolen goods? he asked. "No, don't answer me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The blessed privilege of obtaining glorious riches in Jesus Christ, makes me content with life.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Darius did not take the bait, showing no signs of anger or irritation. "So, what you're saying is that you ugly f@*ks are not half breeds and that makes you superior? Please, do wow me with your druid sorcery.
Adair Lara, Naked, Drunk and Writing|Language does not always have to wear a tie and lace-up shoes. The object of fiction isn't grammatical correctness but to make the reader welcome and then tell a story … to make him/her forget, whenever possible, that he/she is reading a story at all.
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|The fuel for a great fire is all round them, ready to consume the evil of Plexus; we just have to wait for the spark.
Alfred Thayer Mahan|Do not be afriad! I can see that Americans are not afraid. They are not afraid of the sun, they are not afraid of the wind, they are not afraid of 'today'. They are, generally speaking, brave, good people. And so I say to you today, always be brave. Do not be afraid. Do not be afraid. God is with you. Do not be afraid to search for God-then you will truly be the land of the free, the home of the brave. God Bless America.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God is love, as we love we become like God
Carrie Ann Ryan, A Taste for a Mate|It's okay, Jasper. I, above all, know what you are feeling now. But this will be different. We’re stronger now. We will find her.” Adam gave him a rough hug before he left the shop. The sound of a car outside signaled the arrival of his brothers. Time to kick ass and find his mate.
Barack Obama|The period 1924 to 1929 was spent studying chemistry at the Czech Institute of Technology in Prague, Czechoslovakia. The supervisor of my thesis was Professor Emil Votocek, one of the prominent founders of chemical research in Czechoslovakia.
Carlos Castañeda|The average man is hooked to his fellow men, while the warrior is hooked only to infinity.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Hunger has always been more or less at my elbow when I played, but now I began to wake up at night to find hunger standing at my bedside, staring at my gauntly.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't trust others, nobody will be able to trust you.
C. D. C. Reeve|Warriors with developed senses of honour and hair-trigger tempers sensitive to the slightest insult make dangerous enemies but they also make uncertain allies. Indeed, Aristotle claims that ‘our anger is more aroused against associates and friends we think have insulted us than against strangers’. This is the dilemma at the heart of heroic values. It is, again, one reason that Homer invites the goddess to sing about anger, one reason that she sings a song in which that anger is first directed against friends and then against enemies.
Abby Wambach|The basic Buddhist stand on the question of equality between the genders is age-old. At the highest tantric levels, at the highest esoteric level, you must respect women: every woman.
Lauren Slater, Opening Skinner's Box: Great Psychological Experiments of the Twentieth Century|The lawyer's world is entire unto itself, the human pared away.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|A moving target is harder to kill, and I didn't stop running, maneuvering, until I reached home base, where I could breathe between death-defying sprints. I just need to make it home alive, and this will all be over, I told myself. Home.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|What one exorcises in this [imagery] way at little cost, and for the price of a few tears, will never in effect be reproduced
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Like some winter animal the moon licks the salt of your hand,Yet still your hair foams violet as a lilac treeFrom which a small wood-owl calls.
Pooja Hegde|Learning a foreign language, and the culture that goes with it, is one of the most useful things we can do to broaden the empathy and imaginative sympathy and cultural outlook of children.
Sherwin B. Nuland|When I went to medical school, the term 'digital' applied only to rectal exams.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have tried to enthrone the false gods of money, fame, and human intelligence; but however we try, the end is always the same: “It is appointed unto men once to die” [Hebrews 9:27 KJV].
M.K. Bhutta|The tragedy of Hetty is a ‘collide’26 between the free will and male dominant society or nobility27 or religion. If her conduct is bad and cause of her tragedy then where is the tragedy of A.D. So as a moralist, GE demands a way for ‘Hetty like human beings’ in set society. says Bhutta
Steve Harvey|Nothing on this planet can compare with a woman’s love—it is kind and compassionate, patient and nurturing, generous and sweet and unconditional. Pure. If you are her man, she will walk on water and through a mountain for you, too, no matter how you’ve acted out, no matter what crazy thing you’ve done, no matter the time or demand. If you are her man, she will talk to you until there just aren’t any more words left to say, encourage you when you’re at rock bottom and think there just isn’t any way out, hold you in her arms when you’re sick, and laugh with you when you’re up. And if you’re her man and that woman loves you—I mean really loves you?—she will shine you up when you’re dusty, encourage you when you’re down, defend you even when she’s not so sure you were right, and hang on your every word, even when you’re not saying anything worth listening to. And no matter what you do, no matter how many times her friends say you’re no good, no matter how many times you slam the door on the relationship, she will give you her very best and then some, and keep right on trying to win over your heart, even when you act like everything she’s done to convince you she’s The One just isn’t good enough.That’s a woman’s love—it stands the test of time, logic, and all circumstance....Well, I’m here to tell you that expecting that kind of love— that perfection—from a man is unrealistic. That’s right, I said it—it’s not gonna happen, no way, no how. Because a man’s love isn’t like a woman’s love.
Gretchen de la O, Eighteen at Last|Well, put it this way--I don't want to ever imagine a moment without you next to me ever again.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|But hey, what's life without a little adversity?"That had to have been the fakest attempt at optimism since my fourth grade teacher tried reasoning that we were better off without the dead kids in our class because it'd mean more turns on the playground swings for the rest of us.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|To explain the matter I will employ a simile, which yet, I confess is very dissimilar; but its dissimilitude is greatly in favour of my sentiments. A rich man bestows, on a poor and famishing beggar, alms by which he may be able to maintain himself and his family. Does it cease to be a pure gift, because the beggar extends his hand to receive it? Can it be said with propriety, that 'the alms depended partly on THE LIBERALITY of the Donor, and partly on THE LIBERTY of the Receiver,' though the latter would not have possessed the alms unless he had received it by stretching out his hand? Can it be correctly said, BECAUSE THE BEGGAR IS ALWAYS PREPARED TO RECEIVE, that 'he can have the alms, or not have it, just as he pleases?' If these assertions cannot be truly made about a beggar who receives alms, how much less can they be made about the gift of faith, for the receiving of which far more acts of Divine Grace are required!
Kirsten Gillibrand|The world helps you to keep evolving and hope it's for better. You have to rise above all the tragedies in life. You have to grow, and if you stop growing, you are old.
Kelly Vang, Star Watchers|Time is a watchful adversary, who waits enduringly for that merciless hour, hurrying to work the hands of separation.
Ramy Mohamed Sabry|If you are a special intelligent expect that God or people from "relatives or from strangers or friends,..." to get you down and your reply is must to absorb problems and try to alleviate and diminish from its sad effects
Peter Diamandis|To my knowledge, I was the first guy really to do what I do. And then later on different comedians started trying doing it.
Emma Chase, Sustained|Our car would've burned up too, but Michael, who is only twelve, got in it and backed it away. I climbed in with him and noticed some of my school books in the car, so I took them out and threw them in the fire. I figured it would save me from doing a lot of homework, but unfortunately under the headline in the paper the next day that said HARPER'S MALT SHOP BURNS TO THE GROUND IN TRAGIC FIRE it also said that seen throwing her school books into the fire was little Daisy Fay Harper. Rat's foot! No wonder Hollywood stars hate reporters, and after all that some busybody do-gooder has already bought me a new set of books.
Compton Gage|The starvation of a child has no justification, even if the crops have failed, or the population is too large.
David Rakoff, Fraud: Essays|She talks about how she can't exercise because of the ailments-a bad back, sore knees, breathing difficulties-all caused by her weight gain.
Clay Aiken|If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found time to conquer the world.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Your health, your experiences, and your life do not have to be at the mercy of your negative emotions. When you consciously choose to focus on a thought or belief that is positive, comforting, or hopeful, you’re clearing out that emotional clutter that’s weighing you down. You’re energetically shifting yourself to a better place.
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson|Often times, a person will think they know you by piecing together tiny facts and arranging those pieces into a puzzle that makes sense to them. If we don't know ourselves very well, we'll mistakenly believe them, and drift toward where they tell us to swim, only to drown in our own confusion.Here's the truth: it's important to take the necessary steps to find out who you are. Because you hold endless depths below the surface of a few facts and pieces and past decisions. You aren't only the ripples others can see. You are made of oceans.
Queen Elizabeth II|You can be creative in anything - in math, science, engineering, philosophy - as much as you can in music or in painting or in dance.
Mary Anne Radmacher|Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
Stan Slap|True leaders live their values everywhere, not just in the workplace.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|One thing I know is true. Try never to abandon hope for if you do, hope will surely try to abandon you.
Farshad Asl|They're funny things, legacies are. They can make a person's good-doings extend beyond his or her lifetime, and burden everyone else around who's related to live up to or better it. But they're always very important to maintain to the best of one's ability because that's as close to immortality one can get.
Tim Krabbé, The Rider|In interviews with riders that I've read and in conversations that I've had with them, the same thing always comes up: the best part was the suffering. In Amsterdam I once trained with a Canadian rider who was living in Holland. A notorious creampuff: in the sterile art of track racing he was Canadian champion in at least six disciplines, but when it came to toughing it out on the road he didn't have the character.The sky turned black, the water in the ditch rippled, a heavy storm broke loose. The Canadian sat up straight, raised his arms to heaven and shouted: 'Rain! Soak me! Ooh, rain, soak me, make me wet!'How can that be: suffering is suffering, isn't it?In 1910, Milan—San Remo was won by a rider who spent half an hour in a mountain hut, hiding from a snowstorm. Man, did he suffer!In 1919, Brussels—Amiens was won by a rider who rode the last forty kilometers with a flat front tire. Talk about suffering! He arrived at 11.30 at night, with a ninety-minute lead on the only other two riders who finished the race. The day had been like night, trees had whipped back and forth, farmers were blown back into their barns, there were hailstones, bomb craters from the war, crossroads where the gendarmes had run away, and riders had to climb onto one another's shoulders to wipe clean the muddied road signs.Oh, to have been a rider then. Because after the finish all the suffering turns into memories of pleasure, and the greater the suffering, the greater the pleasure. That is Nature's payback to riders for the homage they pay her by suffering. Velvet pillows, safari parks, sunglasses: people have become woolly mice. They still have bodies that can walk for five days and four nights through a desert of snow, without food, but they accept praise for having taken a one-hour bicycle ride. 'Good for you.' Instead of expressing their gratitude for the rain by getting wet, people walk around with umbrellas. Nature is an old lay with few suitors these days, and those who wish to make use of her charms she rewards passionately. That's why there are riders.Suffering you need; literature is baloney.
50 Cent|You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house and if you got a glass jaw, you should watch yo mouth: cause I'll break yo face.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|Our inventions have long been ahead of us in terms of efficiency and sanity, productivity and predictability. Oh, how we’ve wished we could be manmade, too. What has been keeping us back, keeping us messy? The animal impediment, within and without. Eliminating these impediments, we will surely be catching up with our machines, resembling them more and more impeccably.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Young men think old men fools, old men know young men to be so.
Amby Burfoot, Runner's Guide to the Meaning of Life|Sometimes in life you don't always feel like a winner, but that doesn't mean you're not a winner.
Janet Walker, Trauma Cinema: Documenting Incest and the Holocaust|Instead of showing visibly distinct alternate identities, the typical DID patient presents a polysymptomatic mixture of dissociative and posttraumatic stressdisorder (PTSD) symptoms that are embedded in a matrix of ostensibly non-trauma-related symptoms (e.g., depression, panic attacks, substance abuse,somatoform symptoms, eating-disordered symptoms). The prominence of these latter, highly familiar symptoms often leads clinicians to diagnose only these comorbid conditions. When this happens, the undiagnosed DID patient may undergo a long and frequently unsuccessful treatment for these other conditions.- Guidelines for Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder in Adults, Third Revision, p5
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|A missionary church cannot rely on the professional ministry for the primary work of mission. The role of the laity is critical because it is the lay members of the church who have the greatest contact with those who are outside of the normal structures of church life. In such a situation the task of clergy is not so much to engage in mission themselves, as to support the laity in their mission.
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|SWAT is already on its way. I'll be at your position in about ten minutes. SWAT should arrive in about fifteen to twenty."[Javier:] "I'll have her by then.
Robert Frost|As we learned after President Herbert Hoover signed the Smoot-Hawley tariff at the outset of the Great Depression, vibrant international trade is a key component to economic recovery; hindering trade is a recipe for disaster.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|I used to be Autumn Winters, daughter of an actress and an architect. I had been one of three living in this home, but now I was just Autumn Winters, and I was alone.
Ortega y Gasset|The mass-man would never have accepted authority external to himself had not his surroundings violently forced him to do so. As to-day, his surroundings do not so force him, the everlasting mass-man, true to his character, ceases to appeal to other authority and feels himself lord of his own existence. On the contrary the select man, the excellent man is urged, by interior necessity, to appeal from himself to some standard beyond himself, superior to himself, whose service he freely accepts. Let us recall that at the start we distinguished the excellent man from the common man by saying that the former is the one who makes great demands on himself, and the latter the one who makes no demands on himself, but contents himself with what he is, and is delighted with himself. * Contrary to what is usually thought, it is the man of excellence, and not the common man who lives in essential servitude. Life has no savour for him unless he makes it consist in service to something transcendental. Hence he does not look upon the necessity of serving as an oppression. When, by chance, such necessity is lacking, he grows restless and invents some new standard, more difficult, more exigent, with which to coerce himself. This is life lived as a discipline- the noble life. Nobility is defined by the demands it makes on us- by obligations, not by rights. Noblesse oblige. "To live as one likes is plebeian; the noble man aspires to order and law" (Goethe).
Criss Jami, Healology|On athleticism, God knows no favor. It seems rather he is in the business of teaching winners how to lose and losers how to win.
Marissa Piesman, Heading Uptown|Ida was a natural historian who knew how to throw in enough fiction to keep up dramtic tension. And she was replete with details, like a big fat colorful nineteenth-century historical novel, inching forward slowly....Ida's narrative line, like her waistline, was ample.
Rob Liano|If you want to find your passion, follow your daydreams.
Scott Stabile|We all get in a funk sometimes.It doesn't mean you're failing, or ungrateful, or stupid, or lost. It means you're human.The Funk happens. For all of us. We can’t be happy all the time. We don’t need to be.
Douglas Coupland|Chronocanine Envy:Sadness experienced when one realized that, unlike one's dog, one cannot live only in the present tense. As Kierkegaard said, "Life must be lived forward.
George E.P. Box, Empirical Model-Building and Response Surfaces|People who don't like math always accuse mathematicians of trying to make math complicated. (...) But anyone who does love math knows it's really the opposite: math rewards simplicity, and mathematicians value it above all else. So it's no surprise that Walter's favourite axiom was also the most simple in the realm of mathematics: the axiom of the empty set. The axiom of the empty set is the axiom of zero. it states that there must be a concept of nothingness, that there must be the concept of zero: zero value, zero items. Math assumes there's a concept of nothingness, but is it proven? No. But it must exist.And if we're being philosophical—which we today are—we can say that life itself is the axiom of the empty set. It begins in zero and ends in zero. We know that both states exist, but we will not be conscious of either experience: they are states that are necessary parts of life, even as they cannot be experienced as life. We assume the concept of nothingness, but we cannot prove it. But it must exist. So I prefer to think that Walter has not died but has instead proven for himself the axiom of the empty set, that he has proven the concept of zero. I know nothing else would have made him happier. An elegant mind wants elegant endings, and Walter had the most elegant mind. So I wish him goodbye; I wish him the answer to the axiom he so loved.
Lake Bell|Having children is not for everyone, but I think it's a beautiful lesson in it not being all about me anymore. It's a relief, in a way. It's like, this is her story now, and I'm her mom. It's a nice shift.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Let my heart fall into your life. Let my heart fall into your hand. Let it fall, let it fall - my heart to your heart.
Kathleen Norris, Dakota: A Spiritual Geography|By the time a town is 75 or 100 years old, it may be filled with those who have come to idealize their isolation. Often these are people who never left at all, or fled back to the safety of the town after a try at college a few hundred miles from home, or returned after college regarding the values of the broader, more pluralistic world they had encountered as something to protect themselves and their families from...
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|What do you think they're going to do to us when they find us guilty?" she says after a few minutes of silence have passed."Honestly?""Does now seem like the time for honesty?"I look at her from the corner of my eye. "I think they're going to force us to eat lots of cake and then take an unreasonably long nap.
Gerard Way|As for gun control advocates, I have no hope whatever that any facts whatever will make the slightest dent in their thinking - or lack of thinking.
Charles D'Ambrosio|We are all the same and need to think that we are innocent. However, we do blame others just to be innocent. We simply believe blaming will wash out ourselves. More we search innocence more we blame others. What we need to understand our purity instead of trying to prove that we are blameless.
Isabella Rossellini|Things change; your priorities change in life. So I'd never think of riding 100 miles on Christmas Day now, because I've got two kids, and it's selfish.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|We walked always in beauty, it seemed to me. We walked and looked about, or stood and looked. Sometimes, less often, we would sit down. We did not often speak. The place spoke for us and was a kind of speech. We spoke to each other in the things we saw.
Eskay Teel, Alice in Worcestershire: Brummie girls do cry|It is, after all, far too easy to pinch and kick the bizarre Mormon Church; to say it's ripe for satire and parody is to say a Catholic schoolgirl is ripe for debauchery. It's like shooting polygamist fish in a barrel of coffee.
Jules Barnard, Deep Blue|Seriously, why was it tradition to stand when the bride came in? It blocked her from seeing her groom, who was the only reason she was there in the first place.
Otto von Bismarck|If we could believe that he [Jesus] really countenanced the follies, the falsehoods, and the charlatanism which his biographers [Gospels] father on him, and admit the misconstructions, interpolations, and theorizations of the fathers of the early, and the fanatics of the latter ages, the conclusion would be irresistible by every sound mind that he was an impostor... We find in the writings of his biographers matter of two distinct descriptions. First, a groundwork of vulgar ignorance, of things impossible, of superstitions, fanaticisms and fabrications... That sect [Jews] had presented for the object of their worship, a being of terrific character, cruel, vindictive, capricious and unjust... Jesus had to walk on the perilous confines of reason and religion: and a step to right or left might place him within the gripe of the priests of the superstition, a blood thirsty race, as cruel and remorseless as the being whom they represented as the family God of Abraham, of Isaac and of Jacob, and the local God of Israel. They were constantly laying snares, too, to entangle him in the web of the law... That Jesus did not mean to impose himself on mankind as the son of God, physically speaking, I have been convinced by the writings of men more learned than myself in that lore.[Letter to William Short, 4 August, 1820]
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|Just so you know, I'm strictly a taco girl. I have tried sausage, but it's not for me." ~ Jolie
Barbara Boxer|That the caste system must be abolished if the Hindu society is to be reconstructed on the basis of equality, goes without saying. Untouchability has its roots in the caste system. They cannot expect the Brahmins to rise in revolt against the caste system. Also we cannot rely upon the non-Brahmins and ask them to fight our battle.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The word "Christianity" is already a misunderstanding; in reality there has been only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I worked, and I was excited about the next time the five of us had a joint class. When that time came, Silvia started by asking us what we were passionate about. I scribbled down my family, music, and then, as if the word demanded to be written, justice.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the greatest trial, we behold the greatness of our great God.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Minds need the unusual, because the unusual has the power to shake the mind!
Jeanette Winterson|Wide reading is important. You don’t have to like it, but it’s important to grapple with things you don’t understand. I’ve been spending the last six months getting up an hour early to try to understand economics because I need to. I don’t want to be one of these bewildered schmucks. The things that you understand will inform your writing. The bigger your mind, the better your work is going to be. You’re not born with a big mind; you have to build it. If I don’t read for an hour a day, I get ill.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|They stole you from me. They took you away for seven years. Your entire lifetime. A life sentence. The waiting has been endless. The watching. The planning. Now, finally, I’m almost ready. I’ve got a few things to take care of and then we can be reunited.
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|A vibrator can last all night, too, vampire! - Denise
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|When I was trying to earn Jesus by being good, I missed the real Jesus who wants us to love him and serve him not for what he gives but for who he is—dangerous, unpredictable, radical, and amazing.
Joe Abercrombie, Half a King|Faustus: Stay, Mephistopheles, and tell me, what good willmy soul do thy lord?Mephistopheles: Enlarge his kingdom.Faustus: Is that the reason he tempts us thus?Mephistopheles: Solamen miseris socios habuisse doloris.(It is a comfort to the wretched to have companions in misery.)
Seth Hawkins|This life has no meaning to me now. Do not grieve for me, my dear. Up until the moment I lost her, I had a wonderful life. These moments now are the ones that are hard. I’m eager to depart this world and rejoin her in the next. Then, and only then, will I finally be at peace.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|Fiction is overrated, Fly. We’ve discussed this. In the time it takes those novelist fuckers to contemplate a few poetic passages, a thousand kids die from malnutrition. Immediacy, man, that’s what counts.
A.N. Meade, Marked|I would have done better to cherish my good memories. I know that you were trying to protect me, and I admire you for that. I wish now that I had let you.”- Aimee (Marked Book #1) page 288
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|To venture causes anxiety, but not to venture is to lose one's self.... And to venture in the highest is precisely to be conscious of one's self.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|Gonzo's father told his son to grieve without reservation or embarrassment until he could grieve solemnly and inwardly, and then finally to hang up his tears and wear them only occasionally, as befits the true men of the heart. Grief is not a thing to be ashamed of or suppressed, he told Gonzo. Nor yet is it a thing to cherish. Feel it, inhabit it and leave it behind. It is right, but it is not the end.
Debasish Mridha|When your mind is tranquil, happy and peaceful, you will find peace everywhere.
Seth Adam Smith|Our lives are a journey. As we move forward, we will not only figuratively experience the geography of life: the exhilaration of high mountains, the tranquility of calm meadows, the isolation of treacherous canyons, but we will also experience the seasons of life: the hope of spring, the abundance of summer, the harvest of autumn, and yes, the darkness and depression of winter.
Richard Castle|I read your poem," I croaked. "'Fall.'"Then something I never thought would happen, happened: Marcus Flutie was shocked by something I said."You did?" he said. "I thought you lost it!""Well someone found it for me. Where do you get off saying," I lowered my voice, "we'll be naked without shame in paradise?"He didn't open his mouth."I know what that means, you know. Who do you think I am?"He didn't open his mouth."We are never going to be naked without shame in paradise."He didn't open his mouth."We're NEVER going to have sex," I whispered, clearly over-stating my case.He didn't open his mouth. The mouth that used to bite mine."And I'm just going to forget about that biting thing from the other night," I said.He looked at me right in the eyes. If he'd focused hard enough on my pupils, he could've seen his own reflection, his own face smirking at me."You couldn't forget if you tried," he said, before walking away.He's right. And I don't know if I hate him or love him for that.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If your opponent is better armed and has longer reach, then surprise is your only ally. And then you'd better hope he's half asleep.
Calvin Klein|Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property; together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can.
Maryrose Wood, The Hidden Gallery|I do not insist," answered Don Quixote, "that this is a full adventure, but it is the beginning of one, for this is the way adventures begin.
Isabel Allende, Kingdom of the Golden Dragon|To get what he wanted, a man had to give other people what they wanted.
Jasinda Wilder, Big Girls Do It Better|The willingness to show up changes us, It makes us a little braver each time.
Gloria Vanderbilt|So far as female beauty is concerned, the Circassian women have no superiors. They have preserved in their mountain home the purity of the Grecian models, and still display the perfect physical loveliness, whose type has descended to us in the Venus de Medici.
Joan Vass|People shock me when they say they never read. When I was young, if people didn't read they would never admit it. Now, its quite acceptable to be anti-intellectual.
Aliyah Burke, Code Name: Papa|Christ, woman, were you ever going to say anything?”He grabbed her by the wrist and tugged her down the hall tothe single bathroom. “Get out of that shirt.
Rachel L. Demeter, Beauty of the Beast|Denial is our very real, personal response to our own trauma. But denial is the normative response to trauma—by everyone. Society may deny that anything bad ever happened to us. It may deny that DID exists. But that doesn't mean to say it's right. All it says is that like global warming, our histories and our stories are an "inconvenient truth".͏
David Rosenfelt, Leader of the Pack|By standard intelligence texts, the dogs have failed at the puzzle. I believe, by contrast that they have succeeded magnificently. They have applied a novel tool to the task. We are that tool. Dogs have learned this--and they see us as fine general-purpose tools, too: useful for protection, acquiring food, providing companionship. We solve the puzzles of closed doors and empty water dishes. In the folk psychology of dogs, we humans are brilliant enough to extract hopelessly tangled leashes from around trees; we can conjure up an endless bounty of foodstuffs and things to chew. How savvy we are in dogs' eyes! It's a clever strategy to turn to us after all. The question of the cognitive abilities of dogs is thereby transformed; dogs are terrific at using humans to solve problems, but not as good at solving problems when we're not around.
Torsten Wiesel|I was depressed a lot as a kid, and I was really sad and wouldn't be able to get out of bed.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...wherever there is society, there is authority and the temptation to disobedience because our individual wills refuse to submit...
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: A New Beginning|We have an obligation to feel guilty." The words came out of her lips as if she were reciting an elegy. "Guilty. Because we kill the ones we love.
Petra Hermans|I tell you, mister, if there’s anything good about being a hot-tempered bitch, it’s knowing right well what buttons to push in others seeing as they’re the same ones what get your own back up.
Jean M. Twenge, Generation Me: Why Today's Young Americans Are More Confident, Assertive, Entitled--and More Miserable Than Ever Before|The purpose of school is for children to learn, not for them to feel good about themselves all the time.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and we're going to get through it. Just be strong.
Karel Čapek, The Absolute at Large|It is a foible of our human nature that when we have an extremely unpleasant experience, it gives us a peculiar satisfaction if it is “the biggest” of its disagreeable kind that has happened since the world began. During a heat wave, for instance, we are very pleased if the papers announce that it is “the highest temperature reached since the year 1881,” and we feel a little resentment towards the year 1881 for having gone us one better. Or if our ears are frozen till all the skin peels off, it fills us with a certain happiness to learn that “it was the hardest frost recorded since 1786.” It is just the same with wars. The war in progress is either the most righteous or the bloodiest, or the most successful, or the longest, since such and such a time; any superlative whatever always affords us the proud satisfaction of having been through something extraordinary and record-breaking.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|I came to the table, pulled up a chair, and sat. “Everyone brought a pet. I feel left out.” An enthusiastic howl broke the silence, and Grendel bounded through the doorway. He galloped through the steak house, skidded on the floor, smashed into my chair, and dropped a dead rat on my lap. Awesome.
Mark Twain, The Complete Humorous Sketches and Tales of Mark Twain|He done his level best.Was he a mining on the flat..He done it with a zest..Was he a leading of the choir..He done his level best.If he'd a reg'lar task to do,He never took no rest..Or if 'twas off and on the same..He done his level best.If he was preachin' on his beat,He'd tramp from east to west,And north to south ..in cold and heat..He done his level best.He'd Yank a sinner outen (Hades),And land him with the blest;Then snatch a prayer'n waltz in again,And do his level best.He'd cuss and sing and howl and pray,And dance and drink and jest,He done his level best.Whate'er this man was sot to doHe done it with a zest;No matter what his contract was,He'd do his level best...
Alice Walker|When I was really young, my mom enrolled me in dance classes.
Nelson DeMille, The Lion's Game|I tried to picture a bunch of guys in blue suits running around a beachside neighborhood, knocking on doors and flashing Fed creds. That should cause a stampede of illegal aliens heading south.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|Hash, x. There is no definition for this word - nobody knows what hash is.Famous, adj. Conspicuously miserable.Dictionary, n. A malevolent literary device for cramping the growth of a language and making it hard and inelastic. This dictionary, however, is a most useful work.
Erma Bombeck|They always gives me bath salts," complained Nobby. "And bath soap and bubble bath and herbal bath lumps and tons of bath stuff and I can't think why, 'cos it's not as if I hardly ever has a bath. You'd think they'd take the hint, wouldn't you?
Raphael Zernoff|When you open to your heart, your entire world changes--it opens up around you. You see yourself as part of a friendly universe, one that is full of possibility, one that is generating and regenerating a positive energy.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Shaman|There are no secrets, there is no mystery. We make that all up. In fact, it's all right there in front of us. You have to have enough food to get through winter and spring. That's what it all comes down to. You have to live in a way that will gather enough food each fall to get through winter.
Jeffrey Archer, A Prisoner of Birth|When will the Home Office realize that when judges retire, not only are they sent home for the rest of their lives, but the only people they have left to judge are their innocent wives.''So what are you recommending?'asked Alex as they walked into the drawing room.'That judges should be shot on their seventieth birthday, and their wives granted a royal pardon and given their pensions by a grateful nation.''I may have come up with a more acceptable solution,' suggested Alex.'Like what? Making it legal to assist judges' wives to commit suicide?''Something a little less drastic,' said Alex.
Robert McCammon, Boy's Life|You know, I do believe in magic. I was born and raised in a magic time, in a magic town, among magicians. Oh, most everybody else didn’t realize we lived in that web of magic, connected by silver filaments of chance and circumstance. But I knew it all along. When I was twelve years old, the world was my magic lantern, and by its green spirit glow I saw the past, the present and into the future. You probably did too; you just don’t recall it. See, this is my opinion: we all start out knowing magic. We are born with whirlwinds, forest fires, and comets inside us. We are born able to sing to birds and read the clouds and see our destiny in grains of sand. But then we get the magic educated right out of our souls. We get it churched out, spanked out, washed out, and combed out. We get put on the straight and narrow and told to be responsible. Told to act our age. Told to grow up, for God’s sake. And you know why we were told that? Because the people doing the telling were afraid of our wildness and youth, and because the magic we knew made them ashamed and sad of what they’d allowed to wither in themselves.After you go so far away from it, though, you can’t really get it back. You can have seconds of it. Just seconds of knowing and remembering. When people get weepy at movies, it’s because in that dark theater the golden pool of magic is touched, just briefly. Then they come out into the hard sun of logic and reason again and it dries up, and they’re left feeling a little heartsad and not knowing why. When a song stirs a memory, when motes of dust turning in a shaft of light takes your attention from the world, when you listen to a train passing on a track at night in the distance and wonder where it might be going, you step beyond who you are and where you are. For the briefest of instants, you have stepped into the magic realm.That’s what I believe.The truth of life is that every year we get farther away from the essence that is born within us. We get shouldered with burdens, some of them good, some of them not so good. Things happen to us. Loved ones die. People get in wrecks and get crippled. People lose their way, for one reason or another. It’s not hard to do, in this world of crazy mazes. Life itself does its best to take that memory of magic away from us. You don’t know it’s happening until one day you feel you’ve lost something but you’re not sure what it is. It’s like smiling at a pretty girl and she calls you “sir.” It just happens.These memories of who I was and where I lived are important to me. They make up a large part of who I’m going to be when my journey winds down. I need the memory of magic if I am ever going to conjure magic again. I need to know and remember, and I want to tell you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You will only know the road, until you have travel on it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Religion, like science, is only noteworthy when it emphasizes a matter of what is true rather than whose belief is greater or lesser or which deity works for whom. Sincere religion and tested science are similar in that their assertions can be argued logically and objectively; otherwise, we get false cults and babble.
Meg Cabot, Glitter Girls and the Great Fake-Out|I have this feeling, like I'm waiting for something. But I have no idea what.
Heather McVea, Hidden Elements|If they finally move, is it because they are warm enough, or is it that they are stiff, or bored?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mother Nature is challenging enough, let's keep oil drilling out of the picture.
Marsha Norman|In a world in which the total of human knowledge is doubling about every ten years, our security can rest only on our ability to learn.
Nicole Deese, The Promise of Rayne|Some clever and honourable nations change their regime from authoritarian to a democratic one, and some weak-kneed dictator lover miserable nations do the exact opposite! Don’t try to look for a character in a person who gave up his freedom, because he does have none!
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|It's stupid, what keeps families apart
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|There is no such thing as a plain fact of murder. Murder springs, nine times out of ten, out of the character and circumstances of the murdered person. Because the victim was the kind of person he or she was, therefore was he or she murdered! Until we can understand fully and completely exactly what kind of a person [she] was, we shall not be able to see clearly exactly the kind of person who murdered her. From that spring the necessity of our questions.
Malcolm X|Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course.
Ibn 'Abdun|Certainly the shahadah contained an important theological innovation, but that innovation was not monotheism. With this simple profession of faith, Muhammad was declaring to Mecca that the God of the heavens and the earth required no intermediate whatsoever, but could be accessed by anyone.
Sidney Sheldon, The Doomsday Conspiracy|A man who never lies must have green blood in his veins, or blue or yellow, but definitely not red!
Emma Chase, Royally Endowed|Life changes us, with its twists and turns, in ways we don't always see coming. It changes what we want, what we dream, lays blessings in our hands better than anything we could've imagined.
Anne Lamott|The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood.
Yasunari Kawabata|I’ve been an inmate in Broadmoor, Rampton and Ashworth. I was one of ‘them’. I was once Britain’s most unstable madman! This book is a complete one off! If you’re a nervous type of reader then don’t read it. You’ve been warned! You are now entering the world of insanity; please keep hold of your sanity until the book comes to a stop!
Will Shuster|The writing talent of Edinburgh is textured - we have poets, novelists, non-fiction writers, dramatists and more.
|You have a lot of great hidden abilities in you, and your destiny demands that you never stop discovering them.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe.
Tereska Torrès|Danny and I were sposed to go to his mother's house for Thanksgiving. Now what? What do I tell his mother?Well, not this. Mothers hate it when you tell them their sons are queer.
Steve Jobs|I don't want to fail, of course. But even though I didn't know how bad things really were, I still had a lot to think about before I said yes. I had to consider the implications for Pixar, for my family, for my reputation. I decided that I didn't really care, because this is what I want to do. If I try my best and fail, well, I've tried my best.
Benjamin Franklin|He was all of those things, of course, but none of those things.
Virginia Alison|And somewhere amidst the storm raging inside, between the twilight of lust and desire, entwined within the whirlwind of swirling emotions, it happened. In one lightning strike, the illusion crumbled. For I realised the naked truth...
Hugh Prather|Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|I laughed when I read about being born with two hearts, one of which is devoted only to destroying humanity.
Dorothea Benton Frank, The Hurricane Sisters|I—I don’t drink,” said Shina. The Captain clicked her tongue. “Well, I don’t know your life,” she said, “but that might be part of your greater overall problem.
Irvin S. Cobb, On an Island that Cost Twenty-Four Dollars|Then, just at the peak of complacency, when it was assumed that the climate of the world had changed forever, when the conductor of the philharmonic played Vivaldi’s Four Seasons and left out an entire movement, and when to children of a young age stories of winter were told as if they were fairy tales, New York was hit by a cataclysmic freeze, and, once again, people huddled together to talk fearfully of the millennium.
Debasish Mridha|If you are truly in love with this world and your life, then you will lose the sense of angst.
Ann Brashares|She kept walking. The very small, brave part of her brain knew that this would be her one chance. If she turned around, she would lose it.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|It would be better to have no school at all than the schools we now have. Encouraged, instead of frightened, children could learn several languages before reaching age of four, at that age engaging in the invention of their own languages. Play'd be play instead of being, as now, release of repressed anger.
William Hazlitt|Up until Trump announced his candidacy, the conventional wisdom was that you had to be a professional politician in order to run. You had to have a background that was politically scrubbed. In other words, smart people who didn't live perfect lives could never run.
Lemony Snicket|No matter who you are, no matter where you live, and no matter how many people are chasing you, what you don't read is often as important as what you do read.
Arthur Conan Doyle|For strange effects and extraordinary combinations we must go to life itself, which is always far more daring than any effort of the imagination.
Debasish Mridha|Where there is darkness, let me be the light. Where there is suffering, let me be kind and compassionate.
Leo Rosten|The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.
The Truth|Until then I had thought each book spoke of the things, human or divine, that lie outside books. Now I realized that not infrequently books speak of books: it is as if they spoke among themselves. In the light of this reflection, the library seemed all the more disturbing to me. It was then the place of a long, centuries -old murmuring, an imperceptible dialogue between one parchment and another, a living thing, a receptacle of powers not to be ruled by a human mind, a treasure of secrets emanated by many minds, surviving the death of those who had produced them or had been their conveyors.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The pathways into Sufic thinking are, it is traditionally said, almost as varied as the number of Sufis in existence.
Cory Doctorow, Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town|You know, there comes a point where you're not giving advice anymore. There comes a point where you're just moralizing, demonstrating your hypothetical superiority when it comes to doing the right thing. That's not very fucking helpful, you know. I'm holding my shit together right now, and rather than telling me that it's not enough, you could try to help me with the stuff I'm capable of.
Loretta Lynn|My parents' divorce left me with a lot of sadness and pain and acting, and especially humour, was my way of dealing with all that.
Kara Walker|There's nothing I dislike more than being in a photo shoot where they say, 'Be yourself.' That's not why I became an actress. That's what I find so funny: that you become an actor, and all of a sudden, everyone wants to know about you. But I didn't become an actor so I could show you me.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|...the act of remembering is imagined as a real act, that is, as a physical act: as walking...the means of retrieving the stored information was walking through the rooms like a visitor in a museum...to walk the same route again can mean to think the same thoughts again, as though thoughts and ideas were indeed fixed objects in a landscape one need only know how to travel through. In this way, walking is reading, even when both the walking and reading are imaginary, and the landscape of the memory becomes a text as stable as that to be found in the garden, the labyrinth, or the stations.
Saint Basil|By forgetting the past and by throwing myself into other interests, I forget to worry.
E. Haldeman-Julius, The meaning of atheism|Atheism is a conclusion reached by the most reasonable methods and one which is not asserted dogmatically but is explained in its every feature by the light of reason. The atheist does not boast of knowing in a vainglorious, empty sense. He understands by knowledge the most reasonable and clear and sound position one can take on the basis of all the evidence at hand. This evidence convinces him that theism is not true, and his logical position, then, is that of atheism.We repeat that the atheist is one who denies the assumptions of theism. he asserts, in other words, that he doesn't believe in a God because he has no good reason for believing in a God. That's atheism -- and that's good sense.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|I love you times infinity.”“Ditto, babe.” He kissed me softly.
Akiroq Brost|It's unwise to be a backseat driver, passenger or bystander in your own life.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Character modification requires active participation in challenging new experiences, but without reflection upon our encounters in life and the purposeful alteration in our base philosophy new experiences alone will not result in core personality changes. Our thoughts become our habits, and our habits reveal our character. Only by thinking and acting differently will a person attain the quality of character that they seek.
Gaston Bachelard|To feel most beautifully alive means to be reading something beautiful, ready always to apprehend in the flow of language the sudden flash of poetry.
Pete Hamill|I firmly believe, only because I've been doing this for so long, every show takes three years. 90% of them don't get three years. It just does. It takes a long time to build a community, build a friendship with your characters. It's hard for people to grasp on and make them care about you.
Soraya Diase Coffelt, It's Not about You Mr. Santa Claus: A Love Letter about the True Meaning of Christmas|[It's Not About You, Mr. Santa Claus,] is a fun read and a twist on Christmas, because it does involve Santa Claus and Jesus, and it doesn’t say that Santa Claus is bad, but it’s the child explaining to Santa Claus the true reason for the season is Jesus.
Mary Maina, The Proverbs 31 Lady: Unveiling Her Secrets Before Saying I Do|Every day of your life, you are faced with opportunities. Unfortunately, the choices that face you are not heroic choices. They are bamboo tree choices. They are small, but progressive choices that steer you in a positive direction and over time you're bound to meet success. For most of us, we spend all our lives waiting for that life changing moment that will change the course of our lives and make us successful. Unfortunately, the clock is ticking. Every day, we choose not to tend to our bamboo tree, a choice is made for us and by the time we realize it, the seasons have passed and we have nothing to show for it.
Michael Flynn, Eifelheim|It's crazy isn't it?" She shook her head. "You have to believe it, but you hate it. I don't have to believe it, and I think it's beautiful." She shook her head again. "It's crazy.
James Goss, Doctor Who: Dead of Winter|Failure to recognize one's own absolute significance is equivalent to a denial of human worth; this is a basic error and the origin of all unbelief. If one is so faint-hearted that he is powerless even to believe in himself, how can he believe in anything else? The basic falsehood and evil of egoism lie not in this absolute self-consciousness and self-evaluation of the subject, but in the fact that, ascribing to himself in all justice an absolute significance, he unjustly refuses to others this same significance. Recognizing himself as a centre of life (which as a matter of fact he is), he relegates others to the circumference of his own being and leaves them only an external and relative value.
Cory Doctorow|We are the people of the book. We love our books. We fill our houses with books. We treasure books we inherit from our parents, and we cherish the idea of passing those books on to our children. Indeed, how many of us started reading with a beloved book that belonged to one of our parents? We force worthy books on our friends, and we insist that they read them. We even feel a weird kinship for the people we see on buses or airplanes reading our books, the books that we claim. If anyone tries to take away our books—some oppressive government, some censor gone off the rails—we would defend them with everything that we have. We know our tribespeople when we visit their homes because every wall is lined with books. There are teetering piles of books beside the bed and on the floor; there are masses of swollen paperbacks in the bathroom. Our books are us. They are our outboard memory banks and they contain the moral, intellectual, and imaginative influences that make us the people we are today.
Kate Jacobs|The Babies we were are buried, and their shadows are plodding on.
Patricia Briggs, Steal the Dragon|I think it's a response to terrorism. From the time we're little girls, we're taught to fear the bad man who might get us. We're terrified of being raped, abused, even killed by the bad man, but the problem is, you can't tell the good ones from the bad ones, so you have to wary of them all. We're told not to go out by ourselves late at night, not to dress a certain way, not to talk to male strangers, not to lead men on. We take self-defense classes, keep our doors locked, carry pepper spray and rape whistles. The fear of men is ingrained in us from girlhood. Isn't that a form of terrorism?
Giles Kristian, Winter's Fire|My cock has been hiding since the day she arrived," Bjarni had said, but only when he was sure she was out of earshot, which was a full day after she left. "You worry for nothing brother," Bjorn had said, "for even a seiðr-wife (witch) cannot put a spell on something she can't see. It would be like trying to hit a louse with a spear-throw.
Debasish Mridha|No matter what you do and how you do it, you will always be criticized. Do it anyway.
Daniel James Brown, The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold at the 1936 Berlin Olympics|And he came to understand how those almost mystical bonds of trust and affection, if nurtured correctly, might lift a crew above the ordinary sphere, transport it to a place where nine boys somehow became one thing - a thing that could not quite be defined, a thing that was so in tune with the water and the earth and the sky above that, as they rowed, effort was replaced by ecstasy. It was a rare thing, a sacred thing, a thing devoutly to be hoped for.p 48
Dan Gable|For a selfie, it's not about the pose, it's about you. There's a reason why you look great in the picture or you look great in real life, because someone has caught the essence of who you are, and a pose is not you.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|Just like when you're young and in love, a seven-hour plane ride can seem like a lifetime.
Shakira|I'm from Santa Cruz in Northern California, and the 49ers were my dad and I's bonding time.
Rhiannon Frater, Pretty When She Dies|You have better luck than you think you do,” Cian said firmly.Turning back toward him, she said, “Yeah? Prove it?”You found me.”Yeah, and awakening your inner vampire, scaring the shit out of yourgirlfriend, and screwing up your life.”Then that's my bad luck,” he corrected her.
Captain Perverto|If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|A karate practitioner should possess two things : wicked hands, and Buddha's heart
Walter Pater, The Renaissance: Studies in Art and Poetry|To burn always with this hard gemlike flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Richard Dunphy, Sexual Politics|A review of 850 research papers concluded that people with religious involvement and belief system have better mental health outcomes. They have higher levels of psychological well-being such as life satisfaction, happiness, positive effect, and higher morale and less depression and suicide. If however you are gay or lesbian (in the closet or your sexuality/belief system unresolved)…….. it is the exact opposite….it can drive you crazy or kill you (suicide). Also it should be noted that this research has shown that the very places where Christian young people should feel safest (in their churches, Christian homes, schools and with friends) are actually places of harm.
E.B. White|This is what youth must figure out:Girls, love, and living.The having, the not having,The spending and giving,And the meloncholy time of not knowing.This is what age must learn about:The ABC of dying.The going, yet not going,The loving and leaving,And the unbearable knowing and knowing
Gaiven Clairmont|If hate motivates your life, you'll never know the meaning of true love
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your life is connected to other key support structures that you must never neglect, including family, fans, supporters, affiliations, professional associations, religious membership and others. Your membership to such groupings must add value to others whilst you equally get the benefit they are supposed to provide their members.
James Hudson Taylor|Even fairly good students, when they have obtained the solution of the problem and written down neatly the argument, shut their books and look for something else. Doing so, they miss an important and instructive phase of the work. ... A good teacher should understand and impress on his students the view that no problem whatever is completely exhausted.
Ren Ng|I think for the wounded, ill and injured warriors, they need the best possible care that we can give them - a continuum of care that not only started on the battlefield and extended all the way to the wonderful medical facilities that we have here in the United States - but beyond.
Kate Seredy|I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a bubble in the ocean of time. At the same time, it can hold all the water of the ocean in her heart.
Brother Andrew, The Narrow Road: Stories of Those Who Walk This Road Together|I have come to see clearly that life is more than self. It is more than doing what I want, striving for what will benefit me, dreaming of all I can be. Life is all about my relationship with God. There is no higher calling, no loftier dream, and no greater goal than to live, breathe, and be poured out for Jesus Christ."--Jamie in Brother Andrew's "The Calling
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|I, myself, have killed six people. All random, all undetected, no way to trace them to me. And, let me tell you, there's nothin' like it. It's a great feeling. Yeah, I know, you're thinking. 'Aw, he's a comedian. He's just sayin' that stuff.' Good. That's exactly what I want you to think.
John McCain|There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more or less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.
C. JoyBell C.|I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.
Mark W. Boyer|Freedom is that which comes from knowledge, the freedom that comes from curiosity, the freedom that comes from the times when the first man did not refuse to look into a telescope and discovered other planets, the freedom that comes from those who tried relentlessly when all others said it was impossible. It is in this freedom that deviance has its roots.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline|She chose to look at her surroundings where they "think missionary" mind-set.
Rick Springfield|I'm thankful for the work that feminists like Gloria Steinem have done. I am a feminist, but the geography for women today is vastly different than it was in the '60s.
Jack Welch|A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.
John Steinbeck|Up ahead they's a thousan' lives we might live, but when it comes, it'll on'y be one. If I go ahead on all of 'em, it's too much. You got to live ahead 'cause you're so young, but—it's jus' the road goin' by for me.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|This concern, feebly called 'love of nature', seemed to Shevek to be something much broader than love. There are souls, he thought, whose umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as an enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus.
Camila Cabello|I have been doing a lot of romantic movies, so such roles don't excite me much now. I would like to play an out-and-out, really cruel villain once. My character in 'Da Thadiya' had such a streak, but I want a full length villainous role. It is a different kind of excitement.
Sarah Darer Littman, Backlash|The ManAlive program teaches how the “angry man” is more often a response to experiencing a threat to their “image,” which triggers a fight or flight response. When the sympathetic nervous system gets triggered – breathing is more rapid, heart rate increases, blood pressure goes up – men call this stimulated response “anger.” In fact, anger is more often a response to injustice. What these men are experiencing is not anger but an arousal state. This is key information for men to have because, as they learn to interrupt this hyperarousal, they have more oppor-tunity to connect with what they may actually be feeling.
Tove Jansson|Explanations are ghosts of guilt, shadows of sympathy, and I have no use for them.
The Verve Pipe|For the life of me I cannot remember, what made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise. For the life of me I cannot believe we'd ever die for these sins, we were merely freshmen.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|I find it hard to describe what it is like to look fully into eyes that one has known that well--known better than one knows the look of one's own eyes, actually--and then put away, deliberately forgotten. That instantly reasserted intimacy, that resumption of what looks like friendly concern, is like nakedness, like exposure.
Sunday Adelaja|Do not to look at what you are seeing, do not look at the visible work
Anna Kendrick|My mom, God rest her soul - she liked nicknames. In the womb she named me Skip. There was another black guy in Piedmont, W.Va., and his name was Skip. They called him Big Skip, and I was Little Skip.
Winston S. Churchill, Blood, Sweat and Tears|You see these dictators on their pedestals, surrounded by the bayonets of their soldiers and the truncheons of their police ... yet in their hearts there is unspoken fear. They are afraid of words and thoughts: words spoken abroad, thoughts stirring at home -- all the more powerful because forbidden -- terrify them. A little mouse of thought appears in the room, and even the mightiest potentates are thrown into panic.
Jillian Rose Banks|My mother was American, and my father was from the Caribbean, and there was a big open door into the world of humanity and music.
Tamron Hall|What I don't miss is living in a small town where everybody knows you, your family, and what you ate for breakfast.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|The thing that attracted me about philosophy was that it went straight to essentials. I had never liked fiddling detail; I perceived the general significance of things rather than their singularities, and I preferred understanding to seeing; I had always wanted to know everything; philosophy would allow me to appease this desire, for it aimed at total reality;philosophy went right to the heart of truth and revealed to me, instead of an illusory whirlwind of facts or empirical laws, an order, a reason, a necessity in everything.
Elizabeth Peters, The Snake, the Crocodile and the Dog|Men are so easy to manipulate, poor things.
Carlos Roche|Make no mistake: Your salary is held to the same standards your grades were held to in the educational system, where you couldn't surpass a 100 no matter how hard you worked or how intelligent you were.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|Alanna Carrington, head witch of the Philadelphia Coven, hurtled his way, and with her, trouble was a guarantee.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|If pimps and thieves were invariably sentenced, all decent people would get to thinking they themselves were constantly innocent.
Haruki Murakami|The life could be unique, incrediable, awesome, irreplaceable and gorgeous. Without "Easy-Peasy", by putting all people to solve puzzles for example. Somebody asks you a question like "Who is Janne WillDrog?" you answer like that "Never had a future, never went to library, never had a chance to be part of the White House. The White Costumed guy knows the answer!" - The find answer you must solve the riddle and to assemble the puzzle!
Megan Johns, The Path of Innocence|Innocence invites protection, yet we might be smarter to protect ourselves against it...
Tsoknyi Rinpoche, Carefree Dignity: Discourses on Training in the Nature of Mind|Through recognizing and realizing the empty essence, instead of being selfish and self-centered, one feels very open and free
Wouter Van Gastel|I am an inclusive lover, but I only do care about the virgins.
India Arie|I am light. I am not my age, I am not my race; my soul inside is all light. I am light.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|If you emit positive energy, even people who don't like you will not be negative when around you.
Anthony Liccione|If someone offers you an opportunity to get closer to your enemy, you always take it. I know that without having learned it from anyone.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We are each warriors of our own times. When we step out of our protective shell, we each encounter forces much more powerful than we are. What we learn through testing ourselves on the combat zones of our eon becomes the textbook protocol for how we shall live out the remainder of our life. The glorious skirmishes and daunting conflicts that we encounter, and what we learn from vigorous engagements on the battlefield of time, inscribe the story of our lives. Spiritual leaders help guide us in our times of doubt and self-questioning. Recognizing the value of the mentorship of spiritual guides in their self-questing ventures, persons who endure immense adversity wish to reciprocate their love of humanity by sharing the scored story of their episodic journey through the corridors of time and relay the incisive truths they discovered to any other travelers with a willing ear.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|But you will die, Amor
Mark W. Boyer|Now please don't refer to yourself ass some woman I fuck occasionally because, quite frankly, it makes me mad, and you really wouldn't like me when I"m angry.
Shannon L. Alder|Each time a man looks into your eyes, he is only searching to find himself; for he knows already, that he is part of you
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|We think there's a reason for everything, as if life was supposed to make sense. It's not exactly math. People aren't numbers. Everybody knows life doesn't make any sense at all, so we just better deal with the whole mess. Have a beer. Have a cup of coffee. Have a piece of cake. Go out to a movie. Enjoy the Popcorn.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|Under these circumstances, silence among such a large group of people is an uncomfortable thing to experience. Guilt spreads around even to those who have nothing to feel guilty about. Many held their breath. Or, as I heard later, many did what me and my mum did and closed their eyes. We closed our eyes in a bid to remove ourselves.
Billy Wood-Smith, An Interrupted Love Story|Great. So basically you're saying your entire family is trained to kick my ass if I step out of line."Sherry tapped his chest with a smirk she didn't quite feel. "AND don't you forget it.""Well, except for me," Colby replied. "I leave the fighting to my man. I'd just slip something in your food.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone With the Wind|So I have. Let me hold the baby, Scarlett. Oh, I know how to hold babies. I have many strange accomplishments. Well, he certainly looks like Frank. All except the whiskers, but give him time.”“I hope not. It’s a girl.
Hugh Jackman|I want to do movies that I'm proud of where my kids, at some point, can see and I can feel comfortable sitting there watching it with them. And just that move people. That make people feel a little bit better about themselves when they leave the theatre.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|My son will not allow any fires tonight," Gaea said from the depths of the warehouse. "He is the void that consumes all magic, the cold that consumes all fire, the silence that consumes all speech."Leo wanted to shout: "And I’m the dude that’s all out of here!
Sri Chinmoy, Yoga And The Spiritual Life; The Journey Of India's Soul|Has your soul a special mission? Yes. Your mission is in the inmost recesses of your heart, and you have to find and fulfil it there. There can be no external way for you to fulfil your mission. The deer grows musk in his own body. He smells it and becomes enchanted, and tries to locate its source. He runs and runs, but he cannot find the source. In his endless search, he loses all his energy and finally he dies. But the source he was so desperately searching for was within himself. How could he find it elsewhere?Such is the case with you. Your special mission- which is the fulfilment of your divinity- is not outside you, but within you. Search within. Meditate within. You will discover your mission.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Anger is just anger. It isn't good. It isn't bad. It just is. What you do with it is what matters. It's like anything else. You can use it to build or to destroy. You just have to make the choice."Constructive anger," the demon said, her voice dripping sarcasm. Also known as passion," I said quietly. "Passion has overthrown tyrants and freed prisoners and slaves. Passion has brought justice where there was savagery. Passion has created freedom where there was nothing but fear. Passion has helped souls rise from the ashes of their horrible lives and build something better, stronger, more beautiful.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday,
Alin Sav|Follow leaders for their questions, not only for their answers.
Lynna Banning|Courage is not walking into battle with no fear - you should know this as a soldier. Courage is feeling great fear, but walking forward anyway.Lady Lavender by Lynna Banning
Francis de Sales|No matter what has happened, you're not a pig-boy; you're an Assistant Pig Keeper!
Leon Uris|Talent isn't enough. You need motivation-and persistence, too: what Steinbeck called a blend of faith and arrogance. When you're young, plain old poverty can be enough, along with an insatiable hunger for recognition. You have to have that feeling of "I'll show them." If you don't have it, don't become a writer
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|All the best women are married, yes, they are - to all the worst men' There was an infinite slow caress in her tone but she went on rapidly 'So I shall never marry you. How should I marry a kind man, a good man? I am a barbarian, and want a barbarian lover, to crush and scarify me, but you are so tender and I am so crude. When your soft eyes look on me they look on a volcano.
Laurie  Anderson|Resistance, however, is useless. (1939)
Tricia Helfer|At 3 years old, I was imitating and doing fun little commercials for the family. Then at 5, I knew, 'OK, this is something I really like.' At 8, I was crying in front of the mirror and my mom was like, 'Oh boy, here we go. We know what she's going to do.'
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|The bristling eyebrows shot up in mock surprise. Mesmerized, the boy watched them disappear under the hanging thatch of white hair. There, almost coyly, they remained just out of sight for a moment, before suddenly descending with a terrible finality and weight.
Walter Kaufmann|Those who loved with all their heart and mind and might have always thought of death, and those who knew the endless nights of harrowing concern for others have longed for it. The life I want is a life I could not endure in eternity. It is a life of love and intensity, suffering and creation, that makes life worthwhile and death welcome. There is no other life I should prefer. Neither should I like not to die." (The Faith of a Heretic)
Denise Getson|We are all running towards a destination which doesn't exist. On our way, dogs of life keep barking at us where we respond to some and some we throw stones at. Every dog teaches a lesson we are better off without. Every knife stabs a little deeper than we deserve. Every bruise stays a lot longer than it is meant to. Encumbered by forceful lessons of life we fight for the air of elation from the breaths we take to covert them into the moments of our real existence. Everything starts with life's tyrannical dominance and ends with our impelled submissiveness. We are the puppets of external circumstances and still we believe it's all on the inside. We should be laughing at our plight, someone has framed it with such sublimity. But all we do is ache at every shred of it because that's what keeps it alive.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|It is hard to be brave, when you're only a Very Small Animal.
Jackson Lanzing, Joyride Vol. 2|Lucifer. You're my brother, and I love you. But sometimes, You're just a great big bag of dicks.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|These memories sustained him, but not so easily. Too often they reminded him of where he was when he last summoned them. They lay on the far side of a great divide in time, as significant as B.C. and A.D. Before prison, before the war, before the sight of a corpse became a banality.
Shawn Johnson|While I try to keep my fitness regimen consistent, during awards season, I'm especially conscious of what I'll be wearing and plan my workouts accordingly.
Karon Waddell|If you want something different out of life, you have to be prepared to try something new.
Milan Ljubincic|Obama's plan for "change": Let's do everything Bush did, only with more suck! Because it just didn't suck badly enough the first time!
Rowan Williams, Tokens of Trust|[Knowing God]... call it love, yes, only that can sound too emotional, or call it faith, and that can sound too cerebral. And what is it? Both, and neither... [its] the decision to be faithful, the patient refusal of easy gratifications... of Jesus' prayer in Gethsemane and on the cross, that bloody crown of love and faith. That is how I learn finally of a God who will not be fitted into my catergories and expectations... the living truth too great for me to see, trusting that He will see and judge and yet not turn me away... That is the mercy which will never give us, or even let us be content with less than itself and less than the truth... we have seen the truth enacted in our own world as mercy, grace and hope, as Jesus, the only-begotten, full of grace and truth..
Jodi Lyn O'Keefe|Caesar might have married Cleopatra, but he had a wife at home. There's always something.
John Daniel Thieme|. . .in your light, had I learned to love, here		in your beauty, could I speakknowing of this space close withinas the breath held inside a garden rose, there—	there is no time.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|[It] is nevertheless better than the theological concept, of deriving morality from a divine, all-perfect will, not merely because we do not intuit this perfection, but can derive it solely from our concepts, of which morality is the foremost one, but because if we do not do this (which, if we did, would be a crude circle in explanation), the concept of his will that is left over to us, the attributes of the desire for glory and domination, bound up with frightful representations of power and vengeance, would have to make a foundation for a system of morals that is directly opposed to morality.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|The urban capitalists and the bourgeoisie differ in linguistic habits and dress from the workers. They don't live together in one integrated society, but as two separate societies that speak different languages both literally and metaphorically. The urban capitalists do not know the life led by workers. Workers experience hardships that are unheard of amongst villagers and these evoke malice in the urban workers, easily stirred by union leaders who use them to ride to power. Villagers are different. Teaching the villagers cannot easily change what they have inherited from the environment and the past they have known and in which they have grown up. The village entrepreneur wore only a sarong in the past. Some of them wore a sarong and slung another over a shoulder. The poor villager's dress is also a sarong. The village entrepreneur speaks Sinhalese, which is the language of the poor villager too. On the day of the traditional New Year, the children of both the rich and the poor in the village eat together and play together in the homes of the villager elite. All this subdues feelings of resentment against the wealthy villagers. It's true that villagers suffer a great deal on account of their poverty. But unlike the urban poor, poverty amongst the villagers does not incite malice toward the wealthy, due to the rural way of life.
Piper Kerman|In order for prisons to truly serve the public, the people who run them would do well to aspire to the words of Thomas Mott Osborne, the storied warden of New York's Sing Sing Prison in the early part of the twentieth century, who vowed, 'We will turn this prison from a scrap heap into a repair shop.
George Eliot|The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
Molly Looby, Chancing the Truth|They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and mine were alight with her.
Amit Kalantri|Write as an audience member. Write what you want to see, feel and hear.
Mark Sherman Smeester|It is naive to think that sport is above politics, that any kind of level playing field exists, or that sport allows the world to put its problems on hold.
Mary Swan|Now that his children had grown into their lives, their own children too, there was no one who needed more than the idea of him, and he thought maybe that was why he had this nagging feeling, this sense that there were things he had to know for himself, only for himself. He knew, of course he knew, that a life wasn't anything like one of those novels Jenny read, that it stumbled along, bouncing off one thing, then another, until it just stopped, nothing wrapped up neatly. He remembered his children's distress at different times, failing an exam or losing a race, a girlfriend. Knowing that they couldn't believe him but still trying to tell them that it would pass, that they would be amazed, looking back, to think it had mattered at all. He thought of himself, thought of things that had seemed so important, so full of meaning when he was twenty, or forty, and he thought maybe it was like Jenny's books after all. Red herrings and misdirection, all the characters and observations that seemed so central, so significant while the story was unfolding. But then at the end you realized that the crucial thing was really something else. Something buried in a conversation, a description - you realized that all along it had been a different answer, another person glimpsed but passed over, who was the key to everything. Whatever everything was. And if you went back, as Jenny sometimes did, they were there, the clues you'd missed while you were reading, caught up in the need to move forward. All quietly there.
Cary McNeal, Are You Sh*tting Me?: 1,004 Facts That Will Scare the Crap Out of You|The Japanese island of Okunoshima, also called “Rabbit Island” after the many furry inhabitants who live there, was once home to Japan’s poison gas factories. The rabbits are descendants of ones used for chemical testing during World War II.
Jesse Ventura|The gaping wound in America’s national security is without a doubt, the unregulated dragnet surveillance capitalists.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Poverty, like obesity, has the tendency to add at least ten years to the appearance of its victims, especially those who are over the age of twenty.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|What it takes is the passion to lead and the commitment to that passion through a lifetime. A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I and me are always too deeply in conversation: how could I endure it,if there were not a friend?The friend of the hermit is always the third one: the third one is the float which prevents the conversation of the two from sinking into the depth.
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Love|He would never admit it, but he did have a heart of gold under all that crud.Solid, hard, impenetrable gold, but still gold, nonetheless.
Peter Høeg, The Quiet Girl|My alone doesn't always feel good, but I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude
Emory R. Frie, Enchanted Forest|Everything is going to change. We just need to see how those changes are going to play out, for better or worse.
Rosanna Leo, Sweet Hell|If you need an alarm clock, you need a new job.
Alan Forrest Smith, Escape From Zoomanity|they say 'lifes never fair'. That's a myth from Zoomanity. Life is fair, life is good, we all get the same, its YOU that makes the diference and you only. Blaming life is a myth created by zoomanity so you can unload of your actions onto something else. This creates a passive accepting human – THE ZOOMAN!
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|When one person of whole nation fails to achieve his set goals, it influence the whole country.. That is why most of the countries are victim of terrorism, theft, snatching and etcetera
Shannon Dermott, Waiting for Mercy|if i had to choose between breathing or loving you, i would say 'i love you' with my last breath
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|ALS is like a lit candle: it melts your nerves and leaves your body a pile of wax.. you cannot support yourself standing.. you cannot sit up straight. By the end, if you are still alive.. your soul, perfectly awake, is imprisoned inside a limp husk.. like something from a science fiction movie, the man frozen inside his own flesh.
Augustus Y. Napier|Even though we were still waiting for Don, therapy was well begun. We were engaged in a subtle, often predictable, and very important contest with the family about who was going to be present at the meetings. Carl and I had revealed some of what our relationship had to offer: a good-humored liking for each other, an ability to cooperate, and an insistence on remaining ourselves. I was clearly not going to be the reverential assistant to the older man. And perhaps most important, Carl had intuitively modeled some of the process of therapy for the family. By sharing insight into his own personality, he was saying by demonstration, "It's important to search for you own unconscious agenda.
Milo Gathema|Talk to her, goddamnit. She ain't a stick of furniture. She is one of God's creatures, and she will hear you. I see these goddamned people walkin' dogs, yakking on their phones, makes me wanna kick their sissy asses. What they got a dog for, they want to talk on their phones? That dog there will understand you, Officer James. She will understand what's in your heart. Am I just shouting at the grass and dog shit out here, or are you reading what I am telling you?
Byron Dorgan|Nothing is worse, or more of a breach of the social contract between citizen and state, than for government officials, bureaucrats and agencies to waste the money entrusted to them by the people they serve.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|These people are real to me, and situations keep coming up where their emergence feels natural. It's like meeting old friends. I hope readers feel the same way.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Instead of reality being passively recorded by the brain, it is actively constructed by it.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|When a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moment, past, present, future, always have existed, always will exist.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|I didn't ask to be born!""No, but I asked." He was breathing hard. His eyes hard and glinting with a fire that burned straight through me. "I asked for you every day of my life!
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Privilege" is something else."Privilege" is a judgment."Privilege" is an opinion."Privilege" is an accusation.
Maya Angelou|I couldn't tell fact from fiction,Or if the dream was trueMy only sure predictionIn this world was you.I'd touch your features inchly. Beard love and dared the cost, The sented spiel reeled me unreal And I found my senses lost.
Carl Paladino|To be sure, American higher education is a diverse ecosystem, comprising institutions of all sizes, price tags, and mission statements.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Some want, to be exempt. They do not want to excel, they do not want to exert. They want to be considered excellent, for desiring to be held exempt, from all accountability.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|Jealous?""Maybe.""No reason. I like my ladies with a pulse.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|So while this is a book about fighting back, in the end this is a book about love. The songbirds and the salmon need your heart, no matter how weary, because even a broken heart is still made of love. They need your heart because they are disappearing, slipping into that longest night of extinction, and the resistance is nowhere in sight. We will have to build that resistance from whatever comes to hand: whispers and prayers, history and dreams, from our bravest words and braver actions. It will be hard, there will be a cost, and in too many implacable dawns it will seem impossible. But we will have to do it anyway. So gather your heart and join with every living being. With love as our First Cause, how can we fail?
Michael  Jackson, Moonwalk|Beauty thinks it needs no talent and can feed on itself, so it soon dies.
Stephen King|Keep trying, especially at first. It can be very discouraging if your submissions keep being rejected by a publisher, but if your work is what people want to read, you should get there eventually!
Richard Smalley|My office has two buildings that function like the right and left sides of the brain. There's a room where everything is being edited for an upcoming project, but you can pull out of that into a tranquil space to work in a different, more solitary medium. It's an architectural unfolding of the process instead of just one chaotic structure.
Sarah Micklem, Firethorn|We all think we are gods, when we are no more than gnats.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|...the message being sent out by a broken window-the perception it invites-is that the owener of this building and the people of the community around it don't care if this window is broken: They have given up, and anarchy reigns here. Do as you will, because nobody cares.
Zeresenay Alemseged|From the age of 8, I learned that nothing in the entertainment industry is real. It's all fake. Your face, your clothes, what you say - it's all a fake.
Ryan Trecartin|What is wine? It is the grape present in another form; its essence is there, though the fruit which produced it grew thousands of miles away, and perished years ago. So the object of many a tender thought may be spiritually present, in defiance of space - and fond recollections cherished in defiance of time.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|When you begin, you envision a better end but, when you get to the end, you see the beginning better!
C. JoyBell C.|Because she looks to the sky so often, people think that her life is sweet, that her eyes are dotted with dreamy stars. But quite the opposite is true and I wish they could see— she looks up so much because all around her it's hard to see without breaking her heart. She once saw in a movie a window sign that said "We're all in the gutter; but some of us are looking at the stars." From that movie onwards, she decided to look up! Doesn't mean her life is sweet, doesn't mean her eyes are dotted with dreamy stars.
Ted Hughes, Birthday Letters|Nobody wanted your dance,Nobody wanted your strange glitter, your flounderingDrowning life and your effort to save yourself,Treading water, dancing the dark turmoil,Looking for something to give.
Sherry Thomas, Ravishing the Heiress|It won’t be disagreeable,” he said. “It can be made quite enjoyable.”“Oh, it had better be,” she said tartly. “I’ve heard plenty over the years on your amatory prowess. If I’m not on the roof crowing, I will consider myself disappointed.
Pier Paolo Pasolini, Selected Poetry of Pier Paolo Pasolini, The: A Bilingual Edition|Those who cannot attack the thought, instead attack the thinker.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Jeese, I thought, fear choking me. I was being targeted by a ‘tangoed’ psychopath!
Anaïs Nin, Henry and June: From "A Journal of Love"--The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin|The truth is that this is the only way I can live: in two directions. I need two lives. I am two beings. When I return to Hugo in the evening, to the peace and warmth of the house, I return with deep contentment, as if this was the only condition for me. I bring home to Hugo a whole woman, freed of all 'possessed' fevers, cured of the poison of restlessness and curiosity which used to threaten our marriage, cured through action. Our love lives, because I live. I sustain and feed it. I am loyal to it, in my own way, which cannot be his way. If he ever reads these lines, he must believe me. I am writing calmly, lucidly while waiting for him to come home, as one waits for the chosen lover, the eternal one.
James Joyce|That year, a middle-aged acquaintance asked me what my favorite book was and I said "On the Road." He smiled, said, "That was my favorite book at sixteen." At the time , I thought he was patronizing me, that it was going to be my favorite book forever and ever, amen. But he was right. As an adult, I'm more of a Gatsby girl-more tragic, more sad, just as interested in what America costs as what it has to offer.
Nikki Rowe|It's amazing how you could be with someone for years and yet not love them in the same intensity as; you do love someone else, the very moment you meet them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You can sleep in a forest and have a nice dream. But when you wake up, you will have a much better dream: The Magnificent Reality!
Ted Deutch|In 'Citizens United v. FEC', the Supreme Court ruled that sections of the federal campaign finance law known as McCain-Feingold imposed unconstitutional restrictions on the First Amendment rights of corporations.
Axel Avian, Agent Colt Shore Domino 29|Both his voice and eyes had the burning cold of alcohol. His strength no longer lay in his military experience or his knowledge of the map, but in his harsh, impetuous soul.
Vanessa Veselka, Zazen|I looked at the woman crying over the doll and felt something else. I was sick of people acting against their own interests. Mooing about how to refinance the slaughterhouse. Putting skylights in the killing pen and pretending the bolt in the brain was a pathway to a better field. I paid my bill. Save your fucking pennies for a gun and a history book, I thought.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I give the truths of to-morrow.""I prefer the mistakes of today.
Katee Sackhoff|I'm sad to see celluloid go, there's no doubt. But, you know, nitrate went, by the way, in 1971. If you ever saw a nitrate print of a silent film and then saw an acetate print, you'd see a big difference, but nobody remembers anymore. The acetate print is what we have. Maybe. Now it's digital.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|By balancing your breathing, you can control your emotions and calm your mind. From the quiet mind arises the wisdom and insight that help you make good choices.
Chris Colfer, Struck By Lightning: The Carson Phillips Journal|My story is important not because it is mine, God knows, but because if I tell it anything like right, the chances are you will recognize that in many ways it is also yours… it is precisely through these stories in all their particularity, as I have long believed and often said, that God makes himself known to each of us more powerfully and personally. If this is true, it means that to lose track of our stories is to be profoundly impoverished not only humanly but also spiritually.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|In the movies, God is an actor just like everyone else.
Amy Stolls, The Ninth Wife|You know, for a while there we kept horses for the boys, and we had a mare that had broken down. Couldn't ride it... You could feed it and brush it and water it and all. Sometimes, I've thought that's what most marriages get to. A horse you still care a little about but cannot any longer ride.
Fabrizio Moreira|I think it is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams. Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition. In fact, there are so few people this crazy that I feel like I know them all by first name.
Ron Baratono|Just a simple prayer today, for those who are sick or going through darkness of any kind. Dear God, we ask that you place your healing hands on the shoulders of our friends and loved ones, who are suffering and relieve them of these hardships, in Jesus name. Amen.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Without waiting for others acknowledge your purpose, remaining balanced when things don’t work out, and uncompromising in your effort; realize that you have a piece of the universe for which she cannot exist without.
Munia Khan|Some pain has no relief,it can only be sealed You can grasp the wound to feel the scar unhealed.
Sasha Alsberg|Honestly, I hate when in books, the guys changes the girl's life. Like, no. The girl needs to change her own life.
Lord Robin|Absolute solution comes from absolute problem, ultimate certainty comes from ultimate uncertainty, total acceptance comes from total rejection, complete perfection comes from complete flaw, ample richness comes from ample poverty, foolproof protection comes from unyielding danger and unlimited liberty comes from unlimited restriction. Each one is coincident of another as dark is coincident of light.To such a degree, never try to escape from them.Rather bravely and wisely engage to sort them out . You know, these wonderful stuffs fetch for its tail all wonderful-reverse-stuffs, making your life tested and dignified.Never give up rather wake-up, have a great shower, eat, dress up and join in the struggle. Neither dishearten yourself nor give ears to others' words, just keep faith on you, believe your own intuition and keep the struggle going...I am damn sure, Success, it must lay its head eventually beneath your noble feet as a flunky of order execution and will crown you as the king."Many Cheers from Lord Robin
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|I tapped around on my new Miracle Phone—a gift from Joseph—as I listened to the discussion about our next move. I wasn’t trying to be rude, but I’d recently become addicted to this one game on my Miracle Phone. Really, I was listening. I could multitask like no other. Trust me, there’s an app for that.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|How can I use what most excites me to achieve what I most want to be, do, or experience?
Jay Kristoff, Nevernight|The brighter the light, the deeper the shadow.
Aayush Jain|He never looked back, the day he realized the power of presentations.
Jan Karon|As long as you have any floor space at all, you have room for books! Just make two stacks of books the same height, place them three or four feet apart, lay a board across them, and repeat. Viola! Bookshelves!
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|Jealousy knows no logic, nor does it respect reciprocity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please God, be merciful to me!
Matthew Lee Anderson|He wants to see, he wants to know, only to see and know. I'm aware that it is this mentality, this curiosity, which is responsible for the hydrogen bomb and the imminent demise of civilization and that we would all be better off if we were still at the stone-worshipping stage. Though surely it is not this affable inquisitiveness that should be blamed.
Kristen Reed, Five Nights With Pharaoh|I tried to close my ears to the strange worshipful chanting and fix my mind on God, but the Egyptians’ idolatry weighed down my weary shoulders and brought tears to my closed eyes.
Zig Ziglar|Take one cup of love, two cups of loyalty, three cups of forgiveness, four quarts of faith and one barrel of laughter. Take love and loyalty and mix them thoroughly with faith; blend with tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope. Sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Wrap it regularly with lots of hugs. Serve generous helpings daily.
Theodore Dreiser, Jennie Gerhardt|In many cases where one is content to lead a secluded life it is not necessary to say much of one's past, but as a rule something must be said. People have the habit of inquiring—if they are no more than butchers and bakers. By degrees one must account for this and that fact, and it was so here. .
George Clooney|Nothing that Robert Plant does will ever equal Led Zeppelin, but that doesn't mean he's going to stop being creative. Jimmy Page has so many incredibly cool projects, but it's not Led Zeppelin; there will only ever be one Led Zeppelin.
Nikki Rowe|Healing your wounds will hurt, so cry. Cry your pretty little heart out until you have nothing left to shed, that's how beauty is grown; through the darkest of our days we become the light.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|The old, defiant chant rose in her mind: If I want, I will learn. If I want, I will fight. If I want, I will live. And I want. And I will. This was going to be fun.
Richard Holbrooke|We've climbed the mighty mountain. I see the valley below, and it's a valley of peace.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The vacancy in your heart doesn't connotes that nobody is seeking for the job of servicing your feelings, but because the employee must first have all the necessary credentials needed for the job.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|Don't wish,"said Rain, "don't start. Wishing only...
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Waking up every cold morning is always a problem especially now it's raining daily but I thank God for Proverbs 24:33 which says "...A little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to rest, then poverty will come as a robber and your want like an armed man"Whenever I think of that verse, no matter how sweet the sleep is or how cold the morning is, I always stand up on my feet to get set for work
Masashi Kishimoto|A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value. I read that in a book.""If you keep staring at me, I'll hit you.""I only became part of your team recently when I replaced Sasuke, so I don't know everything that's going on. I don't really understand people either. But even I can tell that Naruto really loves you. Naruto's been shouldering that promise for a long time...I think he means to shoulder it for the rest of his life. I don't know what you said to him, but it's just like what's been done to me - it feels like a curse. Sasuke causes Naruto pain, but I think you do too.""Sasuke is only helping spread his darkness across the world. Letting him live will only sow the seeds of another war. He's just another criminal now. Sasuke lost all hope of coming back when his group, Akatsuki, attacked our village. Your fellow Konoha shinobi would never accept him now. Sakura's not stupid, either. She understands the position he's put us all in. That's why she came out here, to tell you herself.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|The missing remained missing and the portraits couldn't change that. But when Akhmed slid the finished portrait across the desk and the family saw the shape of that beloved nose, the air would flee the room, replaced by the miracle of recognition as mother, father, sister, brother, aunt, and cousin found in that nose the son, brother, nephew, and cousin that had been, would have been, could have been, and they might race after the possibility like cartoon characters dashing off a cliff, held by the certainty of the road until they looked down -- and plummeted is the word used by the youngest brother who, at the age of sixteen, is tired of being the youngest and hopes his older brother will return for many reasons, not least so he will marry and have a child and the youngest brother will no longer be youngest; that youngest brother, the one who has nothing to say about the nose because he remembers his older brother's nose and doesn't need the nose to mean what his parents need it to mean, is the one who six months later would be disappeared in the back of a truck, as his older brother was, who would know the Landfill through his blindfold and gag by the rich scent of clay, as his older brother had known, whose fingers would be wound with the electrical wires that had welded to his older brother's bones, who would stand above a mass grave his brother had dug and would fall in it as his older brother had, though taking six more minutes and four more bullets to die, would be buried an arm's length of dirt above his brother and whose bones would find over time those of his older brother, and so, at that indeterminate point in the future, answer his mother's prayer that her boys find each other, wherever they go; that younger brother would have a smile on his face and the silliest thought in his skull a minute before the first bullet would break it, thinking of how that day six months earlier, when they all went to have his older brother's portrait made, he should have had his made, too, because now his parents would have to make another trip, and he hoped they would, hoped they would because even if he knew his older brother's nose, he hadn't been prepared to see it, and seeing that nose, there, on the page, the density of loss it engendered, the unbelievable ache of loving and not having surrounded him, strong enough to toss him, as his brother had, into the summer lake, but there was nothing but air, and he'd believed that plummet was as close as they would ever come again, and with the first gunshot one brother fell within arms' reach of the other, and with the fifth shot the blindfold dissolved and the light it blocked became forever, and on the kitchen wall of his parents' house his portrait hangs within arm's reach of his older brother's, and his mother spends whole afternoons staring at them, praying that they find each other, wherever they go.
Riccardo Bruni, The Lion and the Rose|Transformation is an ongoing process that tends to appear ordinary, when, in fact, something extraordinary is taking place.
Cecil Castellucci, Brother. Prince. Snake.|Couldn't I try...Naturally, it wouldn't be a question of a tune...But couldn't I in another medium?...It would have to be a book: I don't know how to do anything else. But not a history book: history talks about what has existed - an existent can never justify the existence of another existent. My mistake was to try to resuscitate Monsieur de Rollebon. Another kind of book. I don't quite know which kind - but you would have to guess, behind the printed words, behind the pages, something which didn't exist, which was above existence. The sort of story, for example, which could never happen, an adventure. It would have to be beautiful and hard as steel and make people ashamed of their existence.I am going, I feel irresolute. I dare not make a decision. If I were sure that I had talent...but I have never, never written anything of that sort; historical articles, yes - if you could call them that. A book. A novel. And there would be people who would read this novel and who would say: 'It was Antoine Roquentin who wrote it, he was a red-headed fellow who hung about in cafés', and they would think that about my life as I think about the life of the Negress: as about something precious and almost legendary. A book. Naturally, at first it would only be a tedious, tiring job, it wouldn't prevent me from existing or from feeling that I exist. But a time would have to come when the book would be written, would be behind me, and I think that a little of its light would fall over my past. Then, through it, I might be able to recall my life without repugnance. Perhaps one day, thinking about this very moment, about this dismal moment at which I am waiting, round-shouldered, for it to be time to get on the train, perhaps I might feel my heart beat faster and say to myself: 'It was on that day, at that moment that it all started.' And I might succeed - in the past, simply in the past - in accepting myself.
Avis J. Williams|To change your life, you need to become aware of yourself
J.A. Perez|Those who would abuse your trust for their own benefit can do it well, but only one time.
Joyce Meyer|When we lose the right to be different, we lose the privilege to be free.
Sara Foster|Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
David Milne|Some people would say my paintings show a future world and maybe they do, but I paint from reality. I put several things and ideas together, and perhaps, when I have finished, it could show the future.
Kim Harrison, Pale Demon|Let me tell you a little bit about demons. They love pain and other people’s misery. They lie when it suits them and don’t see anything wrong with it. They corrupt and kill and destroy, all without conscience. You just don’t have the capacity for something as honorable as loving another person.
Mesut Ozil|Financial institutions, the corporate world and civil society - all must uphold high standards of probity in their working. Only a genuine partnership between the Government and its people can bring about positive change to create a just society.
Susan Wiggs, Hotel Angeline: A Novel in 36 Voices|You have seven writers in your basement?”Donald nods, signing, “They like it here. There’s a poet, a couple of novelists, an opera librettist, an essay writer . . . . They don’t usually make much trouble.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|Reality went out the window the moment we started mediating sensory input through a nervous system. You want to actually perceive the universe directly, without any stupid scribbles or model-building? Become a protozoan.
John Ferling, A Leap in the Dark: The Struggle to Create the American Republic|You were born to influence, you were called to influence, your existence is a great influence to all nations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Almighty God thy will be done in my life as it is in Heaven, in Jesus Christ name. Amen.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Is that true," I asked, "that song?""It is a metaphor," said Mrs. Davis, "it has metaphorical truth.""And the end of the mechanical age," I said, "is that a metaphor?""The end of the mechanical age," said Mrs. Davis, "is in my judgment an actuality straining to become a metaphor. One must wish it luck, I suppose. One must cheer it on. Intellectual rigor demands that we give these damned metaphors every chance, even if they are inimical to personal well-being and comfort. We have a duty to understand everything, whether we like it or not–a duty I would scant if I could." At that moment the water jumped into the boat and sank us.
Conor Friedersdorf|too many left-wing student groups treat no one as badly as students of color or women who consider themselves to be classical liberals, libertarians, or conservatives, or who merely disagree with the actions of progressive protesters on campus. They’re seen as special kinds of traitors.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|If someone tries to use you as a tool, you shouldn't mind it, because it is their choice and folly, not yours.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Extraordinary effervescence exists within you, waiting to be tapped.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|I compare myself with my former self, not with others. Not only that, I tend to compare my current self with the best I have been, which is when I have been midly manic. When I am my present "normal" self, I am far removed from when I have been my liveliest, most productive, most intense, most outgoing and effervescent. In short, for myself, I am a hard act to follow.
Imraan Coovadia, Tales of the Metric System|It’s hard to say where a story begins and ends. You have to draw an arbitrary line somewhere. Somewhere between perception and reality. Between what is spoken and what is heard. Between what is written and what is edited out. 	I know this, you can’t have an ending without a beginning. Even if they are really just random pieces of the middle that tend to stand out. Staccato notes on the page. Points on a circle.
Kathleen Silber, Dear Birthmother|You must be committed to your children first. Otherwise, they will receive the leftovers.
May Sarton, Journal of a Solitude|I hate solitude, but I'm afraid of intimacy. The substance of my life is a private conversation with myself which to turn into a dialogue would be equivalent to self-destruction. The company which I need is the company which a pub or a cafe will provide. I have never wanted a communion of souls. It's already hard enough to tell the truth to oneself.
Mason Cooley|We get to live in a time that we get to use social media as a tool. It's not just a face on a piece of paper, and that's what makes you someone's favorite model. We can have a very similar sense of humor as someone, and that's why we're their favorite model, or our personal style, off the runway, is why we're their favorite.
Marcus Brigstocke|My wife's brother has a little house on a small island in the Baltic Sea, and we go there at Christmas. The 30-minute crossing from the mainland to this island is the most terrifying cruise you'll ever take. They give you a barf bag when you walk on board.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Because sometimes the Church seems like those posed circus tableaus where the curtain lifts and men, white, zinc-oxide, talcum-powder statues, freeze to represent abstract Beauty. Very wonderful. But I hope there will always be room for me to dart about among the statues, don't you, Father Stone?
Mark F.  LaMoure|Visualize yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself into an excellent person, with constant practice and perseverance. Enjoy and relish the process.
Ali Larter|If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.
John Mark Green|I hear your voice, and all feels rightwith the world again.
Lorraine Hansberry|Write if you will: but write about the world as it is and as you think it ought to be and must be—if there is to be a world. Write about all the things that men have written about since the beginning of writing and talking—but write to a point. Work hard at it, care about it. Write about our people: tell their story. You have something glorious to draw on begging for attention. Don’t pass it up. You have something glorious to draw on begging for attention. Don’t pass it up. Use it. Good luck to you. The Nation needs your gifts. Lorraine Hansberry speech, “To Be Young, Gifted, and Black,” given to Readers Digest/United Negro College Fund creative writing contest winners, NYC, May 1, 1964.
Mark Cantrell, Citizen Zero|Eric, you need to look at the whole picture," the PM said. "You look at the jobless as a huge pile of scrap and you're looking for what can be recycled. That's good. That's your job. But what you don't realise is that this pile of scrap itself serves a purpose. I need my zeros, Eric. They put fear in people; fear of crime and terrorism. They are a stark reminder to the stakeholders that what they despise today, they may end up joining tomorrow. It keeps them obedient. Remember that!
John Lennon|Appearance is something absolute, but reality is not that way - everything is interdependent, not absolute. So that view is very helpful to maintain a peace of mind because the main destroyer of a peaceful mind is anger.
Thich Nhat Hanh|That's how it goes these days, huh? Moving forward at the sounds of horns on highways, at the cue of traffic signals, turnstiles, tollbooths, ushered and rushed to the next stop on the itinerary, and there are days on the commuter train in the winter when it's got dark early and you can't see out because of the reflection and you might put down your paper or put aside your book and really look at yourself, because amid the noise and the smoke and the strangers and what's become of your life: there you are.
J.M. Northup, Saving Sam|Each of us has a heart, a soul, and feelings. Each of us desires to be wanted, to be appreciated, and to be loved. The enchantment in life is to discover and spend time with another person who knows that and expresses it. In this context, the liberation of our naked bodies in the act of lovemaking is what gives us ultimate pleasure.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Sketches: An Erotic Collection|Several things ran through my head as I watched this silent ballet: First, I was running low on pears, my favorite morning fruit. Second, I, as a woman, am much smarter than men, I having displayed foresight this male apparently lacked in regards to trash day. And finally, I desperately needed to see more of this man in his boxers.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|Oh, she was okay, just tired, tired of trying to be the one you wanted, the one you couldn't live without, the one you found yourself reaching out an arm for as she teetered from crisis to crisis to crisis only to collapse in your bed at the end of the day, a tortured sylph in black lace. Except she never really was. And you never really did. Or maybe you did for one night. The next night was another matter. It turned out the world was filled with beautiful girls. It turned out being beautiful wasn't nearly enough
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|No matter your Knowledge, Power, Fame or Wealth, Tommorrow is always a Mystery
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Some guys assume that they made this one girl orgasm by doing this one thing and now they do it to every woman they get with. If it doesn’t work on you, then something about you must be broken.
Oprah Winfrey, What I Know for Sure|The only person who can pull you down is yourself. If you choose to pull yourself down, please don’t complain.
Tana French, The Secret Place|Everyone knows a wife and kids tie you down. What people miss sometimes is that mates, the proper kind, they do the same just as hard. Mates mean you've settled, made your bargain: this, wherever you are together, this is as far as you're going, ever. This is your stop; this is where you get off.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Revealed|My people - before I was changed - they exchanged this as a sign of devotion. It's a Claddagh ring. The hands represent friendship; the crown represents loyalty... and the heart... Well, you know... Wear it with the heart pointing towards you. It means you belong to somebody. Like this.
Albert Einstein|A human being is a part of the whole, called by us "Universe", a part limited in time and space.
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|What I'm feeling, I think, is joy. And it's been some time since I've felt that blinkered rush of happiness, This might be one of those rare events that lasts, one that'll be remembered and recalled as months and years wind and ravel. One of those sweet, significant moments that leaves a footprint in your mind. A photograph couldn't ever tell its story. It's like something you have to live to understand. One of those freak collisions of fizzing meteors and looming celestial bodies and floating debris and one single beautiful red ball that bursts into your life and through your body like an enormous firework. Where things shift into focus for a moment, and everything makes sense. And it becomes one of those things inside you, a pearl among sludge, one of those big exaggerated memories you can invoke at any moment to peel away a little layer of how you felt, like a lick of ice cream. The flavor of grace.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You make the choice concerning who you associate with on a daily basis. Whenever there are people around you who continually gossip or nag, you have the option to entertain that nonsense or leave it alone. The choice is yours. Most of the time people you hang around are a reflection of yourself. We often times attract people with like-minded personalities. So, if you enjoy that type of company it says much about your character.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Fiction may amuse us, but reality instills lessons to be imbibed through experience; to 'live' this stark reality called 'life' as a blessing, whereas some foolishly waste it by following fiction and fictitious characters.
April Sinclair, I Left My Back Door Open|Ask yourself, does this person make me feel good about myself? Do I feel safe, strong and free with this person? Those are the questions you need to ask....You have to be strong to truly be open.
Amber L.  Johnson, Puddle Jumping|But life isn't really about just geting by. Right when you've lulled yourself into a false sense of security, it likes to throw in a plot twist. Keep you on your toes.
Dava Sobel, Longitude: The True Story of a Lone Genius Who Solved the Greatest Scientific Problem of His Time|Earlier maps had underestimated the distances to other continents and exaggerated the outlines of individual nations. Now global dimensions could be set, with authority, by the celestial spheres. Indeed, King Louis XIV of France, confronted with a revised map of his domain based on accurate longitude measurements, reportedly complained that he was losing more territory to his astronomers than to his enemies.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|cleave not to faith when faith brings blood." - Rev. John Hale
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|When certain parts of our bodies are touched, certain enzymes and chemicals that trigger sexual desire are released into our system. The more our bodies are stimulated, the more chemicals are released and the greater our sexual desire grows until it becomes a virtually unstoppable flood.
Carroll Bryant|No matter how many plans you make or how much in control you are, life is always winging it.
Sunday Adelaja|Just being ourselves, feeling proud of what we are by God's grace, believing in our own efforts to be successful in whatever we do...is real happiness :-)
Blaise Pascal|When I see the blind and wretched state of men, when I survey the whole universe in its deadness, and man left to himself with no light, as though lost in this corner of the universe without knowing who put him there, what he has to do, or what will become of him when he dies, incapable of knowing anything, I am moved to terror, like a man transported in his sleep to some terrifying desert island, who wakes up quite lost, with no means of escape. Then I marvel that so wretched a state does not drive people to despair.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|Those same women tell me I am too short to be beautiful,” I traced my hands across my breasts, “they say my breasts are too large,” I traced down my waist to my hips, “that I curve in places they do not,” I traced down my thighs. Sidhe women don’t have thighs. I let my hair fall across my face as I moved, so that my eyes gazed at him half hidden behind the scarlet of my hair. “They tell me I am ugly.”He spilled out of his chair, dumping his queen to the floor. He roared, “Who says these things? I will crush their jaws and see them choke on their own lies!”The outrage on his face, the trembling rage of him—I took it for the compliment it was. I realized in that moment that Kurag might want me for more than just politics or supernatural bloodlines. In that heartbeat, I thought that maybe, just maybe, the Goblin King loved me, in an odd sort of way. I had expected many things today, but not love.I don’t know why, but I suddenly realized there were tears trailing down my face. Crying because some goblin had offered to defend my honor? I gazed up at Kurag, and I let him see what was in my face, my eyes, all of it. Because I realized that I still didn’t believe I was beautiful. The guards wanted me because to be without me was to be celibate. They pursued me so they might be king. None of them wanted me, for me. Maybe that was unfair, but how would I ever know why they came to my bed? I looked at Kurag and knew that here was a man who’d known me since I was a child, and he thought I was beautiful, and worth defending, and he would never bed me, never be my king. Knowing that anyone adored me, just for me, meant something. Something I had no words for, but I let Kurag see that I valued it. That I valued him, and how he felt about me.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|This has ever been the fate of energy in security; it takes to art and to eroticism, and then comes languor and decay.
Lee Benson|When youre sharing a foxhole with another man, you don't worry about what color he is, just whether or not he will protect your back
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|To my surprise, Nick reached under his shirt and pulled out the half-heart pendant. With his gaze fixed on mine, he slid the chain over my head. “No one should have to go through life with only half a heart,” he whispered.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|We can’t talk about our own health without understanding our place in our environment, because in order to fulfill our potential we have to live in the context of our surroundings.We have to know our place in the ecosystem of which we are a part, and this means living 'consciously': being aware of nature and how it affects us and how we, in turn, affect nature.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|Oh, no. It costs a lot more than your life. To murder innocent people?" says Peeta. "It costs everything you are.
Ned Hayes, Sinful Folk|See, I know how they do. White folks like to stay in those books. They carry and they keep and they dig in their books, like nothing matters that don’t get written in some book somewhere. Like that’s the only way they can know for sure what happened. They’ll write down who they are and what they did. And their daddies and theirs too. Put it all in a book, then close it up and put it on the shelf. Just to know it’s there so they can sleep at night. Like if they don’t get written down somewhere and they shut their eyes for a minute, they might disappear.
Richelle E. Goodrich|A new star, the Christ child, God's gift to mankind; these are what Christmas is made of.
John Krasinski|I can look at you and say, 'I'm gonna be the biggest artist in the world' because, at the end of the day, it's about the trust I have in God. He's already shown me that I'm gonna fulfil my destiny.
Hiba Fatima Ahmad|The irony is that while our world might plead for change, it does its best to suppress it.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|When I start a new seminar I tell my students that I will undoubtedly contradict myself, and that I will mean both things. But an acceptance of contradiction is no excuse for fuzzy thinking. We do have to use our minds as far as they will take us, yet acknowledge that they cannot take us all the way.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|The garden of love is green without limit and yields many fruits other than sorrow or joy. Love is beyond either condition: without spring, without autumn, it is always fresh.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|I would remember them forever–their names, my reasons, the way their bodies slumped in death and their eyes stared through me. If I stopped, if I let their deaths weigh me down and keep me from being Opal, it was all for nothing. There was no going back. I was what I was, and they were a part of me now.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|Those close to [Patricia Highsmith], particularly her family, often commented on how Highsmith's vision of reality was a warped one. In April 1947, she transcribed into her notebook what was, presumably, a real dialogue between herself and her mother, in which Mary accused her of not facing the world. Highsmith replied that she did indeed view the world 'sideways, but since the world faces reality sideways, sideways is the only way the world can be looked at in true perspective.' The problem, Highsmith said, was that her psychic optics were different to those around her, but if that was the case, her mother replied, then she should equip herself with a pair of new spectacles. Highsmith was not convinced. 'Then I need a new birth,' she concluded.
Briana Pacheco, A Sky Full of Secrets|Phoenix wouldn’t stop looking at me like he was looking through a telescope. It was unsettling, being stared at like I was the most beautiful thing in space.
Gene Wolfe|Raymond collected expressions. He repeated them in experimental accents, as if learning a tune. He sounded like an Eighteenth Street Mexican when he said cuate, like a Logan Square cubano when he said comemierda.
Rick Riordan|Tyson- "Cash? Like...green paper?"Percy- "Yeah."Tyson- "Like the kind in duffel bags?"Percy-"Yeah, but we lost those bags days a-g-g--." "Tyson! How did you--"Tyson- "Thought it was a feed bag for Rainbow. Found it floating in sea, but only paper inside. Sorry.
Debbie Howells, The Beauty of the End|I rather would entreat thy companyTo see the wonders of the world abroadThan, living dully sluggardiz'd at home,Wear out thy youth with shapeless idleness.
Ludwig von Mises, Omnipotent Government|The earliest use of writing was strictly commercial and economic, not political or bureaucratic. It was trade, entrepreneurship, and stewardship of private property, not politics, "public education" or the creation of national mythology that allowed humankind to transition from prehistory to history. Just as trade, entrepreneurship, and stewardship of private property have always been on the forefront of civilization's advancement, so were they also the driving force behind civilization's emergence.
Dada Bhagwan|If you try to win, you bind (create) enmity, and if you acknowledge defeat, you will be freed from enmity.
Wess Stafford|Children are more than we think they are; they can do more than we think they can do. All they need is a vote of confidence from grownups, whom they will ultimately replace anyway. Their dream today will become the realities of tomorrow.
Ashley Mae Hoiland, One Hundred Birds Taught Me to Fly: The Art of Seeking God|I've learned that in order to be an efficacious woman with any sort of spiritual power, I first have to love my body.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Time became more important the closer to death one was, so an extra few hours to make peace with the world were worth more than years.
Tony Hale|I'm certainly thankful for what the Cubs did for me. I respect their organization. It's the same way with the Atlanta Braves, an awfully fine organization. I respect everybody who's down there, and that's still where I live today. But the Cardinals represent the best years of my career.
Karen Lord, The Best of All Possible Worlds|Without death there is little innovation. Extinction - death of a species - is part and parcel of evolutionary change. In the absence of this kind of extinction new developments would not prosper. In our own history, periods when ideas have been perpetuated by dogma, preventing the replacement of old by new ideas, have also been times of stultifying stagnation. The Dark Ages in western society were the most static, least innovative of times. So the fact that trilobites were replaced by batches of successive species through their long history was a testimony to their evolutionary vigour.
Albert Schweitzer|There are only three ways to teach a child. The first is by example, the second is by example, the third is by example.
Will Advise|Sometimes it may seem dark, but the absence of the light is a necessary part.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Death finds you in such strange poses. How long can you cry, until the rivers gone and dry.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the storm, my only anchor is the Saviour.
Stephen Gardiner|What people want, above all, is order.
Boria Sax, The Mythical Zoo: An Encyclopedia Of Animals In World Myth, Legend, And Literature|The fastest that human spacecraft are likely to achieve in the twenty-first century, I think, is 300 kilometres per second.
Robin Alexander|Yes. Right. You should probably, um..."She had no idea what he should do.Kiss her, she thought. Isn't that what people did after they survived thrilling, near-death experiences together? She was sure it wasn't an appropriate suggestion, but this close, it was all she could think about.
Wisława Szymborska, Poems New and Collected|My choices are rejections, since there is no other way,but what I reject is more numerous,denser, more demanding than before.A little poem, a sigh, at the cost of indescribable loss.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|The saddest thing about death, whether it's our own or someone we care for, is when the world doesn't stop when we do.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Business after all is a form of warfare; you bring all your available weapons to bear. If you don't you're a fool. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Jaye Wells, The Mage in Black|Wait,” he said, pulling me to a stop when I tried to march off toward my destiny. “Is there something you want to tell me?” I looked at him, trying to think of anything I’d done recently that I needed to admit to. When nothing came to mind other than the usual, I shook my head. “Not really. Why?” He reached out and touched my leather jacket. “Is that a bullet hole?” Freaking great.
Dolly Parton|It was my friend Frank, a writer in San Francisco, who finally set me straight. When asked about my new look he put down his fork and stared at me for a few moments. "A bow tie announces to the world you can no longer get an erection.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never forget that when connections get destroyed by means of bad communication, it's good communication that resolves them. Don't be shy to say "I am sorry" and "please forgive me". That's a good communication!
Norah Lofts, Afternoon of  an Autocrat|Agatha surveys the garden, its rows of crinkled spring cabbages and beanstalks entwining bowers of hawthorn and hazel. The rosemary is dotted with pale blue stars of blossom and chives nod heads of tousled purple. New sage leaves sprout silver green among the brittle, frost-browned remains of last year's growth. Lily of the valley, she thinks, that will be out in the cloister garden at Saint Justina's by now.
Cees Nooteboom, Rituals|Can you imagine how incredibly quiet it was everywhere, when the gentlemen from this world" — he made a vague circular gesture towards the battalions of meditating Asians behind him — "were hatching and proclaiming their ideas? Anyone who now tries to follow these ideas in order to find the road back to what they were talking about, is faced with obstacles that would have driven an entire tribe of oriental ascetics into the ravine. The world from which they felt it so necessary to retreat would have seemed idyllic to us. We live in a vision of hell, and we have actually got used to it." He looked at his statues and continued, "We have become different people. We still look the same, but we have nothing in common with them any more. We are differently programmed. Anyone who now wants to become like them must acquire a big dose of madness first; otherwise he will no longer be able to bear the life of our world. We are not designed for their kind of life.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|It's hard as hell to hold on to your dignity when the risen sun is too bright in your losing eyes, and that's what I was thinking about as we hunted for bad guys through the ruins of a city that didn't exist.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Was I (am I not still?) a victim of words and books merely, and are books just an excuse for living, living things out in parenthesis, even in the most desolate stony place as I was, quotations and misquotations raining down on me thick and fast – words, words, words – the multitude of words, a parody of rain? For after all, as old Mrs Feany said, the rain is healthy. And the rain it raineth everyday. But the stuff of books and solitude and spying on the poor, could they be healthy? Or were my doubts the real heresy and treason? What book ever changed the world? It seems a solipsism to say that what changes the way we see the world, changes the world, but it is not. Where do you want me to begin? The Bible, Das Kapital? The Divine Comedy, The Satanic Verses?
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|I wish people weren't so set on being themselves, when that means being a bastard.
Paul Valéry|Breath, dreams, silence, invincible calm, you triumph.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|My life might have been so different, had I not been known as the girl whose grandmother exploded. And had I not been born in Bad Munstereifel. If we had lived in the city -- well, I"m not saying the event would have gone unnoticed, but the fuss would probably only have lasted a week before public interest moved elsewhere. Besides, in a city you are anonymous; the chances of being picked out as Kristel Kolvenbach's granddaughter would be virtually zero. But in a small town -- well, small towns everywhere are rife with gossip, but in Germany they raise it to an art form.
Compton Gage|As for the tokens whereof thou ask me, I may tell thee of them in part: but as touching thy life, I am not sent to shew thee.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|Language always betrays us, tells the truth when we want to lie, and dissolves into formlessness when we would most like to be precise.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|Are you sure this isn’t crazy?” “Oh, I’m sure it is crazy. But isn’t that our thing? Or have you gotten boring now?
Erno Rubik|I'm a child of the sixties. I grew up with a president who was a crook, who put us into the most unpopular war in history, who had no communication with people under thirty. I had seen the Symbionese Liberation Army and the Panthers and the Diggers; I understood what they were about.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|He cleared his throat and held up one hand dramatically.“Green grass breaks through snow.	Artemis pleads for my help.	He grinned at us, waiting for applause.	"That last line was four syllables.” Artemis said.	Apollo frowned. “Was it?”	“No, no, that’s six syllable, hhhm.” He started muttering to himself. That’s five syllables!” He bowed, looking very pleased with himself.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Respect both what you need to know and what you don't need to know. Respect mystery, for mystery is still needed to run the universe.
Pope Francis, The Name of God is Mercy|We need to remember and remind ourselves where we come from, what we are, our nothingness.
Kate Morton, The Lake House|Nature is cruel. Isn't that right, Daddy? Every living thing has to die. And they're still beautiful. Now they'll stay that way.
David Levithan, Every Day|fierce lovers.and battle warriorsboth comefrom the same place. there is bound to be,some bloodshed.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|The world encyclopedia, the universal library, exists, and it is the world itself.
Judd Trichter, Love in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction|Okay, there's this thing you can do, a thing you can do like no other person on this planet. That makes you special, but being special really doesn't mean anything. You still have to get dressed in the morning. Your shoelaces still break. Your lover will still leave you if you don't treat her right
Charles A. Lindbergh|Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquest...
Michael  Grant, Lies|No you sick, stupid creep, I love you. I shouldn't. I shouldn't. You're sick inside, Caine, sick! But I love you. - Diana
Graham Joyce, How to Make Friends with Demons|You let go. It's as simple and as complicated as Antonia had told me. You cry. You come. You sing. You laugh. You scream. You let go. No one needs to hang on to a first edition. Whoever wrote it; even if it was Moses. I looked back up at the sky, blinking at the lustrous beauty of the ascending and departing demons. They formed an alphabet I was beginning to learn to read. They were fire in the sky.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Cassandra wondered at the mind's cruel ability to toss up flecks of the past. Why, as she neared her life's end, her grandmother's head should ring with the voices of people long since gone. Was it always this way? Did those with passage booked on death's silent ship always scan the dock for faces of the long-departed?
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|But recognizing the ridiculousness of an emotion and being able to master it are two very different things, I'm finding.
Saul Williams|Am like a Fire Fly, Charged to Execute my Flames to Light this World up, therefore, you have to Kill me to get out my Flame.
James McBride, The Good Lord Bird|Believers often forget that most atheists used to be religious, that many non-believers used to think they had a personal relationship with their God and they used to 'feel' the power of prayer. They've since learned that it was all a farce, that their feelings were internal emotions and not some external force.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When it comes to judging individuals, I do not like remarks such as 'too good to be true.' They speak as though one is rewarding the nature of evil. Yet, ironically, we still wonder where all the good people have gone.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Gerard doesn't tell me what to do. We discuss everything as a couple, as I imagine most partners do. We have a beautiful relationship and one of mutual trust.
Jay Danzie|There will be positive and negative references with everything we do in life. At best we can simply hope that overtime, the positive outweighs the negative.
Kathryn  Hall, Plant Whatever Brings You Joy: Blessed Wisdom from the Garden|When evening comes, I go back home, and go to my study. On the threshold I take off my work clothes, covered in mud and filth, and put on the clothes an ambassador would wear. Decently dressed, I enter the ancient courts of rulers who have long since died. There I am warmly welcomed, and I feed on the only food I find nourishing, and was born to savor. I am not ashamed to talk to them, and to ask them to explain their actions. And they, out of kindness, answer me. Four hours go by without my feeling any anxiety. I forget every worry. I am no longer afraid of poverty, or frightened of death. I live entirely through them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every divorce represents a broken dream, a shattered hope, a ruined expectation.
Stephen King, Desperation|You said 'God is cruel' the way a person who's lived his whole life on Tahiti might say 'Snow is cold'. You knew, but you didn't understand." He stepped close to David and put his palms on the boy's cold cheeks. "Do you know how cruel your God can be, David. How fantastically cruel?
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It's commonplace to say that we 'love' a book, but when we say it, we mean all sorts of things. Sometimes we mean that a book was important to us in out youth, though we haven't picked it up in years; sometimes what we 'love' is an impressionistic idea glimpsed from afar (Combray...madeleins...Tante Leonie...) as apposed to the experience of wallowing and plowing through an actual text, and all too often people claim to love books they haven't read at all. Then there are books we love so much that we read every year or two, and know passages of them by heart; that cheer us up when we are sick or sad and never fail to amuse us when we take them up at random; that we pass on to all our friends and acquaintances; and to which we return again and again with undimmed enthusiasm over the course of a lifetime. I think it goes without saying ghat most books that engage readers on this very high levels are masterpieces; and this is why I believe that True Grit by Charles Portis is a masterpiece.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|Good story' means something worth telling that the world wants to hear. Finding this is your lonely task...But the love of a good story, of terrific characters and a world driven by your passion, courage, and creative gifts is still not enough. Your goal must be a good story well told.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|And what I think is thatwhen you’re completely aloneand deep inside yourselfwith feelings no one else can understand,there really aren’t a hundred places to go. It’s like if I woke up one dayand looked outside and saw purple treesand red grass and green dogs,is there anyone I could tell who would understand? No.There’d be no one.It’s exactly like that. He saw purple treesand red grass and green dogswhile no one else did.   And maybe, he just got tiredof seeing them.
Ace Antonio Hall|Sometimes, all it takes is your smile (even if forced) & a domino effect of smiles happen ... infectious.
Martha Graham, Blood Memory|To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful.. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking
Holly Hood, Ink|He perched the bat on his shoulder, giving a nod that he understood I needed his help. With one loud yell and a couple swings of the bat, he cleared me another path.
Chrys Fey|Every day we live, we are writing our own secret book.
R.J. Palacio|If you don't know what to do, just be kind. You can't go wrong.
Reinhold Niebuhr|God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|We see it [the as-yet unseen, probable new planet, Neptune] as Columbus saw America from the coast of Spain. Its movements have been felt, trembling along the far-reaching line of our analysis with a certainty hardly inferior to that of ocular demonstration.
Charles Bukowski|I remember being alone a lot as a child, and I still love to be alone.
Edward Hirsch|One of the things that distinguishes poetry from ordinary speech is that in a very few number of words, poetry captures some kind of deep feeling, and rhythm is the way to get there. Rhythm is the way the poetry carries itself.
Pranab Mukherjee|I wanted to make a point of basing myself at home, being close to my family. I'll never be able to repay Mum and Dad for what they did, but at least they know they'll never have to work another day. I'll do whatever it takes to look after them.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|But are you not fond of me?" Paris looked up, his eyes full of reproach."Fond of you? Myrina you are my queen. I want you more than I want life itself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God can take anything that happens to us—even bad things—and use it to shape us and make us into a better, more Christlike person—if we will let Him.
Anna Gunn|It just so happens that people aren't doing comedy about abortion or cannibalism or waterboarding. And that to me doesn't necessarily mean that there aren't aspects of those subjects that are funny, it just means that people are too uptight.
Herman Hesse|I'm happy to sacrifice a big pay cheque for my happiness, if that's not too corny a thing to say. It's probably more naive than mature to say that, maybe, but that's how I feel.
Phillip E. Johnson, An Easy-to-Understand Guide for Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds|In the face of every type of pain, we tend to think that life will never be the same, but guess what, it was never going to be the same anyway.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Keep watch and pray, so that you will not give in to temptation. For the spirit is willing, but the body is weak.
Rudolf Otto|All human beings have an innate need to hear and tell stories and to have a story to live by. religion, whatever else it has done, has provided one of the main ways of meeting this abiding need.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|dear little baby of the folks I work for, I got a present for you .. my whole damn life! I'm handin' it over to you & your ma & pa. if you got no money to pay, I wanna stay anyhow, my pleasure is to wait on you forever. to hell with my children & hooray for you!.. you stayin' up all night fixin' up Character Parts for me! givin' 'em what you call dignity! dignity! you know what your dignity is? a black straw hat with a flower stickin' up in front, hands folded cross my stomach, sayin' the same damn fool things .. only nice & easy & proper!" --trouble in mind (1955)
J.A. Baker, The Peregrine: The Hill of Summer  Diaries: The Complete Works of J. A. Baker|Whatever is destroyed, the act of destruction does not vary much. Beauty if vapour from the pit of death.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|He had learned that, as there is no situation in the world in which a man can be happy and perfectly free, so there is no situation in which he can be perfectly unhappy and unfree.
Nancy Leigh DeMoss|God lives in the place of praise. If we want to be where He is, we need to go to His address.
Leslie Heywood|With sports, you have no time to reflect. You just do.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|I push against the tree and run away, stumbling, the unreal night playing with me, gravity pulling from below, behind, above, making me fall. And I run through a world that is rotating, conscious of the earth's spin, of our planet twirling as it careens through nothingness, of the stars spiraling above, of the uncertainty of everything, even ground, even sky. Mumtaz never calls out, although a thousand and one voices scream in my mind, sing, whisper, taunt me with madness.
