Thomas Mann|Walk tall, or baby don't walk at all.
Stephen King, It|If the universe is movement, it will not be in one direction only. We think of our lives as linear but it is the spin of the earth that allows us to observe time. Walk with me.
L.B. Gregg, Catch Me If You Can|He tugged my zipper down like he was unveiling a gift, spreading my pants open. “Yeah. There it is. You have a nice fat dick. I would have never guessed it."“I’m Italian,” I said inanely.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever your situation, may you find hope.
Thomas Hobbes|It is easy to go down into Hell; night and day, the gates of dark Death stand wide; but to climb back again, to retrace one's steps to the upper air - there's the rub, the task.
Ursula K. Le Guin|For people who make up stories for a living, that is the ultimate success: knowing that, when the book closes, when the series ends, the adventure is not over. It goes on without the creator, in the minds of the people who love it. You can’t stop the signal. Once it’s broadcast, it continues on forever, pulsing past star clusters, lighting up new worlds, collecting new fans, till the end of time itself.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward.
Eleanor Roosevelt|We've had characters like Trump in American politics forever, characters who trade on xenophobia.
Megan Hill, Praying Together: The Priority and Privilege of Prayer: In Our Homes, Communities, and Churches|We are a band of brothers. United in love for our common Savior, joined in his common cause of prayer for both friends and enemies, we find our affections kindled and our hearts warmed toward one another.
Widad Akreyi|In other words, they appeal to the state for protection, but the state is precisely that from which they require protection. To be protected from violence by the nation-state is to be exposed to the violence wielded by the nation-state, so to rely on the nation-state for protection from violence is precisely to exchange one potential violence for another. There may, indeed, be few other choices.
Anne Graham Lotz|If we find it hard to believe that winning millions might not be so lucky after all, we just don't have a good enough imagination. If I fantasise about winning the lottery, it doesn't take long before all sorts of worrisome potential consequences occur to me.
Steven Wright|If a man says something in the woods and there are no women there, is he still wrong?
Prince William|It's really important to share the idea that being different might feel like a problem at the time, but ultimately diversity is a strength.
Jeremy Gilbert-Rolfe, Beauty and the Contemporary Sublime|Full of beautiful grace so we steal their space, and death comes quickly.
Rachel Bertsche|Sometimes when I see people from high school I feel trapped in a persona I maintained then,' she says. 'Ten years have gone by, a dive changed a tremendous amount - both emotionally and in circumstance. So while my oldest relationships are incredibly dear, and it's true that they know me intimately, it can be freeing to have relationships built on exactly who you are at this moment.
V.T. Davy, Black Art|You don’t rewrite it, censor it, or edit it, to suit some warped view you have of the past and your own present.
Agnes Macphail|All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Wizards don't believe in gods in the same way that most people don't find it necessary to believe in, say, tables. They know they're there, they know they're there for a purpose, they'd probably agree that they have a place in a well-organised universe, but they wouldn't see the point of believing, of going around saying "O great table, without whom we are as naught." Anyway, either the gods are there whether you believe in them or not, or exist only as a function of the belief, so either way you might as well ignore the whole business and, as it were, eat off your knees.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|The shadows of the room pool in the lines of our faces, draining our eyes of hue. "There's nothing left worth saying.
Geoffrey Wood|Just as thoughts, send out vibrations to which there is a creative and attractive power, gratitude stimulates the field of etheric energy that surrounds you on a subtle level to bring into your life more of what brings you joy.
Oliver Gaspirtz|Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.
Antoine Lavoisier|Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, and robes the mountain in its azure hue.
Robin Alexander, Patty's Potent Potion|How was practice?" Shawna asked when Jet walked into the kitchen. "You must've worked hard again, you smell like a wet puppy." "We did." Jet grabbed a bottle of water from the refrigerator. " Your buddy said she was proud of us today." "That's good." Shawna smiled as checked on their dinner. " Are you starting to like her now?" I don't want to beat her with my flagpole anymore, but I wouldn't say I like her. Now your other friend is all up in the punch. Mrs. Scofield was at practice today passing out chocolate milk and telling us what to do with our glitter," Jet said and took a drink of her water. Shawna glanced at Jet. "What're you going to do with the glitter?" "Put it on my eyelids. Personally, I think we're gonna look like sparkly hookers, but makeup isn't my call...
Socrates|Long after you have reached the end of your natural span, part of you will dwell within me . . . as I shall be in you to the last of your days and even after.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|The whole struggle was over, and yet there seemed to have been no moment of victory. You might say, if you liked, that the power of choice had been simply set aside and an inflexible destiny substituted for it. On the other hand, you might say he had delivered from the rhetoric of his passions and had emerged in unassailable freedom. Ransom could not for the life of him, see any difference between these two statements. Predestination and freedom were apparently identical. He could no longer see any meaning in the many arguments he had heart on the subject.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Simon to die. Jace to live. Jonathon to retune. And you Valentine's daughter, to be the catalist of it all.
Ann M. Martin, Here Today|The singular reason for calamities, destructions, failures and devastations is seen in ignorance of Gods people.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|Actually it was the mark of the stupid, which is what you get for sitting under a tree during a thunderstorm.
Myles Munroe, understanding your potential discovering the hidden you|If You Do Not Know, it is Useless to Explain, Because You Would Not Understand"__nickc
Lana Del Rey|Loving you forever can't be wrong. Even though you're not here, can't move on
Saul Bellow, Novels, 1984-2000|I discovered, however, in the early days of our marriage that, in having her way, she put my interests ahead of her own.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Lost love is still love, Eddie. It just takes a different form, that's all. You can't hold their hand... You can't tousle their hair... But when those senses weaken another one comes to life... Memory... Memory becomes your partner. You hold it... you dance with it... Life has to end, Eddie... Love doesn't.
Paula Heller Garland|Innocence is a bleeding wound without a bandage, a wound that opens with every casual knock from casual passers-by. Experience is an armour.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|Nothing wrong with a little optimism, long as it doesn’t set policy....
Marquis de Lafayette|I think friendship is more important than love, but that love that grows out of friendship is the very best of all.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|To the infinite, all finites are equal.
Steve Earle|The language 'It's too late' is very unsuitable for most environmental issues. It's too late for the dodo and for people who've starved to death already, but it's not too late to prevent an even bigger crisis. The sooner we act on the environment, the better.
Almney King, All Light Will Fall|Before I knew it, I was once again being whisked down the hallways at the new hospital into an even bigger room, one that, unbeknownst to me, would be my home for what would feel like a long, long time.
Sulari Gentill, Chasing Odysseus|Hero,” said Machaon to his sister who was still muttering to her gods. “Please stop. Surely the gods would have heard you by now … let’s try not to annoy them.
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|What you must remember is that the magic itself is neither good nor bad, no more so than this ship might be used for right or wrong. It might be used by a fisherman to feed a village, for example. Or, the same vessel might be sailed by pirates to murder and pillage...the lumber, rope, nails, cotton, and everything that goes into it-is created by the True One. Humans decide how it is to be put together and how it is used.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Sometimes, in a tight game with runners on, digging in at short, ready to break with the ball, a peace I'd never felt before would paralyze the diamond. For a moment of eternal stillness I felt as if I were cocked at the very heart of the Midwest.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|The men at the top aren't that great at properly assessing the women under them, certainly not enough to gauge their potential or intestinal fortitude.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|I'm sorry you lost the suit,' he said.She shrugged.'At this point, it was mostly a metaphor anyway,' she said...
David F. Porteous, Good Witch|he lived in London indeed but invisibly, his existence like an erased pencil sketch
Jack Gleeson|I had given a presentation on design and happiness for quite a long while at design conferences. I had found thinking about the topic helpful for my own practice, as it forced me to consider the fundamentals, and the feedback from the audience was always enthusiastic.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume One: Where on Earth|One of the rocks in my soulbag, a little grey rock that I had picked up on a certain day in a certain place in the hills above the river in the Silver Time, a little piece of my world, that became my world. |Every night I took it out and held it in my hand while I lay in bed waiting to sleep, thinking of the sunlight on the hills above the river, listening to the soft shushing of the ship’s systems, like a mechanical sea
Holly Black, The Darkest Part of the Forest|Don’t promise when you’re happy, don’t reply when you’re angry, and don’t decide when you’re sad.
Luis von Ahn|Kids are finding out about the potential for discovery online from other sources; many of them have computers at home, for instance, or their friends have them.
Claire Cook, Must Love Dogs|Of course she'll move away from me, and likely from here, because she is my daughter, because she is a daughter in the twenty-first century. But we can be her fall-back plan, and her stash of memories. Her deep and wide past.
Rebel Wilson|After 'Muriel's Wedding,' I first went to America, and I was sent all these scripts about fat girls overcoming hurdles. Something in me knew not to go down that road, even if it was a good script.
Munia Khan|Moon is a superstar to a neon lightBoth are in doubt of their lifeless plight One envies the sun, the other one’s scared But to face the dark they’re always prepared
John   Kramer, Blythe|Discontent comes from two sources alone: Not having dreams, or not pursuing the ones you have. No one has ever died sorry who tried to turn a wish into a memory.
Diane  Hall|I know exactly what Einstein meant when he said, "Dancers are the athletes of God." You three look like angels. I can't wait to see you dancing in the Christmas concert.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|She's realized the real problem with stories -- if you keep them going long enough, they always end in death.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Time isn’t precious at all, because it is an illusion. What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now. That is precious indeed. The more you are focused on time—past and future—the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is.
Ana Monnar|Work hard, put maximum effort, and have a good attitude. Most importantly never give up.
Raul Julia|What I've learned from my own journey, and from my family's experience with cancer, is how important it is to stay positive and move forward. Not every day is going to be perfect; that's life. But staying positive is going to get you to the next day.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets. Bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day I hunt for the liquid measure of your steps.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Many families remain for years in the same place, though both husband and wife are sick of it, simply because there is neither complete division nor agreement between them.
James          Anderson, The Never-Open Desert Diner|I've learnt not to draw my sword first to strike. That in no way portends I have the most feeble of minds or might . . . Probably, I'm waiting for the perfect moment to startle with a fatal strike.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If have nothing but life, I have everything.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|You’ve got to trust yourself. Be gentle with yourself. And listen to yourself. You’re the only person who can get you through this now. You’re the only one who can survive your story, the only one who can write your future.All you’ve got to do, when you’re ready, is stand up, {and begin again.}
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|Memory, I must suppose, if it is neglected becomes like a box room, or a lumber room in an old house, the contents jumbled about, maybe not only from neglect but also from too much haphazard searching in them, and things to boot thrown in that don't belong there.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|It is not enough to say the crow flies purposefully, or heavily, or rowingly, or whatever. There are no words to capture the infinite depth of crowiness in the crow's flight. All we can do is use a word as an indicator, or a whole bunch of words as a general directive. But the ominous thing in the crow's flight, the bare-faced, bandit thing, the tattered beggarly gipsy thing, the caressing and shaping yet slightly clumsy gesture of the down-stroke, as if the wings were both too heavy and too powerful, and the headlong sort of merriment, the macabre pantomime ghoulishness and the undertaker sleekness - you could go on for a very long time with phrases of that sort and still have completely missed your instant, glimpse knowledge of the world of the crow's wingbeat. And a bookload of such descriptions is immediately rubbish when you look up and see the crow flying.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only One holy Knowledge, the excellent knowledge of God.
Kiyohiko Azuma, Azumanga Daioh: The Omnibus|I hope people don't take kittens on a whim, like they would a toy, then not care for them.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|These black times go as they come and we do not know how they come or why they go. But we know that God controls them, as he controls the whole vast cobweb of the mystery of things.
Jose Saramago|Anticipating that most poetry will be worse than carrying heavy luggage through O'Hare Airport, the public, to its loss, reads very little of it.
Robert Orben|Humor starts like a wildfire, but then continues on, smoldering, smoldering for years.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|It's still National Library Week. You should be especially nice to a librarian today, or tomorrow. Sometime this week, anyway. Probably the librarians would like tea. Or chocolates. Or a reliable source of funding.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the darkness time, no human can save you, only the sacred divine light.
Alistair Begg|At best we are but clay, animated dust; but viewed as sinners, we are monsters indeed. Let it be published in heaven as a miracle that the Lord Jesus should set His heart's love upon people like us.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|Success-minded people make a decision to achieve a goal and never have to make that decision again. They will be faced with a choice or some new circumstances to deal with, but the decision to achieve the goal is not in question. They have only to make adjustments along the way.
Meia Geddes, Love Letters to the World|In every country the intellectual class is the most influential class. This is the class which can foresee advice and lead. In no country does the mass of the people live the life for intelligent thought and action. It is largely imitative and follows the intellectual class. There is no exaggeration in saying that the entire destination of the country depends upon its intellectual class. If the intellectual class is honest and independent, it can be trusted to take the initiative and give a proper lead when a crisis arises. It is true that the intellect by itself is no virtue. It is only a means and the use of a means depends upon the ends which an intellectual person pursues. An intellectual man can be a good man but he may easily be a rogue. Similarly an intellectual class may be a band of high-souled persons, ready to help, ready to emancipate erring humanity or it may easily be a gang of crooks or a body of advocates of narrow clique from which it draws its support.
Mac MacKenzie|The ‘deep pause’ needed to cultivate wonder is far too often back-filled with an incessant busyness, as busyness errantly presumes a ‘deep pause’ to be deeply wasteful.
V.S. Carnes|Fate had a cruel sense of humor. It had been all his fault, anyway, whatever Mick or Gillia told him. Careless preoccupation and utter stupidity. Boyhood ignorance and negligence. He was only getting what he deserved, over and over again, for the rest of his life. If only in his dreams.
Elizabeth Olsen|On signing day, my mom brought me the national letter of intent to Arkansas. I should feel like I'm making the right decision. You get that many people telling you that. I had been dreaming about it. I signed 'No' where I was supposed to sign my name and put an exclamation point.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Michael grew silent, his gaze softening as he looked from me to Will, and a dim light of hope flickered in my heart. “You would mourn for h
Deyth Banger|That's what I thought, too," he said at last, "when I was your age. If there's just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go out of their way to despise each other? Scout, I think I'm beginning to understand something. I think I'm beginning to understand why Boo Radley's stayed shut up in the house all this time. . .it's because he want's to stay inside.
Patrick Weekes, The Paladin Caper|I am sex and death, desire and destruction. They will die in ecstasy knowing that I was their fulfillment. My pleasure, their end.
Paul Singer|Something my mum taught me years and years and years ago, is life's just too short to carry around a great bucket-load of anger and resentment and bitterness and hatreds and all that sort of stuff.
The Silver Elves, The Elf Folks' Book of Cookery: Recipes for a Delighted Tongue, a Healthy Body and a Magical Life|My cooking spoon,My magic wand, Of this dish,You will be fond.
Liane Moriarty, Three Wishes|One of the multitudes of exboyfriends had been a country music fan and left Gemma with an unfortunate passion for Tammy Wynette. It was like, Cat thought, he’d given her herpes.
Orson Scott Card|There's always moral instruction whether the writer inserts it deliberately or not. The least effective moral instruction in fiction is that which is consciously inserted. Partly because it won't reflect the storyteller's true beliefs, it will only reflect what he BELIEVES he believes, or what he thinks he should believe or what he's been persuaded of. But when you write without deliberately expressing moral teachings, the morals that show up are the ones you actually live by. The beliefs that you don't even think to question, that you don't even notice-- those will show up. And that tells much more truth about what you believe than your deliberate moral machinations.
Jill Badonsky, The Muse Is In: An Owner’s Manual to Your Creativity|If you stay open to the wisdom of your Muse, you may discover you’re a playwright, a sculptor, a kitchen-table comedian, a beacon of creative kindness, or a person who chooses grace over ego and contentment over greed. And in that choice you will create an world of joy within yourself, you’ll truly be an artist of being alive.
Ben Shahm|I believe that if it were left to artists to choose their own labels, most would choose none.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|We don't know what's happened out there since they put us in here, or how many generations have lived and died since they did.We could be the last people left.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|People who love themselves, don’t hurt other people. People who love themselves have no reason to ever judge another person on looks. There is simply no need. People who love themselves no longer look at beauty on a sliding scale or as a competition. There is nobody more beautiful or less beautiful than anyone else, including themselves. People who love themselves no longer see fat or skinny, tall or short, fair or dark skin, gay or straight, strong or weak. They only see people. Beautiful, beautiful people.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Once the principals in their party are seated, with those lower on the totem pole left to grumble and move on to find another table, our once-cozy booth transforms into a damp fusion of vacuous wretchedness, with the three women all complaining alternately about their wet hair/clothes and their respective distance from Talon, while the man himself is trying to maneuver his Paul Bunyan frame way too close to me.
G.R. Reader|Never force a man to do your wish, but let them wish to do it by force.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|When looking for a life partner, my advice to women is date all of them: the bad boys, the cool boys, the commitment-phobic boys, the crazy boys. But do not marry them. The things that make the bad boys sexy do not make them good husbands. When it comes time to settle down, find someone who wants an equal partner. Someone who thinks women should be smart, opinionated and ambitious. Someone who values fairness and expects or, even better, wants to do his share in the home. These men exist and, trust me, over time, nothing is sexier.
Anne Stuart, Ice Blue|Kansas afternoons in late summer are peculiar and wondrous things. Often they are pregnant, if not over-ripe, with a pensive and latent energy that is utterly incapable of ever finding an adequate release for itself. This results in a palpable, almost frenetic tension that hangs in the air just below the clouds. By dusk, spread thin across the quilt-work farmlands by disparate prairie winds, this formless energy creates an abscess in the fabric of space and time that most individuals rarely take notice of. But in the soulish chambers of particularly sensitive observers, it elicits a familiar recognition—a vague remembrance—of something both dark and beautiful. Some understand it simply as an undefined tranquility tinged with despair over the loss of something now forgotten. For others, it signifies something far more sinister, and is therefore something to be feared.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Disquietude that springs from the fundamental nature of being a human being is vaster and more encompassing than depression, which has a cause and therefore a cure.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|She’d left him.Without a word. Without a thought. She’d left him and now he hadfeelings.For that alone, he’d never forgive her.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|I sit up and stare with eyes closed, perceiving the infinity of this dimension, so grateful to experience this, comfortable with the idea of this journey either ending shortly or continuing forever.
Paul Klee|A single day is enough to make us a little larger or, another time, a little smaller.
Debasish Mridha|Your tears proves that you are an emotional human being; love, joy, sadness and misery touches you deeply.
Justin Sane|If your goal is anything but profitability - if it's to be big, or to grow fast, or to become a technology leader - you'll hit problems.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|No zone have a perfect Family, but my Family is perfect for Me
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|But that's what love is, isn't it? When it hurts you more to see someone suffer than it does to take the pain away?
Carla H. Krueger|Books aren't written, they're rewritten. Including your own. It is one of the hardest things to accept, especially after the seventh rewrite hasn't quite done it...
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|But this girl—She reminded me of what it was like to believe in something. Her hope was naïve, but it was real, and I hadn’t felt something real in years. Nothing positive anyways. (Eric)
Bernard Katz|The Twist was a guided missile launched from the ghetto into the heart of suburbia. The Twist succeeded, as politics, religion and law could never do, in writing in the heart and soul what the Supreme Court could only write on the books.
Cathlin Shahriary, Return to Fae|Many people over forty have at least one health condition that affects their ability to work a forty hour work week effectively. Human Resources (HR), doctors and governments have known this fact for decades.
David Sax, The Revenge of Analog: Real Things and Why They Matter|Try to imagine the calamity of that: Zack, age twenty-eight, with no management experience, gets training from Dave, a weekend rock guitarist, on how to apply a set of fundamentally unsound psychological principles as a way to manipulate the people who report to him.
Frederick Douglass|If there is no struggle, there is no progress. Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean without the roar of its many waters. ...Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will. ...Find out just what people will submit to, and you have found the exact amount of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them; and these will continue until they are resisted with either words or blows, or with both. The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|Then there were the shabti, magical figurines that were supposed to come to life when summoned. A few months ago, I’d fallen for a girl named Zia Rashid, who’d turned out to be a shabti. Falling in love for the first time had been hard enough. But when the girl you like turns out to be ceramic and cracks to pieces before your eyes—well, it gives “breaking your heart” a new meaning.
Lili St. Crow, Strange Angels|You're terribly selfish, you know. I've loved you so long, and it was never dear or precious to you. I might as well have not loved you at all.
Natalie Clifford Barney|It's necessary to use suffering. Otherwise, one is used by it.
Marcus Buckingham|Forcing your employees to follow required steps only prevents customer dissatisfaction. If your goal is truly to satisfy, to create advocates, then the step-by-step approach alone cannot get you there. Instead, you must select employees who have the talent to listen and to teach, and then you must focus them toward simple emotional outcomes like partnership and advice....Identify a person's strenths. Define outcomes that play to those strengths. Find a way to count, rate or rank those outcomes. And then let the person run.
Mark Russell|Son, in life you do not fight battles because you expect to win......you fight them merely because they need to be fought.-Snagglepuss
Debasish Mridha|To be beautiful, love is the best makeup to wear.
Dale Pendell, Pharmako/Poeia: Plant Powers, Poisons, and Herbcraft|A fish cannot be aware of the ocean, before jumping up out of water.
Blake Nelson, Destroy All Cars|... the sea pirates who had the most to do with the creation of the newgovernment owned human slaves. They used human beings for machinery, and, evenafter slavery was eliminated, because it was so embarrassing, they and theirdescendants continued to think of ordinary human beings as machines.
Alija Izetbegović|Whether most Muslims are peaceable is irrelevant. The fact is that fanatics rule Islam now & act-out what the Qur'an truly says ...maul, march, & murder every Infidel if they won't convert!
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|For many of our Greek friends a book is a final desperate attempt to fill the existential void when there is no one to talk to, nothing to do, no television to view, nothing in the street to watch and even the middle distance holds nothing to stare at. To be seen carrying a book in public, let alone reading one, is a mark of eccentricity or foreignness.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|The Librarian was not familiar with love, which had always struck him as a bit ethereal and soppy, but kindness, on the other hand, was practical. You knew where you were with kindness, especially if you were holding a pie it had just given you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Integrity means that we are trustworthy and dependable, and our character is above reproach.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Why is the TV on, and why aren't you on the way to naked?"...	"My head and the rest of me" - he drew her attention to his erection - "heard sex. No putting that genie back in the lamp...
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|It criticizes me,but my 2nd quest give me deserve a second chance but it is my own survival,My friend.
Amit Kalantri|You may not appreciate the presence of good health, but you will definitely regret the absence of good health, because health is happiness.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|The waltz was the only way a young couple could touch one another, and even through gloves I could feel the heat of your grandfather's touch,'she'd tell Luc, with a wicked glimmer in her eye.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Little Italy|The truth is, time marches on and you have two choices: You move forward, come what may, and you experience all the sour and sweet things that fly at you from around corners, or you sit still. Don't sit still.
Latika Teotia|God always answers our prayers; if there is a delay, it is because He has something better in mind for us. Don’t give up- we commit the mistake of giving up too soon thinking that God has forgotten us little realizing that He never forsakes His children. If you feel your prayers have not been answered, then keep praying, increase the intensity of your prayers till He gives you what you want.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind and the chit are discharging and the world has believed them to be ‘charge’. That is why they attempt to still the mind and the chit, but that is not possible.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Let us account for all we see by the facts we know. If there are things for which we cannot account, let us wait for light. To account for anything by supernatural agencies is, in fact to say that we do not know. Theology is not what we know about God, but what we do not know about Nature.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|Let us cherish and love old age; for it is full of pleasure if one knows how to use it. Fruits are most welcome when almost over; youth is most charming at its close; the last drink delights the toper, the glass which souses him and puts the finishing touch on his drunkenness. Each pleasure reserves to the end the greatest delights which it contains. Life is most delightful when it is on the downward slope, but has not yet reached the abrupt decline.
Leon R. Kass|On cheap tippers:"Don't take it personally; they were deprived somehow as children.On low-fat entrees: "They sell well enough, but nobody's too happy after the meal.
David Cameron|I'm a classic Church of England member, but part of its strength is the fact that it doesn't ask us to sign up to too much of a canon... but I've always found the teachings of Jesus and the Bible quite useful as a sort of handy guide.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|Ignorance is the mother of all the evil and all the misery we see. Let men have light, let them be pure and spiritually strong and educated, then alone will misery cease in the world, not before. We may convert every house in the country into a charity asylum, we may fill the land with hospitals, but the misery of man will still continue to exist until man's character changes.
William Law|Art has two constant, two unending concerns: It always meditates on death and thus always creates life. All great, genuine art resembles and continues the Revelation of St John.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Our reality is colored by our vibration and belief systems. In other words, the experiences we have in the world with other people are dictated by the energy we bring with us wherever we go.
Lisa Randall|The Journey of Reconciliation was organized not only to devise techniques for eliminating Jim Crow in travel, but also as a training ground for similar peaceful projects against discrimination in such major areas as employment and in the armed services.
Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton|You're in a rather odd mood today."I'm soaking wet, Eloise."No need to snap at me about it, I didn't force you to walk across town in the rain."It wasn't raining when I left,". There was something about a sibling that brought out the eight-year-old in a body.I'm sure the sky was gray," Clearly, she had a bit of the eight-year-old in her as well.
Susanne Winnacker, The Other Life|You can pray and fight at the same time, Corporal. Especially if you learn how before things get rough. It’s important to have a philosophy of life . . . and of death.
Rich Mullins|I had a professor one time... He said, 'Class, you will forget almost everything I will teach you in here, so please remember this: that God spoke to Balaam through his ass, and He has been speaking through asses ever since. So, if God should choose to speak through you, you need not think too highly of yourself. And, if on meeting someone, right away you recognize what they are, listen to them anyway'.
Steve Jobs|When I started Virgin from a basement in west London, there was no great plan or strategy. I didn't set out to build a business empire... For me, building a business is all about doing something to be proud of, bringing talented people together and creating something that's going to make a real difference to other people's lives.
Ayn Rand|Now you see, Dr. Stadler, you're speaking as if this book were addressing to a thinking audience. If it were, one would have to be concerned with such matters as accuracy, validity, logic and the prestige of science. But it isn't. It's addressed to the public. 
The Holy Bible|Proverbs 22:7 "The rich rule over the poor and the borrower is slave to the lender."Galatians 5:1 "do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery.
Richard L. Mabry, Fatal Trauma|If God doesn't use people who've failed, who's left for Him to use?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|A teleporting cat! Is she yours?" Dr. Daniel McCleod. "Suki
Sun Yat-sen|In those parts of the world where learning and science has prevailed, miracles have ceased; but in those parts of it as are barbarous and ignorant, miracles are still in vogue.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|It appears that countless women born between the years of 1965 and 1978 are in love with John Cusack. I cannot fathom how he isn't the number-one box office star in America, because every straight girl I know would seel her soul to share a milkshake with that motherfucker.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|As the Roman Empire came to its close, all the old gods of the pagan world were seen as demons by the Christians who rose. It was useless to tell them as the centuries passed that their Christ was but another God of the Wood, dying and rising, as Dionysus or Osiris had done before him, and that the Virgin Mary was in fact the Good Mother again enshrined. Theirs was a new age of belief and conviction, and in it we became devils, detached from what they believed, as old knowledge was forgotten or misunderstood.
Jan Jansen|Be grateful for each moment, for we know not which will be our last.
Peter Ackroyd, The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde|Some drink to forget, I drink to remember. I drink in order to understand what I mean and to discover what I know. Under its benign influence all the stories and dramas which properly belong to the sphere of art are announced by me in conversation.
Carla VanKoughnett|Beneath the people we think we are, there are funnier, happier, livelier people that we keep ignoring.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|I like the sound of words, but I don't ever really expect my slow, slanted impression of the world to change by what I read.
Michael Anderson|Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Victory will not go to those who can inflict the most suffering, but to those who can survive the most.
Mohammad Zayer|Books appear to be frail and disposable, but they are sacred. You can burn the paper, but the stories live on. In the same way, a poor man or woman is not a burden on society, they are those who survive despite the odds—and when they don’t, they still represent those who tried.
Loren Weisman|How is it that there are so many minds that are incapable of understanding mathematics? ... the skeleton of our understanding, ... and actually they are the majority. ... We have here a problem that is not easy of solution, but yet must engage the attention of all who wish to devote themselves to education.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can act right, you are richer than you think.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Men will confess to treason, murder, arson, false teeth, or a wig. How many of them will own up to a lack of humor?
Alexandre Dumas|How he loved and yetwished to leave you: always both, at once.
Teri Garr|The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|We will attract potential partners who reflect back to us what we need to heal, balance and strengthen in ourselves- until we become whole. At that point, we can attract our twin flame or soul mate and enjoy a peaceful co- creative partnership that benefits all of mankind.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth; and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Jonathan Bailey|As you begin to Awaken.. You discover yourself sitting in nature.. flowing like the river.. Trying to understand the purpose.. then realizing "Nature is Happening, that is its purpose".. You are just like the river flowing through nature.. Your purpose is to be like nature. Start Now.. in the precious moments.. for its the only time that exists.
Luis Almonte|Surround yourself with people that love you and accept you exactly for who and what you are. The only explanation you owe is the one you give to yourself, for not living your authentic life with the love and purpose you were meant to live.
Dada Bhagwan|If money is spent in the wrong way, then ‘control’ the spending and if the money is spent in the right way, then ‘decontrol’ the spending.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe a Christian can sin, but he does not have to. God never would have told us to reject evil acts if in point of fact we could not help but do them.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|When we live our life as if it is an open book, we are free in body, mind, and spirit and allow anyone to read from our pages.
Michael Haneke|A man can be 43, and people will say, 'Oh, he's a cool bachelor, and he just hasn't settled down,' but with a woman, it's, 'Oh, she must have really wanted to get married, but she didn't.' I honestly think that attitude is a little bit sexist.
Octavia E. Butler|The vast majority of Malaysians are sensible people; they're moderates, they want peace, they want harmonious race relations at home. They look for national unity.
Jean Hamilton-Fford, Play.Create.Succeed.|On one side of accountability is courage, on the other is freedom.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|Impression forms opinion, opinion deforms truth!
Hannah More, Coelebs in Search of a Wife|For a Man cannot believe a Miracle without relying upon Sense, nor Transubstantiation without renouncing it. So that never were any two things so ill coupled together as the Doctrine of Christianity and that of Transubstantiation, because they draw several ways, and are ready to strangle one another: For the main Evidence of the Christian Doctrine, which is Miracles, is resolved into the certainty of Sense, but this Evidence is clear and point blank against Transubstantiation.
Douglas Self|I reached up with my finger and traced the scar over my eyebrow, remembering when that was the greatest hurt I'd ever known.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|In love, there is no need to choose between self and other, because self is other.
Angela Merkel|Experience acquired in the heroic battle against Batista's tyranny showed that the enemy, no matter what his strength, could not defeat the Cuban people.
Anthony Liccione|Then you do not belong here. Death holds no sweetness in this house. We are not warriors, nor soldiers, nor swaggering bravos puffed up with pride. We do not kill to serve some lord, to fatten our purses, to stroke our vanity. We never give the gift to please ourselves. Nor do we choose the ones we kill. We are but servants of the God of Many Faces.""Valar dohaeris." All men must serve."You know the words, but you are too proud to serve. A servant must be humble and obedient.""I obey. I can be humbler than anyone."That made him chuckle. "You will be the very goddess of humility, I am sure. But can you pay the price?""What price?""The price is you. The price is all you have and all you ever hope to have. We took your eyes and gave them back. Next we will take your ears, and you will walk in silence. You will give us your legs and crawl. You will be no one's daughter, no one's wife, no one's mother. Your name will be a lie, and the very face you wear will not be your own.
Derin J Tom|I find that when people haven't found God and do not know the new birth and the Spirit is not on them, yet they have the ancient impulse to worship something. If they're not educated they kill a chicken and put a funny thing on their head and dance around. If they are educated they write poetry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|It's amazing how once the mind is free of emotional pollution, logic and clarity emerge.
William Hague|A globalized world is by now a familiar fact of life. Building walls or moats may sound appealing, but the future belongs to those who tend to their people and then boldly engage the rest of the world, near and far.
Donna Lynn Hope|We deny more than we confess. We hide more than we reveal. We assume because it makes us feel exposed if we have to ask. It's easier to say "I feel nothing" than to admit "I feel something." It takes no courage to say, "I hate you" but it takes a great deal of moxie to declare its opposite. Masks are elaborate and everyone has one. It takes a while to get to know people. This doesn't make them special, it makes them like everyone else. Sometimes our hearts scream yes while our heads say run; and only one can be obeyed.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|And so, standing before the aforesaid officiator, the two swore that at every other time of their lives till death took them, they would assuredly believe, feel, and desire precisely as they had believed, felt, and desired during the few preceding weeks. What was as remarkable as the undertaking itself was the fact that nobody seemed at all surprised at what they swore.
Nicholas Sparks, The Longest Ride|If formality and courtesy take over the feelings . . . how silly and meaningless these things could become. And despite all this, I still take part in it!
Alan Moore, From Hell|In the darkest region of the political field the condemned man represents the symmetrical, inverted figure of the king.
Sam Maggs, Wonder Women: 25 Innovators, Inventors, and Trailblazers Who Changed History|History is full of lady engineers and spies and scientists. But history is also written by the victorious, and it may not surprise you that thus far the overwhelming winners have been straight white dudes. That hasn't worked out so well for everyone else.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|My letters! all dead paper, mute and white!And yet they seem alive and quiveringAgainst my tremulous hands which loose the stringAnd let them drop down on my knee to-night.This said, -- he wished to have me in his sightOnce, as a friend: this fixed a day in springTo come and touch my hand ... a simple thing,Yet I wept for it! -- this, ... the paper's light ...Said, Dear I love thee; and I sank and quailedAs if God's future thundered on my past.This said, I am thine -- and so its ink has paledWith lying at my heart that beat too fast.And this ... O Love, thy words have ill availedIf, what this said, I dared repeat at last!
Mahmoud Darwish, Absent Presence|Far away, our dreams have nothing to do with what we do. The wind carries the night, and passes on, aimless.
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|She was so delicate that, while we sat beneath the linden branches, a leaf would fall and drift down and touch her skin, and it would leave a bruise. So as we sat in the afternoon hour, beneath that fragrant linden bower, I had to chase all of the leafs that fell away.
Stephen Erickson|Boredom is certainly not an evil to be taken lightly: it will ultimately etch lines of true despair onto a face. It makes beings with as little love for each other as humans nonetheless seek each other with such intensity, and in this way becomes the source of sociability.
Lauren Worsham|The reality of any location in Britain being used in a TV program of a film is that something bad is going to happen! That's the nature of drama. Most of the things that get made or basically grisly detective shows about murders, accidents or medical dramas.
Angela Doll Carlson, Garden in the East: The Spiritual Life of the Body|But no matter what my eyes report, there is beauty that lives under the skin, under the surface, under the standards set up for me by outside arbiters of what is good and true. Those arbiters are not always so reliable. They can be bought and sold. They can be marketed and manufactured. The real standards, the ones set forth by the One who made me, are solid, knitted into me at my beginning. This beauty is true and real, and it lives within the heart. It is my heart that must be trained to recognize this beauty.
Cyma Rizwaan Khan, I See The Devil|Don’t tell me you have OCD about this?”“OCD, ADHD—pretty sure if they come up with some new acronym tomorrow I’d have it.
Sophie Kinsella, My Not So Perfect Life|Every time you see someone's bright-and-shiny, remember: They have their own crappy truths too. Of course they do. And every time you see your own crappy truth and feel despair and think, 'Is this my life?', remember: It's not. Everyone's got a bright-and-shiny, even if it's hard to find sometimes.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|If a book is well written, I always find it too short.
Lori Lesko|You will do well not to write for money, not because you won't get rich doing it, but because writing fueled by that sort of motivation becomes dull and lifeless and mediocre.
Debasish Mridha|To gain something, be ready to give up something.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...no good writing flows from a polluted well - you can write about monsters, but you can't be one...
Emanuel Swedenborg, True Christian Religion, Vol 1|This philosophy of spiritual formation through the consumption of external experiences creates worship junkies — Christians who leap from one mountaintop to another, one spiritual high to another, in search of a glory that does not fade.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|You'll look away from your own face in the mirror, pull the chain twice to hide from yourself in the dark, and when it's all over you won't fucking say anything. You won't fucking say anything to anyone ever.
John W. Thompson|While there have been terrific advances in the state of technology around heuristics, behavior blocking, and things like that, technology is only a part of the approach to solving the problem with the more important aspect involving putting the right process in place.
Dada Bhagwan|There is a vast difference between sakshibhaav [being a witness; witnessing state] and Gnata-Drashta bhaav [Knower-Seer state]. Some saints may have attained sakshibhaav but they [still] have to make efforts to progress further. Despite sakshibhaav, their illusion [bhranti] has not gone. The ultimate state is the one of Gnata-Drashta.
Debasish Mridha|Life has dazzling beauty. To see it, open the window of the mind and remove the curtain of conformity.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|Control.... is not what we need.What we need is to bend to the tempest like pine and palm trees - flexible, adaptive, attuned, yet fully rooted in our principles.
Tom Holt, Lucia Triumphant|I have never found a painter more beautiful than his paintings nor a writer who was more expressive than his works. While one got his hands dirty, other made the paper dirty to create masterpieces!
Terry Pratchett|These days, we've got booksellers in cities, in deserts, and in the middle of a rain forest; we've got travelling bookshops, and bookshops underground. We've got bookshops in barns, in caravans and in converted Victorian railway stations. We've even got booksellers selling books in the middle of a war. Are bookshops still relevant? They certainly are.All bookshops are full of stories, and stories want to be heard.
Andrew M Greeley|As you write your novel, you gradually start thinking like some of your characters in it. And at times the writer may lose himself completely in some character.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|I hear preached in our charismatic churches, which basically borders on sowing and reaping, giving and receiving. I thought there must be a different format to that message
Stormie Omartian|People’s love for us may change, depending on what we do or don’t do to please them. But God’s does not—it’s everlasting.
C.J. Anderson, Enter Ruinland|God seemed to have become a brand, a packaging, and people purchase this trusted brand with such faith and devotion that they no longer care who the vendor is.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Professor Khupe felt his chest swell with pride. It was doing so without his encouragement. If an electrical fault had stopped the elevator from rising, his inflating ego would have powered the remainder of their journey to the twenty-second floor.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|I have waited twenty years for this phone call . . . and all this time I thought it would go away. I knew I would always be sad for my sister. But I thought the other would go away.” “What is the other, Henrik?” Though he knew the answer. “Anger . . . I am still angry, Detective Bosch.” Bosch nodded. He looked down at his desk, at the photos of all the victims under the glass top. Cases and faces. His eyes moved from the photo of Anneke Jespersen to some of the others. The ones he had not yet spoken for. “So am I, Henrik,” he said. “So am I.”- "The Burning Room" by Michael Connelly
William Hazlitt|There's basically an element of fiction in everything you remember. Imagination and memory are almost the same brain processes. When I write fiction, I know that I'm using a bunch of lies that I've made up to create some form of truth. When I write a memoir, I'm using true elements to create something that will always be somehow fictionalized.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|There are places I cannot visit. Places of unbearable sadness, grief, mourning. They say places are made by people. I say places are defined by the memories they conjure—the lunge of a curse, a shared and shattered history, a loved one drowned and lost in the ocean of forgetting.
Taylor Swift|Often we want to be somewhere other than where we are, to even to be someone other than who we are. We tend to compare ourselves constantly with others and wonder why we are not as rich, as intelligent, as simple, as generous, or as saintly as they are. Such comparisons make us feel guilty, ashamed, or jealous. It is very important to realize that our vocation is hidden in where we are and who we are. We are unique human beings, each with a call to realize in life what nobody else can, and to realize it in the concrete context of the here and now.We will never find our vocations by trying to figure out whether we are better or worse than others. We are good enough to do what we are called to do. Be yourself!
Martin Luther King Jr.|These men are in prison: that is the Outsider’s verdict. They are quite contented in prison—caged animals who have never known freedom; but it is prison all the same. And the Outsider? He is in prison too: nearly every Outsider in this book has told us so in a different language; but he knows it. His desire is to escape. But a prison-break is not an easy matter; you must know all about your prison, otherwise you might spend years in tunnelling, like the Abbe in The Count of Monte Cristo, and only find yourself in the next cell.
Cordelia Kingsbridge, Close Protection|I love the way you feel inside me,” he said.Ryder made a low, rumbling noise of contentment. “I love the way I feel inside you, too.”“I love that you did this for me because you wanted to give me something special.” Luca started rocking back and forth on Ryder’s cock. “I love that you’ve never done it for anyone else.”Ryder’s brow creased. “Luca…”Luca put his hand over Ryder’s mouth, a domineering gesture that silenced Ryder instantly. He didn’t know where the words were coming from, just that they were clawing at his throat, demanding to get out.“I love the way you treat me,” he said. “I love that you’re so much stronger than me but you never make me feel weak. I love that you take care of me without implying that I can’t take care of myself. I love that you let me take control but always call me on my bullshit.”Luca had to pause for a moment; the pleasure of their slow, rhythmic fucking was making it difficult for him to gather his thoughts. Ryder waited, eyes watchful.“I love that you’re always worried about doing the right thing, even when nobody else is.” Certain that Ryder wouldn’t interrupt now, Luca let go of his mouth and braced his hands on Ryder’s chest. He bounced shallowly on Ryder’s cock, soaking up his size, his strength, his steady, reassuring presence. “I love that I can trust you, and I love that I can rely on you, and – and I love you, Ryder, I do, I love you – ”Because he did, of course he did. It was crazy to pretend that he didn’t. He might be damning them both, but he couldn’t hide from this any longer, couldn’t let Ryder go on thinking he wasn’t head-over-heels in love with him.
Carson McCullers, The Mortgaged Heart: Selected Writings|Here is the life you have tried to throw away. Here is your second chance. Here is the destiny you have tried to shake off by inventing a hundred false roles, a hundred false identities for yourself. It will look at first like disaster, but is really good fortune in disguise, since fate too knows how to follow your evasions through a hundred forms of its own. Now you will become at last the one you intended to be.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|Make no mistake, my darling. I am coming for you. I will take you back.
Cornel West|The teaching conundrum had been solved. Teaching evolves where the costs are outweighed by the inclusive fitness benefits that result from the tutor's relatives being more likely to acquire the valuable information. Teaching is not favored when the pupil can easily acquire the information on their own or through copying others. Nor is it favored when imparting traits that are difficult to learn, as teachers generally do not possess the information to pass on to their relatives. These restrictions typically lead to few circumstances under which teaching would be efficacious. Models that allow for cumulative cultural knowledge gain, however, suggest that teaching evolved in humans despite, rather than because of, our strong imitative capabilities, and primarily because cumulative culture renders otherwise difficult-to-acquire valuable information available to teach. The analyses suggest that human teaching and cumulative culture evolved together, through mutual reinforcement.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|According to Islam, whenever we are struck by illness or misfortune or someone hurts us, there is a higher purpose behind it, which we may not understand at the time,’ one of them said to me. ‘That’s where trust comes in. Through suffering, God helps us to better ourselves and make good our mistakes. It is a form of purification and also God’s way of testing the strength of our faith and the goodness of our character.’ Another lady suggested I look on the bright side.‘Suffering draws us closer to God and that is our aim in life,’ she said. Then she quoted Rumi who had said, ‘It is pain that draws man to his Lord, because when he is well, he doesn’t remember the Lord.’ I tried to look at the positive and believe that there was a higher, spiritual perspective on what I had just been through, and all the advice I was given helped me a lot. But it took quite a while for my heart to catch up with my mind.
Lauren Oliver|Believe me, all of you, the best way to help the places we live in is to be glad we live there.
Megan McCafferty, Sloppy Firsts|So, you want the dirt on Hell boy or not?~ Taylor (to Erin about Veiron) Her Demonic Angel ~
Kathleen Sebelius|When women earn more, families are stronger, and children have better access to quality health care and education.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 3|Sometimes I would hold it in for days so that I could have a really big one and also because it felt good in itself. When I really did have to shit, so much that I could barely stand upright but had to bend forward, I had such a fantastic feeling in my body if I didn't let nature take its course, if I squeezed the muscles in my butt together as hard as I could and, as it were, forced the shit back to where it came from. But this was a dangerous game, because if you did it too many times the turd ultimately grew so big it was impossible to shit it out. Oh Christ, how it hurt when such an enormous turd had to come out! It was truly unbearable, I was convulsed with pain, it was as if my body were exploding with pain, AAAAAAGGGHHH!! I screamed, OOOOOHHH, and then, just as it was at its very worst, suddenly it was out.Oh, how good that was!
George Orwell, 1984|And why do you imagine that we bring people to this place?’ ‘To make them confess.’ ‘No, that is not the reason. Try again.’ ‘To punish them.’ ‘No!’ exclaimed O’Brien. His voice had changed extraordinarily, and his face had suddenly become both stern and animated. ‘No! Not merely to extract your confession, not to punish you. Shall I tell you why we have brought you here? To cure you! To make you sane! Will you understand, Winston, that no one whom we bring to this place ever leaves our hands uncured? We are not interested in those stupid crimes that you have committed. The Party is not interested in the overt act: the thought is all we care about. We do not merely destroy our enemies, we change them. Do you understand what I mean by that?
Edgar Allan Poe, Selected Tales|In the previous few minutes, I had seen the most beautiful thing that eyes can see: the glory of God shining in the radiance of creation. I had heard the most beautiful thing that ears can hear: friends telling friends that they love one another. And I had felt the most beautiful thing that any heart can ever feel: the love of God and the love of others.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Families are great murderers of the creative impulsive, particularly husbands.
Deyth Banger|When we treat God as a different identity, our thought process becomes dualistic in nature. This is due to the self ignorance, ego and immaturity; in simple words, less knowledge about our own immortality.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|I know that throughout my life I have struggled to forgive my father. Now, as I get older, I wish most of all that he had been able to find a way to forgive himself.
Ann Medlock|The cunning villains used our innocence, naivety and honesty; they incited and steered our virtue, purity and fervent temperaments. When we realized the actual absurdity of the situation and began to demand our democratic rights, we were subjected to unprecedented persecution and suppression. Our youth, passion, learning, idealism and joy were all sacrificed to the terrible rule of this wicked tyranny. How can this not be blood?
Val Uchendu|Love is purely spiritual, until you can honestly accept and love your essence and truth, you have nothing to offer another
Emmitt Smith|The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
Pierre Niney|As I pass it, I feel as if I saw a dear old mother, sweet in her weakness, trembling at the approach of her dissolution, but not appealing to me against the inevitable, rather endeavouring to reassure me by her patience, and pointing to a hopeful future.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Once she was gone, I knelt next to Annabeth and felt her forehead. She was still burning up."You're cute when you're worried," she muttered. "Your eyebrows get all scrunched toge
Karl Lagerfeld|For me, Chanel is like music. There are certain notes and you have to make another tune with them
Guy Lafleur|I want to thank God, obviously for the health, for the talent He's given me, for my family who supports me, for the things that basketball's taught me on and off the court. For the people that I've been able to meet through the game of basketball.
Roxane Gay|Then not only custom, but also nature affirms that to do is more disgraceful than to suffer injustice, and that justice is equality.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Windsurfing, the sound of the word contains all the mystery of a solitary buoy in the fog, echoing across the water at the end of the day.
Jill Shalvis|She'll never be all the way tame, just the way she's made ... sorta like you, I imagine.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When we were on trees, others had lived in skies. When we reach skies, descendant of primitives will someday convey this message.
Heidi W. Durrow, The Girl Who Fell from the Sky|That's what you got for being a servant of no ambition: a shrunken life, hung up like a gibbet as a warning to others.
Erik Pevernagie|You get up, you dress up, you show up. And usually have a pretty good time by the end of it.
Orhan Pamuk|In a World where people are surrounded by darkness, ignorance and fear, it is a sign of hope to be celebrating Islam's message of peace and light, and the last great Messenger, born and chosen to deliver them to all mankind.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I am taking time to relax, renew and revive.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What matters is the act of surrender. The awakening process all boils down to this: surrender. How, you may ask?Like this: Lay yourself down on the floor and let go of everything.Let go of the need to understand, the need to know how exactly to do it and what to say, how to be and so on.Just "give up" (the struggle).Literally just lay there and say "Take me, I'm yours. Do with me what you wish, I won't resist or avoid anything anymore. I'm sincerely yours".Let go. Surrender. Just let go.You don't have to figure anything out, you don't have to seek anymore, you don't have to look for any answers or solutions anymore.Just let go. Let everything go.I'm telling you; this is the ultimate solution and answer that the awakening process leads to anyway, so you might as well save yourself years of suffering by surrendering to Truth right now and let it take over your life.It all falls into place in the moment of surrender, that's when freedom and peace comes and takes over your whole being.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|Lori rushed to join him, threw her arms around his waist, and gave him a big, warm hug. And then kissed him full on the mouth.	When he came up for air and looked into her smiling face, he smiled right back. "Well, hell, if you had let me know that this was the way I'd be treated as the pack leader, I would have done it a long time ago.
Eric Gamalinda, Amigo Warfare|Antonio," Ash groaned, "you know I hate it when you eat at my desk." "I know," Antonio replied, "but I don't mind and so long as one of us is reasonable, I figured why not?
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I'm glad you were both here," I finally manage, thinking how strange it is to be standing with the two people who made you, something most kids take for granted every day of their lives.
Brandon Mull|An unread book does nobody any good. Stories happen in the mind of a reader, not among symbols printed on a page.
Seth Shostak|I think that the best things come from thought, without thinking. I think that's the smartest use of the intelligence that we all have.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|The goblins have been after me ever since I helped the Coven drive them out of Essex. (They were gobbling up drunk people in club bathrooms, and the Mage was worried about losing regional slang.) I think the goblin who successfully offs me gets to be king.
Aldous Huxley|Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
Christian Louboutin|Cooking, decorating, diet/self-help and gardening books are guilty pleasures and useful time fillers.
William Hazlitt|I am not bound for any public place, but for ground of my own where I have planted vines and orchard trees, and in the heat of the day climbed up into the healing shadow of the woods.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Here she is,” her mum said, cooing at the baby, “my special girl.”“Oh, cheers,” Valkyrie said, rolling her eyes.
Ashlyn Chase, I Dream of Dragons|Jackie, can you tell me if someone’s dead or not?’“Who it be? Maybe I heard something.”“Miranda Lopez.” I pulled out the charm and balanced it on my fingertips, and then I realized the photo was probably a better likeness. I pocketed the milagro ad held up the Polaroid. “I find out for you if you get me a dime.”I sighed and put the photo away. “You can’t smoke crack. You’re dead. And even if you weren’t, I’m not gonna score for you. I’m a cop. ““You so full of shit. You ain’t no cop neither.”“Would I be wearing this fucking suit if I wasn’t a cop?”“I don’t know. I always thought you sold cars or something.”I tucked my chin toward my chest and stomped toward my gate. Jackie couldn’t help me. And how dare she call me a used car salesman? I wasn’t always a dork in a blazer. Once upon a time I was actually cool. Until the Cook County Mental Health Centre, anyway. After that, I guess I kinda stopped caring.
Paul Kearney|Memories are important, like the bones of the mind. We build ourselves upon them, flesh and blood moulded around the pictures of what is past.
Luisa Natasha Parker, Natasha a Journey to Freedom, Love and Happiness|Let's Play Cat & MouseIt was a beautiful day as he walked the streets,filled with flowers of summer and the green of the trees.The sun just rising, the freshness in the air.In the distance, something rolled across the road,pushed and played with by a fluffy, tiger like cat.It rolled, and was poked and pushed to the edge …Stop that, Stop that, Stop that now …it’s tiny little legs on the floor as it stretched as tall as it could,arms in front, as it looked up at fluffy …No, No, NoYou can’t catch me …Shocked and amazed was fluffy …As his morning breakfast, scurried and hurried along the side of the road …Goodbye, Good Day, have a wonderful Day …As they continued their day …No more time for Let’s play cat and mouse.by Natasha Parker Copyright © 2014 by Luisa Natasha Parker
G.R. Matthews|I think the measure of advancement depends on where you are stood and from what distance you look. A thousand years ago, we farmed the fields, built towns and defended our land with swords and spears. It is little different now, save for the number of people we have to protect. We still kill with a sharp edge or point of metal, blood runs red still, sons ride off to war and parents grieve. If you look at the Empire in its whole, then it is peaceful. If you look closely, you will see the small wars, the bandits and rebellions. Look more closely still and you’ll see the petty crimes, the struggle to survive, the rich bleeding the poor. Even the soil can turn against its farmers, yielding few crops. Or the weather, a late frost killing the early crops. There is strife and conflict everywhere in the Empire. Everywhere you find men, you find conflict.
Carl R. Rogers, On Encounter Groups|So, here we are, all of us poor bewildered darlings, wandering adrift in a universe too big and too complex for us, clasping and ricochetting off other people too different and too perplexing for us, and seeking to satisfy myriad, shifting, vague needs and desires, both mean and exalted. And sometimes we mesh. Don
Rossana Condoleo|Do the things you like to be happier, stronger & more successful. Only so is hard work replaced by dedication.
Stephen King, It|Eddie discovered one of his childhood's great truths. Grownups are the real monsters, he thought.
Charles Hodge|Whoever sets any bounds for the reconstructive power of the religious life over the social relations and institutions of men, to that extent denies the faith of the Master.
Vanessa Farnsworth, Rain on a Distant Roof: A Personal Journey Through Lyme Disease in Canada|Why is it that medical strictures and recommendations so often work in favor of food processors and against food producers? Why, for example, do we so strongly favor the pasteurization of milk to health and cleanliness in milk production? (Gene Logsdon correctly says that the motive here "is monopoly, not consumer's health.")
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Whoever wants the "I" to yield up its mysterious and tremendous secret must stop it from looking perpetually in the mirror, must stop the little ego's fascination with its own image.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Where's your sense of adventure?It died under mysterious circumstances. My sense of self-preservation found the body, but assures me it has an airtight alibi.-Captain Tagon & Captain Andreyasn
Steven D. Greydanus.|God created us for play and amusement just as he created us for work, prayer, and community. In particular he created us for art and culture: to create and look at images; to fashion stories and music and dance, and to perform and enjoy them; to explore imaginative scenarios of good and evil, of conflict and resolution.It is in our nature to engage in and to enjoy these things, as it is the nature of stars to shine and plants to grow. And, just as the sun glorifies God by shining and plants by growing, so we please and glorify him when we participate in wholesome aesthetic activities and amusements. In fact, because man has free will, he pleases God in a special way when he freely participates in the goods proper to his nature. If he does so with a will to glorify God, it can even be meritorious
Matthew Kelly, The Seven Levels of Intimacy: The Art of Loving and the Joy of Being Loved|Love, not as a surge of passion, but as a choice to commit to something, someone, no matter what obstacles or temptations stand in the way. And maybe making that choice, again and again, day in and day out, year after year, says more about love than never having a choice to make at all.
Mala Naidoo|Reading is air in my lungs, fire in my blood, company in my thoughts.
Milan Kundera|Too much faith is the worst ally. When you believe in something literally, through your faith you'll turn it into something absurd. One who is a genuine adherent, if you like, of some political outlook, never takes its sophistries seriously, but only its practical aims, which are concealed beneath these sophistries. Political rhetoric and sophistries do not exist, after all, in order that they be believed; rather, they have to serve as a common and agreed upon alibi. Foolish people who take them in earnest sooner or later discover inconsistencies in them, begin to protest, and finish finally and infamously as heretics and apostates. No, too much faith never brings anything good...
S.A.R.K.|This imaginary gift is a journey for your imagination.I send you...A luxury train ride. On this train are all the inspiring people you've ever wanted to meet or talk to. You glide from car to car, sitting or lying down on velvet lounge chairs, listening and asking questions. There is also a voluminous library on the train, with every book you've ever wanted to read or look at. Kind people bring you delicious tidbits to eat and nourishing liquids to drink. If you take a nap, time stands still until you return so you never miss anything. You receive a large journal filled with photographs, drawings and descriptions of your journey to take with you when you leave. You realize that you can board this train at any time.
Karl Kesel|For six months, then, Emma, at fifteen years of age, made her hands dirty with books from old lending libraries.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Some say they love you, but some actually "do" the loving. These are the ones that truly love you, because love is seen in actions.
Anthony T. Hincks|Before you open your mouth to say something, take a step back and imagine what you're going to say was said to you.It makes you think twice, doesn't it?
John Inman, My Busboy|You're the proverbial diamond in the rough", she'd said to him once, touching his nose lightly with the tip of her electrifying finger.
Franklin Foer, How Soccer Explains the World|Looking out the window, Moist saw a small swarm of goblins leave the train and at first he thought, ha! Trust the buggers to run away, and then he mentally corrected himself: that was storybook thinking and with clearer eyesight and a bit of understanding he realized that the goblins were scrambling up to the delvers on the rocks and beating the shit out of them by diving into the multiple layers of dwarf clothing. The delvers discovered all too rapidly that trying to fight while a busy goblin was in your underwear was very bad for the concentration.
Rachel Van Dyken, Elicit|I don't love anything." - Parker "I know." - Everett
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|All due respect to the Resurrection, but two-becoming-one might be the greatest miracle ever.
Lisa Ferentz, Treating Self-Destructive Behaviors in Trauma Survivors: A Clinician's Guide|As soon as you ascend to heaven in spirit, by being more spiritual and honest with yourself, you will notice that hell comes to you at the exact same time, and earth will literally feel like hell. Everyone that can't see it went on the opposite direction, from crazy to crazier. They see butterflies instead of worms and juice instead of blood, and can't smell their own rotting flesh. They went from surviving to becoming zombies. That's why I despite the vast majority of those that consider themselves spiritual. They are in fact lunatics disguised as saints.
Barry Lyga, Boy Toy|See, forgiveness doesn't happen all at once. It's not an event -- it's a process. Forgiveness happens while you're asleep, while you're dreaming, while you're inline at the coffee shop, while you're showering, eating, farting, jerking off. It happens in the back of your mind, and then one day you realize that you don't hate the person anymore, that your anger has gone away somewhere. And you understand. You've forgiven them. You don't know how or why. It sneaked up on you. It happened in the small spaces between thoughts and in the seconds between ideas and blinks. That's where forgiveness happens. Because anger and hatred, when left unfed, bleed away like air from a punctured tire, over time and days and years. Forgiveness is stealth. At least, that's what I hope.
Diane Hammond, Hannah's Dream|Harriet loved her new persona. As Maxine, she was courageous and accomplished, a woman of sophistication equally at home in Cannes or on the Indian subcontinent. As Maxine she didn't walk, she strode; she did not merely see, but beheld. The very air she breathed was bracing. Here was a conqueror of worlds.
Brian Tracy|Your biggest opportunity probably lies under your own feet, in your current job, industry, education, experience or interests.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|A public library is the most democratic thing in the world. What can be found there has undone dictators and tyrants: demagogues can persecute writers and tell them what to write as much as they like, but they cannot vanish what has been written in the past, though they try often enough...People who love literature have at least part of their minds immune from indoctrination. If you read, you can learn to think for yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t climb a mountain to look down on people below, but to get a clearer view of the stars above.
Joel Osteen|Chekhov was capable of casually tossing off deplorable comments in his letters, combined with a very modern anger against anti-Semitism.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|No matter how crazed you get, no matter what pressures you're under, no matter who needs what by yesterday... Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
Kevin J. Anderson|Don't pick up hitchhikers!"- D. Adams
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|We don’t necessarily need to know each other’s name, age, profession, drug of choice, childhood trauma or recent tragedy to understand what pain feels like and offer comfort. We are strangers drawn together by a shared desire for lasting peace.
M.F. Moonzajer|He was the best shot in India, and I expect that there are few better in London. Have you heard the name?''No, I have not.''Well, well, such is fame!
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Mistrust of good success hath done this deed.O hateful error, Melancholy's child,Why dost thou show to the apt thoughts of menThe things that are not? O Error, soon concieved,Thou never com'st unto a happy birth,But kill'st the mother that engendered thee.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|All right. Let’s pretend I’m so incredibly happy my brain is thinking about rainbows and butterflies and I’m waving good morning to the mailman. I let my guard down. Next thing I know, something takes a dark turn. But I don’t even realize it because I’m over here staring at a bright patch of happy light. All of a sudden, I’ve fallen into a hole and have no rope, no ladder, and the walls are too slippery to climb out of. Happiness makes me lose focus. It makes me weak. I can’t stand it. Does that make sense to you now?
Charlie Puth|Growing up, Guess always had these amazing billboards and cool affordable clothing. I wore it then, and I still wear it now! It's come full-circle. When I design the clothes, I have a very good team around me, showing me different pieces and cuts.
Hannah Farver, Uncompromising: A Heart Claimed By a Radical Love|The thing that struck me was his intensity. Whatever he was interested in he would generally carry to an irrational extreme." Jobs had honed his trick of using stares and silences to master other people. " One of his numbers was to stare at the person he was talking to. He would stare into their fucking eyeballs, ask some question, and would want a response without the other person averting their eyes.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Henry's recollections of the past, in contrast to Proust, are done while in movement. He may remember his first wife while making love to a whore, or he may remember his very first love while walking the streets, traveling to see a friend; and life does not stop while he remembers. Analysis in movement. No static vivisection. Henry's daily and continuous flow of life, his sexual activity, his talks with everyone, his cafe life, his conversations with people in the street, which I once considered an interruption to writing, I now believe to be a quality which distinguishes him from other writers. He never writes in cold blood: he is always writing in white heat.It is what I do with the journal, carrying it everywhere, writing on cafe tables while waiting for a friend, on the train, on the bus, in waiting rooms at the station, while my hair is washed, at the Sorbonne when the lectures get tedious, on journeys, trips, almost while people are talking.It is while cooking, gardening, walking, or love-making that I remember my childhood, and not while reading Freud's 'Preface to a Little Girl's Journal.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Warmth, perfume, rugs, soft lights, books. They do not appease me. I am aware of time passing, of all the world contains that I have not seen, of all the interesting people I have not met.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|He well knew his mind's natural tendency to be endlessly on a thousand subjects at once, to flit from this to that and to the next thing to no particular purpose--indeed, he called it his "butterfly mind.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|Ever since I could remember, She was all that mattered.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|He'd barely seen me coming, and despite the horribleness of what I'd just done, I kind of wished one of my instructors had been there to grade me on such an awesome performance.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Quite so. Quite right. And yet human beings, who dream ofbecoming more successful often fool themselves into believing thatit can happen without changing a single thing about themselves.They believe that success is some mysterious external factor thatwill just sort itself out while they sleep
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: Notes on a Latin American Journey|I finally felt myself lifted definitively away on the winds of adventure toward worlds I envisaged would be stranger than they were, into situations I imagined would be much more normal than they turned out to be.
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Hatred and greed are heavy loads. Your motive, on the other hand, is love. And instead of priding yourselves on your cunning, you recognize how weak you are...so weak that you must depend totally on the Spirit of God.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|Worry is a weighty monster with poisoned tentacles. It clutches at us, grabs at our minds, steals our breath, our will. It lurks. It pounces. It colors how we perceive the world.
Giovanna Fletcher, Christmas With Billy and Me|I love the arrival of a new season — each one bringing with it its own emotion: spring is full of hope; summer is freedom; autumn is a colourful release, and winter brings an enchanting peace. It's hard to pick which one I enjoy the most — each time the new one arrives, I remember its beauty and forget the previous one whose qualities have started to dim.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|. . .the particular way he had of structuring his paragraphs, beginning and ending each with a joke that wasn't really a joke, but an insult cloaked in a silken cape.
William Shakespeare|True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|How we are almost nothing. We think, in our youth, we are the centre of the universe, but we simply respond, go this way or that by accident, survive or improve by the luck of the draw, with little choice or determination on our part.
Donna Lynn Hope|Sometimes, oftentimes, people hold on to someone they love for self – because it's what they want; in rare cases, a person, who sincerely knows the meaning of love, which is sacrifice, loves enough to say goodbye and to walk away. They do it because they love someone enough to allow them to move on without them or to not be torn in multiple directions, which causes confusion, or because they feel that is their only choice.Loving like that is doing for another and denying self. It is sacrifice.It takes tremendous strength and the cost is loss and heart-ache but it's a price the rare are willing to pay because they truly love that much.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|There was currant toast squishy with butter, caramel-marshmallow squares, strawberry boats oozing custard, chocolate exclairs that exploded with cream when the cats bit into them with their little white teeth and-- a special treat for Pleasant-- a pie made from thick slices of Bramley apple, with just the right amount of tangy in the tangy-sweet.
Paula Cole|Like every art form, there are jealousies and angers and competitiveness in magic. But there's camaraderie among magicians, whether you perform it for a living or you're an enthusiast.
Jon Batiste|With today's technology, you can actually see the baby grow, move, and hear their little heart beats.
Tamara L. Chilver|God has a plan for you (Jer. 29:11) and you will make it through this time of testing. Keep on believing and moving forward and you will see Him working out the details. God is never early or late but His timing is always perfect. You will see, I promise.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|(Exchange with Winston Churchill)Churchill explains that having a woman in Parliament was like having one intrude on him in the bathroom, to which the Lady Astor retorted, "Sir, you are not handsome enough to have such fears".
Friedrich Nietzsche|The practice of that which is ethically best—what we call goodness or virtue—involves a course of conduct which, in all respects, is opposed to that which leads to success in the cosmic struggle for existence. In place of ruthless self-assertion it demands self-restraint; in place of thrusting aside, or treading down, all competitors, it requires that the individual shall not merely respect, but shall help his fellows... It repudiates the gladiatorial theory of existence... Laws and moral precepts are directed to the end of curbing the cosmic process.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two|I am strongly of the opinion that, after the age of twenty-one, a man ought not to be out of bed and awake at four in the morning. The hour breeds thought. At twenty-one, life being all future, it may be examined with impunity. But, at thirty, having become an uncomfortable mixture of future and past, it is a thing to be looked at only when the sun is high and the world full of warmth and optimism.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|A marriage is a delicate thing, Maggie, a balance of two hearts and two hopes. Sometimes the weight's just too heavy on the one side, and the other can't lift to it.
William Manchester, The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill: Visions of Glory 1874-1932|It comes over me that I had then a strange alter ego deep down somewhere inside me, as the full-blown flower is in the small tight bud, and I just took the course, I just transferred him to the climate, that blighted him once and for ever.
David Hare, Via Dolorosa & When Shall We Live?|We appealed to the conscience of the world. The world has no conscience. We have no one but ourselves."The fight. The struggle. The historic destiny. The return of the people. The cause: life therefore having a meaning and shape that eludes the rest of us in the endless wash of 'What the hell are we doing here?' In a single day, says an Israeli friend, he experiences events and emotions that would keep a Swede going for a year.
Scott Derrickson|For me, my family and my faith have been what's really been my anchor, and grounding me, and helping me navigate through a lot of the things that really destroy marriages in Hollywood, and in your own personal integrity.
Ally Carter, Take the Key and Lock Her Up|-I'm your girlfriend?- "No." Alexei shakes his head, then pulls me to him again, holds me closer. "There's not a word in either of our language for what you are to me".
Fiona Apple|When I was a kid--10, 11, 12, 13--the thing I wanted most in the world was a best friend. I wanted to be important to people; to have people that understood me. I wanted to just be close to somebody. And back then, a thought would go through my head almost constantly: "There's never gonna be a room someplace where there's a group of people sitting around, having fun, hanging out, where one of them goes, 'You know what would be great? We should call Fiona. Yeah, that would be good.' That'll never happen. There's nothing interesting about me." I just felt like I was a sad little boring thing.
William Faulkner, The Town|She was bored. She loved, had capacity to love, for love, to give and accept love. Only she tried twice and failed twice to find somebody not just strong enough to deserve it, earn it, match it, but even brave enough to accept it.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Emergency Valve Regulators," she repeated. "So you do know what your doing?"Not really," he said yanking another wire. 'I made up that term to keep you happy. I'm just pulling all the red wires because they're the pretty ones.
David Brazzeal, Pray Like a Gourmet: Creative Ways to Feed Your Soul|Creativity and spirituality function on the same side of the brain. If that is true, it is quite reasonable and natural for them to function together. The prophets and mystics we're obviously aware of this connection. p. 23.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 4|He turned to look at her. "We've some talking to do.""Didn't we do that on the plane ride over here?""I doona remember talking. I remember kissing, touching, and many orgasms, but no talking.
Mikhail Bakunin|Like all parents, my husband and I just do the best we can, hold our breath and hope we've set aside enough money for our kid's therapy.
Virginia Woolf|If we don't figure out a way to create equity, real equity, of opportunity and access, to good schools, housing, health care, and decent paying jobs, we're not going to survive as a productive and healthy society.
Beta Metani' Marashi|Your life "behind the scenes" must correspond to your life "on stage." What you preach must correspond to how you live
Burton E. Stevenson, American Men of Action|It appears to me that one defeats God precisely by not trying to stand above God, but on the contrary by using God's own existence against God.
Morton Hunt, The Story of Psychology|Historians are wont to name technological advances as the great milestones of culture, among them the development of the plow, the discovery of smelting and metalworking, the invention of the clock, printing press, steam power, electric engine, lightbulb, semiconductor, and computer. But possibly even more transforming than any of these was the recognition by Greek philosophers and their intellectual descendants that human beings could examine, comprehend, and eventually even guide or control their own thought process, emotions, and resulting behavior. With that realization we became something new and different on earth: the only animal that, by examining its own cerebration and behavior, could alter them. This, surely, was a giant step in evolution. Although we are physically little different from the people of three thousand years ago, we are culturally a different species. We are the psychologizing animal.
Karan Mahajan|Nothing could have prepared me for the reality of the situation here. You just can’t imagine it unless you see it. And even then your experience is not at all the reality: what with the difficulties the Israeli army would face if they shot an unarmed US citizen, the fact that I have money to buy water when the army destroys wells, and of course, the fact that I have the option to leave. I am allowed to see the ocean.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|People sometimes talk about the power of first impressions, and believe me, there is truth to it.
Peter O'Toole|A famous person to themselves, they don't get up in the morning and think, I'm famous. I'm not famous to me. Famous is a perception.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|[I]f we feel that creation does not express purpose, it is impossible to find an authorization for purpose in our own lives.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|I finally found him sitting on his balcony. He was leaning back against the wall with his eyes closed. Soft music played, and a cool ocean breeze blew back my hair as I stepped on to the balcony and inhaled the scent of the sea."May I join you?" I asked softly.He didn’t bother opening his eyes. "If you like."The moon in the dark sky looked like a giant white plate dipping its edge into the ocean. We sat quietly for a while. I closed my eyes too and listened to him hum along in harmony with the music."You haven’t played your guitar in a long time. I miss it," I said when the song was finished.Ren turned away. "I fear there is no music left in me.
Toby Frost, Space Captain Smith|People get the wrong idea. I blame science-fiction writers, personally. It annoys me how they confuse the whole robot issue. I tell you, if I met that Asimov bloke, I’d harm him, or at least through inaction allow him to come to harm.
Brey King, Miracle's Mate|Sweetheart, this is not a race to the finish line. It’s you and me, spending time together and getting to know each other better. Just that simple.
Geraldo Rivera|Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.
Rossana Condoleo, Happy Divorce: How to turn your divorce into the most brilliant and rewarding opportunity of your life!|When we do something we like, we are not only happy. We are also very strong!
Elizabeth Goudge|The woman, who is not the wife, has no right to receive the seed of the man, because it is the man and not the woman, who has to bear the responsibility for his seed
Peggy A. Edelheit|My motto? Don’t trust someone who is just as cagey as yourself." "What kind of detective are you?” “A lousy one and proud of it. I write, remember?” She looked down at her hand & laughed. “Berretta doesn’t make lighters.” "Why I was a writer! My life revolved around fiction. I could make something up""She looked down at her hand & laughed. “Berretta doesn’t make lighters.” "So they're not Tolstoy, they're a little shorter...Okay, okay a lot. Go ahead, read my mystery series anyway." "A detective has their boundaries especially me. So mine shifted occasionally...okay a lot" “Beat it, Buster. My temper and this mace have a hair trigger.”“Interference could be lethal.” I got right up in his face, hissing, “Don’t push me, I’m hormonal.”I'm not really a lousy detective, just rough around the edges.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If only I could see myself from the same vantage point that I observe the world; I might judge my behavior and expressions more critically, and others less.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Always remember, success leaves clues.
Amelia Hutchins, Fighting Destiny|I go in on your arm and we separate. To make me look unavailable, since Vlad likes what he can’t have, I play dumb blonde and make myself sexy.” I glared as Adam barked with laughter at my words.“No going off of the plan, when he takes you in the back room—and he will, you work the information out of him without blowing your cover, or him.” I shot the glare to Ryder. “I have no intention of bobbing on Vlad’s knob. Or yours.” I tossed into remove the wide smirk my response had given him and it worked.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks & Essays on the Writer, the Reader & the Imagination|Making female noises, shrieking and squeaking and being shrill, all those things that annoy people with longer vocal cords. Another case where the length of organs seems to be so important to men.
Vironika Tugaleva|You are not who you think you are. You are not your fears, your thoughts, or your body. You are not your insecurities, your career, or your memories. You're not what you're criticized for and you're not what you're praised for. You are a boundless wealth of potential. You are everything that's ever been. Don't sell yourself short. Every sunset, every mountain, every river, every passionate crowd, every concert, every drop of rain - that's you. So go find yourself. Go find your strength, find your beauty, find your purpose. Stop crafting your mask. Stop hiding. Stop lying to yourself and letting people lie to you. You're not lacking in anything except awareness. Everything you've ever wanted is already there, awaiting your attention, awaiting your time.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|You necessarily have to be lost, before you’re found.
Aaron B. Powell, Doomsday Diaries|I kept trying to explain and he kept shouting until I began to cry from frustration. Then he felt remorseful, which was so unlike him and endearing that I almost changed my mind and said yes. But then I imagined a lifetime of having to cry to get him to be kind, and I went back to no again.
Leah Spiegel, Foolish Games|If he'd been any other boy, and this was any other world, I would have kissed him. Nothing could have stopped me.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|In a way, losing hope and losing importance are the same thing. It is that youthful vibrance, that eternal longing and believing, that makes youth so important--if you grow old and lose that without finding another way to be important, you will slip away, fall into insignificance, like one sheet of paper. You may be useful, but you will never stand out from the crowd. You cannot look at a piece of paper and say, "I remember you." You never can.
Imania Margria|No matter what happens in your life, keep an open heart and mind with a gentle smile. It's the true beauty of the heart.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Monsters exist, but they are too few in number to be truly dangerous. More dangerous are the common men, the functionaries ready to believe and to act without asking questions.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Where the bodily presence is weak and the speech contemptible, surely there cannot be error in making written language the medium of better utterance than faltering lips can achieve?
Frank Lloyd Wright|Be the man who has the spirit of a ruthless tiger, ravaging every dusty corner of my soul.Be the man for whom I will tame myself voluntarily..Be the man who can make me forget my birth date in moments of utter dellusion.Be the man whose arms are my harbor, whose lips are my shore, and whose name is my only salvation.Be the man who erases my past and draws my future with trails of roses and kisses.Be the man who makes me sigh behind the windows of Poetry, longing to be written. Be the man whose cigarette's ashes are confounded with mine.Be the man whose voice moves mountains inside me.Be the man whose eyes devour the innocence within me with every piercing glance.Be the man for whom I will transform exceptions into rules.Be the man who will dare to tear this poem from my hands.The man who will rewrite with the uncertainty of the futur every single one of my verses.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|In true love, one has no reservations.True love is unquestionable,indisputable and totally recognizable.
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|It isn't where you're born in this world, it's what you do.
Bob Dylan, Tarantula|look, you know i don't wanna come on ungrateful, but that warren report, you know as well as me, just didn't make it. You know, like they might as well have asked some banana salesman from des moines, who was up in toronto on the big day, if he saw anyone around looking suspicious/...
Matshona Dhliwayo|When excellence comes in at the door, failure flies out the window.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|You fueled my obession, even encouraged it and your selfishness ruined my life
E.M. Forster, The Longest Journey|Sometimes a little song is sweet to hear, even if the orchestra is more accomplished
Linda Seger, Making a Good Script Great|How the story is read is very important is it soft, is it in dry way or smooth...
Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil|Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|First, silence makes us pilgrims. Secondly, silence guards the fire within. Thirdly, silence teaches us to speak.
L. Ron Hubbard|When a work of painting, music or other form attains two-way communication, it is truly art. One occasionally hears an artist being criticized on the basis that his work is too 'literal' or too 'common.' But one has rarely if ever heard any definition of 'literal' or 'common.' And there are many artists simply hung up on this, protesting it. Also, some avant-garde schools go completely over the cliff in avoiding anything 'literal' or 'common'—and indeed go completely out of communication! The return flow from the person viewing a work would be contribution. True art always elicits a contribution from those who view or hear or experience it. By contribution is meant 'adding to it.’ An illustration is 'literal' in that it tells everything there is to know. Let us say the illustration is a picture of a tiger approaching a chained girl. It does not really matter how well the painting is executed, it remains an illustration and it is literal. But now let us take a small portion out of the scene and enlarge it. Let us take, say, the head of the tiger with its baleful eye and snarl. Suddenly we no longer have an illustration. It is no longer 'literal.' And the reason lies in the fact that the viewer can fit this expression into his own concepts, ideas or experience: he can supply the why of the snarl, he can compare the head to someone he knows. In short, he can CONTRIBUTE to the head. The skill with which the head is executed determines the degree of response. Because the viewer can contribute to the picture, it is art. In music, the hearer can contribute his own emotion or motion. And even if the music is only a single drum, if it elicits a contribution of emotion or motion, it is truly art.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Ever been in a spelling bee as a kid? That snowy second after the announcement of the word as you sift your brain to see if you can spell it? It was like that, the blank panic.
Thomas Cole|Tim stared at the steel rod in the gloved hand. "Is that a magic wand?"The Covenant Man appeared to consider. "I suppose so. Although it started life as the gearshift of a Dodge Dart, America's economy car, young Tim.""What's America?""A kingdom filled with toy-loving idiots. It has no part in our palaver.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|I see that you are heartlessly clever.For you know how to Love,but not Forever. You still return to me in flashes,so strong it clouds my Mind.The fire has turned to ashes,and yet, you’re not behind.
C.G. Jung, The Archetypes and the Collective Unconscious|Whereas the Agricultural Revolution gave rise to theist religions, the Scientific Revolution gave birth to humanist religions, in which humans replaced gods.
Carrie Latet|In most cases, one can learn at least as much about the writer and the culture of his era from such descriptions as one can about the animals. Literature about animals is relatively less self-conscious, and, for that reason, more revealing than writing directly about human beings. We are less defensive, so egotism and paranoia, while present often enough, are less elaborately concealed. Animals always figure very prominently in the symbols that express human identity, from heraldic crests to the names of sports teams.
Wilkie Collins|Among the hundred thousand mysterious influences which a man exercises over a woman who loves him, I doubt if there is any more irresistible to her than the influence of his voice. I am not one of those women who shed tears on the smallest provocation: it is not in my temperament, I suppose. But when I heard that little natural change in his tone my mind went back (I can't say why) to the happy day when I first owned that I loved him. I burst out crying.
Gary   Hopkins|A compulsive external search only leads us to the interpretation of another’s path. True identity and sustained harmony can only be achieved by turning inward, and it is there that you will find every answer that you need to step into enlightenment
Chen Shui-bian|But when you are embodied in a location, in a physical plant, in a set of people, and in a common history, that constrains your evolution and your ability to evolve in certain directions.
Julianna Margulies|I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself.
Emily Levine|When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion; but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism!
Viggo Mortensen|If we are going to realise our ambition of ending the harmful practices of FGM and forced marriage, the role of young people in pushing for change is crucial. We also need to ensure that everyone, from government to civil society, is playing their part.
Jeremy Corbyn|I have learned so much from India: for instance, the use of aloe vera, which I use, and I find it sad when I see certain arts of oiling slowly fading away.
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Small Portion: a little taste of poetry|Push off, and sitting well in order smite the sounding furrows
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Eating connects us to our histories as much as it connects our souls to our bodies, our bodies to the earth.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|That sometimes human beings have to just sit in one place and, like, hurt. That you will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do. That there is such a thing as raw, unalloyed, agendaless kindness. That it is possible to fall asleep during an anxiety attack. That concentrating on anything is very hard work.
Gillibran Brown, Fun With Dick and Shane|When I was done raking and bagging, I banged on the door and demanded entry /...let me in by the hair on your chinny, chin-chin/ (a fairytale moment there) Dick opened it and in his posthest voice, said that before he could possibly consider letting me re-cross the threshold he needed to ask me whether I was a good f*cking fairy or a bad f*cking fairy? Grinning, I told him that I was very wicked fairy and if he had a wand about his person that I could have lend of, I would prove it. He said that was the right answer and promptly yanked me inside where he located and presented me with his wand, breathily ordering the sorcerer's apprentice to perform magic with it. Judging by the look on his face afterwards, I knew I'd impressed him with my oral sorcery and I was more than happy with the short-lifting sorcery Shane performed on me as the same time.
Craig Raine|No one is exempt and everyone's pain has a different smell. At night, when all the colours die,they hide in pairsand read about themselves—in colour, with their eyelids shut.
David C. Alves, We're the sons of God. . .So What?: Believe God About Who You Really Are!|And then he was gone. Leaving nothing but the swish of the front door, and a mountain of possibilities in his wake.
Kiersten White|Any other iron on you?” he asked impatiently.“Just my tongue stud.”His look was a mixture of curiosity and horror.“I’m kidding, you idiot. Let’s go.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Learn how they failed and succeeded, then fail on and succeed
Neil Gaiman|You get work however you get work, but people keep working in a freelance world (and more and more of todays world is freelance), because their work is good, because they are easy to get along with and because they deliver the work on time. And you don’t even need all three! Two out of three is fine. People will tolerate how unpleasant you are if your work is good and you deliver it on time. People will forgive the lateness of your work if it is good and they like you. And you don’t have to be as good as everyone else if you’re on time and it’s always a pleasure to hear from you.
William Zinsser|Not everybody has a talent for painting, or for the piano, or for dance. But we can write our way into the artist's head and into his problems and solutions. Or we can go there with another writer.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you look closely to the path you have travel on, you will realise that God was always with you, directing every step you took.
David    Allen, Ready for Anything: 52 Productivity Principles for Getting Things Done|If we attend continually and promptly to the little that we can do, we shall ere long be surprised to find how little remains that we cannot do.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Write it as you see in your own perspective, you may be right or wrong but then what, that's how you see it
Kimberly Stuart, Better Together|...this place, this life, the one we were building together, even with all its cracks and bumps and imperfections, this life was the one I needed, the one I wanted, and that best of all, it was home.
Mac Canoza|WHEN SIN HINDERS YOUR WORSHIP.God will never delay His promise.You have delayed Him."..However, when the Son of Man comes, will He find faith on the earth?" Luke 18:8b
|Misery will never be your destiny. Your mind deserves joy in abundance, but it's your responsibility to constantly feed the right words and beliefs to it.
Linda Ronstadt|I always ask the question  "Is this what I want in my life?"
Alden Bell, The Reapers are the Angels|It isn't often that Aunt Dahlia lets her angry passions rise, but when she does, strong men climb trees and pull them up after them.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|The moment people come to know love, they run the risk of carrying hate.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Often it takes that “knife in our heart” to drive us to Him. Our faith, our very lives, depend on God, and when we enter the valley of grief, we need His help or we will never climb another mountain.
Eka Kurniawan, Beauty Is a Wound|It's not man's job to think about whether God exists or not, especially when you know that right in front of your eyes one person is stepping on another's neck.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we don’t know who we are, we’ll never know how we ought to live.
Daniel Waters, Generation Dead|Yep those are goosebumps. Or a bad case of arm acne. Or as I call it, armcne.
Cecil Day-Lewis|A way of using words to say things which could not possibly be said in any other way, things which in a sense do not exist till they are born … in poetry.
Roger Altman|On the other hand, the waging of peace as a science, as an art, is in its infancy. But we can trace its growth, its steady progress, and the time will come when there will be particular individuals designated to assume responsibility for and leadership of this movement.
M.F. Moonzajer|He’d only ever seen her twice, only talked to her once, but as he now gazed upon her, he realized that he’d missed her all day long.
Alan Marshall|If a bloke gave you a hundred quid for a book you can bet your life it’s his way, but if all the poor and suffering people raise their hats to you for writing it - that’s different; it makes it worthwhile then.
Adam Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|Reasoning does create a paradox: it leads both to more rule following and more rebelliousness. By explaining moral principles, parents encourage their children to comply voluntarily with rules that align with important values and to question rules that don’t. Good explanations enable children to develop a code of ethics that often coincides with societal expectations; when they don’t square up, children rely on the internal compass of values rather than the external compass of rules.
Ramana Pemmaraju|When psychologically unfit form the majority in any sect, and yet proclaim to be the only fittest, will not only be a threat to the existence of the sane minority, but are surely catastrophic for the human race as a whole!
Tatiana de Rosnay, Sarah's Key|She begins, “What is the question we spend our entire lives asking?” and answers, “Our question is this: Are we loved? I don’t mean by one another.” She closes her sermon to the snakes with these words: “I am like you, curious and small. Like you, I pause alertly and open my senses to try to read the air, the clouds, the sun’s slant, the little movements of the animals, all in the hope I will learn the secret of whether I am loved.
Steven Sherrill, The Minotaur Takes a Cigarette Break|Anytime one tries to take fragments of one's personal mythology and make them understandable to the whole world, one reaches back to the past. It must be dreamed again.
Dwayne Johnson|Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|The effect on Lucy was not bad, for the faint seemed to merge subtly into the narcotic sleep. It was with a feeling of personal pride that I could see a faint tinge of colour steal back into the pallid cheeks and lips. No man knows, till he experiences it, what it is to feel his own lifeblood drawn away into the veins of the woman he loves.The Professor watched me critically. "That will do," he said. "Already?" I remonstrated. "You took a great deal more from Art." To which he smiled a sad sort of smile as he replied, "He is her lover, her fiance. You have work, much work to do for her and for others, and the present will suffice.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He was in hell. Worse than that, he was in hell, and someone had set it on repeat.
Ron Brackin|I have little patience with scientists who take a board of wood, look for its thinnest part, and drill a great number of holes where drilling is easy.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|[H]e could see the island of Manhattan off to the left. The towers were jammed together so tightly, he could feel the mass and stupendous weight.Just think of the millions, from all over the globe, who yearned to be on that island, in those towers, in those narrow streets! There it was, the Rome, the Paris, the London of the twentieth century, the city of ambition, the dense magnetic rock, the irresistible destination of all those who insist on being where things are happening-and he was among the victors!
Emery Lee, Fortune's Son|Just say, dakhilak.”Without hesitation, “Dakhilak.”He nodded. Her accent was getting no better. “Now, you can never take it back.”“Well, what does it mean? Thank you?”She should have asked sooner. He didn’t turn to meet the gaze he felt on him, his voice full of sand, his stomach sick. “It gives me charge of your life.
David  Bowles, The Deepest Green|Maybe I'm deceiving myself. Perhaps I don't know him as well as I'd like to imagine. What does a person so willing to utterly remake himself hold inside his heart? Can I trust such a man? What motivates him?In an instant she knew, and she felt a bit of relief.Love. Love was what drove him.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Actual life was chaos, but there was something terribly logical in the imagination. It was the imagination that set remorse to dog the feet of sin. It was the imagination that made each crime bear its misshapen brood. In the common world of fact the wicked were not punished, nor the good rewarded. Success was given to the strong, failure thrust upon the weak. That was all.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|Poverty entails fear, and stress, and sometimes depression; it means a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts, that is indeed something on which to pride yourself, but poverty itself is romanticised only by fools.
Matthew Screech|Cultures produce myths because they satisfy a deep-rooted human need: the need to make sense of life. Myths are appealing because they reduce the complexity of experience, by making things seem simple and absolute; myths define popular realities which are accepted readily, even uncritically.
William L. Randall, Reading Our Lives: The Poetics of Growing Old|Mother is fading for him, her face receding into shadows, her memory diminishing with each passing day, leaking like sand from a fist.
Lupe Fiasco|Plenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn't stop to enjoy it.
Fredric Jameson|With us air people, the future of our nation is indissolubly bound up in the development of air power.
George Santayana|No matter how dull, or how mean, or how wise a man is, he feels that happiness is his indisputable right.
Robin Jones Gunn, As You Wish|Do you think it's possible to finally decide that you really, truly love someone but not end up marrying him?
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|And your own heart generates enough pressure as it pumps blood throughout your body that it could squirt blood up to 30 feet. (I’ve never tried this, and I don’t recommend it.)
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|Yesterday's shortcuts are today's nightmares. The race is quicker when we're stricter. Keep your eyes on today, and declare what you may.
Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates|You said i could call you when i wanted but that you wouldn’t call me. you have to decide where and when, you said. if you leave it up to me i’ll want to see you every day. At least you were honest, which is more than i can say for me.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I did not know what to say to him. I felt awkward and blundering. I did not know how I could reach him, where I could overtake him and go on hand in hand with him once more.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The older you get, the more you understand how your conscience works. The biggest and only critic lives in your perception of people's perception of you rather than people's perception of you.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|What if there's no town for fifty kilometers?" Said Enoch."The we'll walk for fifty-one kilometers. But I know we weren't blown that far off course.
Bruce Forsyth|Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.
Dominic Chianese|A wonderful emotion to get things moving when one is stuck is anger. It was anger more than anything else that had set me off, roused me into productivity and creativity.
Maurice Strong|Let the workers organize. Let the toilers assemble. Let their crystallized voice proclaim their injustices and demand their privileges. Let all thoughtful citizens sustain them, for the future of Labor is the future of America.
Ronald Reagan|Our bodies are shaped to bear children, and our lives are a working out of the processes of creation. All our ambitions and intelligence are beside that great elemental point.
Ellen Hopkins, Impulse|Sometimes,you don't wake up.But if you happento, you know thingswill never bethe same.
Lee Iacocca|I quite enjoy cooking. I love cooking for my friends. It's communal, it reminds me of being with family, and it's also a form of therapy; it heals you from the inside out.
Malcolm Gladwell, The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference|My dear, I used to think I was serving humanity . . . and I pleasured in the thought. Then I discovered that humanity does not want to be served; on the contrary it resents any attempt to serve it. So now I do what pleases myself.
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|The problem isn't that I'm uncomfortable with it, the problem is that I want it!" I yelled. It was official; I'd lost it. Oh well, I wasn't known for having a long fuse. "Are you happy? Jesus. You say something like that and then expect me to just be whatever about it. That's like teasing someone with a giant red velvet cake and then putting it in one of those glass rotating desert thingies." I wasn't my most eloquent at the moment."Does this mean I'm the cake?""Shut up, it was a metaphor.""So you want me?"So much it hurt. "Yes," I whispered. "Right now?""Yes.""Oh." Now he was the one who sounded nervous. "It's just... a surprise.""I told you I would entertain the idea.""I know. I just didn't think you'd be so enthusiastic so soon.""Hunter, I'm a virgin. Not a nun."He didn't talk for a moment."That was the sexiest thing you've ever said. God, why do you do this to me?
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|From my experience with God, and what I read from his Holy Book. I sometimes think that he is more interested in our discomfort than in our comfort.
Austin Nichols|For me, love is not about froufrou New Age-ism. It's about a way of living and honoring the interconnectedness of life and accepting our responsibility and our power to change the world for the better.
Benjamin James Sadock, Kaplan & Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry: Behavioral Sciences/Clinical Psychiatry|The issues of antidepressant-associated suicide has become front-page news, the result of an analysis suggesting a link between medication use and suicidal ideation among children, adolescents, a link between medication use and suicidal ideation among children, adolescents, and adults up to age 24 in short term (4 to 16 weeks), placebo-controlled trials of nine newer antidepressant drugs. The data from trials involving more than 4.4(K) patients suggested that the average risk of suicidal thinking or behavior (suicidality) during the first few months of treatment in those receiving antidepressants was 4 percent, twice the placebo risk of 2 percent. No suicides occured in these trials. The analysis also showed no increase in suicide risk among the 25 to 65 age group. Antidepressants reduced suicidality among those over age 65. Following public hearings on the subject, in October 2004, the FDA requested the addition of “black box” warnings—the most serious warning placed on the labeling of a prescription medication—to all antidepressant drugs, old and new.
Tom Peters|Some years I'm the coolest thing that ever happened, and then the next year everyone's so over me, and I'm just so past my sell date.
Luis Carlos Montalván, Until Tuesday: A Wounded Warrior and the Golden Retriever Who Saved Him|If i can't be your true love, i want to be your worst nightmare.
David G. McAfee|For those who want to pray for me to "find God," please don't waste your prayers. If you really think God is listening to you, then please use those precious moments to ask God to care for the sick and dying, and leave me out of it. I'm happy without my faith and with living my life in the here and now. Besides, thousands before you have prayed for me to find God and it hasn't worked yet. Why would God value your request over theirs?
Sara Donati, The Gilded Hour|No one ever does anything our of charity," Anna went on. "Every choice we make benefits ourselves directly or indirectly. Even if it looks like a sacrifice, the alternative would be unbearable in some way. If I hadn't helped I wouldn't sleep well , and I need my sleep.
Frank McCourt|When you spend such a large portion of your life working - and it's not fun, and you're worried about getting sued or fired for saying the wrong thing or for acting crazy at a work party - then what has work done to America? That's the impetus to have a huge office Christmas party.
Wynter Wilkins, Strigoi|God's ultimate purpose for creating you is not for you to go to heaven. If the purpose for your creation was just for you to go to heaven, you will die immediately you got born-again. God's ultimate purpose for creating you is for you to influence and impact generations positively to the glory of His name.
Heenashree Khandelwal|You better not be touched by love; you are living peacefully. But if you do, you better not be left by it. Because the wounded in love is only shreds of heart scattered. Even if you manage to regain it, you will never be that peaceful person again. Such is the curse of love.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|And do you admit that you have a bad temper, a cute car, and a nice girlfriend?”I hold my breath.“I have an amazing girlfriend,” he says. And then he kisses me, which is, you have to admit, the perfect boyfriend thing to do. The kiss is soft and speckling like star promises in a night sky. I stretch into it, wishing that I could hold onto it forever, even though I know that kisses can’t last forever—can they?
Isobelle Carmody, Greylands|We watched each other in the candlelight and suave music, and because laughter was the only weapon we had, we laughed until the chill of his story faded, and was gone.
Henry Fielding|You will never "find" time for anything. If you want time you must make it.
Petra Hermans|Papilio stomachus: fragile creatures, vulnerable to forst and betrayal.
C. Shultz|Depression is a prison. For some it is easy and short, for others it is difficult and long. For some the days go by easier than most and for others the days are eternity. But it is your choice to try and escape.
Saint Ambrose|The good in this world far outweighs the evil. Our common humanity transcends our differences, and our most effective response to terror is compassion, it's unity, and it's love.
Elizabeth Foss, Real Learning: Education In The Heart Of The Home|When I look at a child, I see a living, breathing person, made in God's image, for whom God has a plan. As parent educators, we need to embrace a new notion of learning...we need to engage the hearten order to effectively educate the child. Our vision of a well-educated child is a child who has a heart for learning, a child who has the tools he needs to continue to learn for a lifetime and a child who has the love to want to do it.
Eckhart Tolle|Sir Arthur grimaced. He hated violence - perhaps his father ingrained that into him. But he still fought, for principle and for father's legacy. Now that legacy meant the protection of defenseless women. There were a few Persians in the way to execute that duty. He stabbed his blade into a Tatar's chest. Another one.
Edward Young|I wanted to reimagine the role, in a way that was respectful of its traditional responsibilities but made them part of a wider pattern of poetry about national incidents, events, preoccupations; and to spend a great deal of time going to schools trying to demystify poetry.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Life is only precious because it ends, kid. Take it from a god. You mortals don't know how lucky you are
Francis William Aston|A sound Physics of the Earth should include all the primary considerations of the earth's atmosphere, of the characteristics and continual changes of the earth's external crust, and finally of the origin and development of living organisms. These considerations naturally divide the physics of the earth into three essential parts, the first being a theory of the atmosphere, or Meteorology, the second, a theory of the earth's external crust, or Hydrogeology, and the third, a theory of living organisms, or Biology.
Sharon Shinn|We need to pay attention with a particular attitude: one of openness, curiosity, and receptiveness.
Emma Mills, First & Then|The all-encompassing cure for cancer, heartbreak, irrationality, drug addiction, and every other ailment that plagues humanity?Fire.
Baris Gencel|Without feeling so close, so connected, so comfortable to a person for what I have sex.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|I stared at the enormous homes, the landscaping and flower beds immaculate. It was as if dollar bills, instead of leaves, hung from the trees.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Bad people take minimal time to coincide their objectives, but good people take for ever to put faith in each others intents.
Drew Brees, Coming Back Stronger: Unleashing the Hidden Power of Adversity|Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.[misquote of a letter about wine, see quotes/831031]
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|When someone is delusional, he or she can do anything to justify his or her beliefs.
|Just because everyone around you is playing small, doesn't mean that you aren't entitled to dreaming big.
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|... researchers argue that it's of utmost importance to unravel the nature of black holes, lest we someday begin to worship them. Sounds ridiculous, but whole segments of humankind have often revered the unknowable, venerating that which cannot be tested experimentally. Come to think of it, many still do in twenty-first-century society.
John Clare, Poems Chiefly from Manuscript|Hill tops like hot iron glitter bright in the sun, And the rivers we're eying burn to gold as they run; Burning hot is the ground, liquid gold is the air; Whoever looks round sees Eternity there.
Zadie Smith|Unless we learn how to humbly tell each other our giving stories, our churches will not learn to give.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Barrayar|A man with no children can easily be lulled into a sense that time is standing still. It's not. It's marching past us, relentlessly. Having a child growing and changing before your eyes makes this unavoidably clear.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|In any great organization it is far, far safer to be wrong with the majority than to be right alone.
Huston Smith, Beyond the Post-Modern Mind: The Place of Meaning in a Global Civilization|The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.
Christine Warren, Stone Cold Lover|My name is Spar. I am neither called Rocky nor made of rock. I am a Guardian, one of those warriors who were summoned to battle against the Seven demons of the Darkness and to prevent their possible return to this human plane of existence. I consider the others of my kind to be my brothers.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|It is a solemn thing, and no small scandal in the Kingdom, to see God's children starving while actually seated at the Father's table.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|He was not in the house. He did not come back that night. Days went by, and at last she understood that he would not return at all.
Shinobu Ohtaka|I've learned that from a war ignited by revenge, nothing can be born, but sorrow. - Aladdin
Jeffrey Gitomer|Grades don't measure tenacity, courage, leadership, guts or whatever you want to call it. Teachers or any other persons in a position of authority should never tell anybody they will not succeed because they did not get all A's in school.
Garth Nix, To Hold the Bridge|Oh, would you look at this, now,” she said, pointing at a hole in her sage-green velvet couch. Never mind the brain and hair on it, she could clean those off with a stiff brush. And never mind the point-blank gunshot to the face she’d absorbed. It was the bullet hole in her couch that pissed her off.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Dostoevsky: Letters And Reminiscences|My father has the proper degrees and framed pictures on the walls, though they're mostly taped over with photos of children, family and friends. Images from the past and present and trips and experiences combined with files on the floor – it's a happening or collage in progress.
Gore Vidal|I wanted to be a politician and a movie star. But I was born a writer. If you're born that, you can't change it. You're going to do it whether you want to or not.
Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi|If you want to really know something you have to observe or experience it in person; if you claim to know something on the basis of hearsay, or on happening to see it in a book, you'll be a laughingstock to those who really know.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|Without a sense of urgency , people ... won't make needed sacrafices. Instead they cling to the status quo and resist.' - Quoting John Kotter
Joel Osteen, Break Out!: 5 Keys to Go Beyond Your Barriers and Live an Extraordinary Life|Because you have honored God, He will put you in a position you never could have attained on your own. It’s not just your education, not just your talent, or the family you come from. It’s the hand of God shifting you to a new level of your destiny.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|I've been through a lot, but I stayed true to who I am.
Deborah Tannen|If you don't know each other you spend time doing research together, having dinner, and talking about your lives. You try to find common ground. Once you're shooting, the pressures are so intense; you really want to have a channel of communication open to you already.
Stephen Colbert|Librarians hoard the wisdom of humanity. They are the keepers of all knowledge, the guardians at the temples of understanding and devoted protectors of the sanctuary in the midst of uneducated anarchy.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A woman that is patient has the ability to endure provocation, pain, annoyance etc, with much calm and strength.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|The sooner you master your mind, the sooner you master yourself.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Sertorius rose up and spoke to his army, “You see, fellow soldiers, that perseverance is more prevailing than violence, and that many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little. Assiduity and persistence are irresistible, and in time overthrow and destroy the greatest powers whatever. Time being the favorable friend and assistant of those who use their judgment to await his occasions, and the destructive enemy of those who are unseasonably urging and pressing forward.
Kate  Benson, The Promise|Book and reader, if they meet up at the right moment, it can make sparks fly, set you alight, change your life. It can, I promise you.
Julian Short, A Model for Living|Feelings can have a life of their own and you have very little direct control over them, except perhaps to make them worse.
Terry Goodkind, The Pillars of Creation|When the whole world is crazy, it doesn't pay to be sane.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Builder pattern is more verbose than the telescoping constructor pattern, so it should be used only if there are enough parameters, say, four or more.
Pook, The Book of Pook|You are caught in the vicious cycle. You are hesitant because you are not used for things going your way. And things will never go your way because you remain hesitant. You see what you want, become hesitant, and the door of opportunity closes. It happens again. And again. And again. With each choice towards Inaction, you reject yourself a little bit more.
Lil Wayne|Sports is like rock 'n' roll. Both are dominant cultural forces, both speak an international language, and both are all about emotions.
Brian K. Vaughan|I'm here because I was born here and thus ruined for anywhere else, but I don't know about you.
Slavoj Žižek, Less Than Nothing: Hegel and the Shadow of Dialectical Materialism|Beyond the fiction of reality, there is the reality of the fiction.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, it wasn't stuck in my mind. Maybe,just maybe, it was stuck in my heart for so long that it grew wings and wanted to fly, but didn't know how.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The most successful are not the most perfect, but the imperfect who dare to believe that they can despite the damning verdict.
Kylie Scott, Twist|The big-ass hole, all of the wreckage and mess. I'd done that. Me,
David Foster Wallace|The parts of me that used to think I was different or smarter or whatever, almost made me die.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|When Manya read, there was no waking her from her absorption; she heard nothing. A whole household might plan to tease and make a noise like all the zoos let loose with tin cans to play with and yet Manya wouldn't hear till her book was done. That was concentration and it was a joyful gift to have seized from the lucky-bag of life.
Paul Wellstone|The task of the mediator is to help the parties to open difficult issues and nudge them forward in the peace process. The mediator's role combines those of a ship's pilot, consulting medical doctor, midwife and teacher.
Gary   Hopkins|We create the world around us based on our thoughts, feelings, beliefs and emotions. Evil, dark forces, dark energy etc. are forms of the “negative” and are all a projections of the self. There is no separation. Once one realizes this, these energies start to fade and eventually disappear. What’s left is wholeness, contentment, self-realization, gratitude and a perpetual state of well-being. There is a popular saying amongst the healing community “where the mind goes, energy flows”. Use this mantra to your benefit. Lose the “non-sense” of all despair and anguish and catapult your self to a higher place that is incapable of entertaining the “negative” or “destructive”. Achieving this (even in increments) will only transform you to into a better positive place
Ajay Antony|When She Needs a Reminder of Your Birthdate, Make Sure Not to Remind Her That She was Once a part Of Your Life
Johan Coetzer|Cash is king. No matter how many good opportunities come your way, do not invest all your cash. If you run out of reserves, the smallest or foolish of things may bring you down. Companies with millions in assets have gone bankrupt because they cannot make a $25,000 payment.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|He also had deep brown eyes, light brown skin and an infectious grin, even in the middle of a grueling SWAT workout. In short, exactly her type. If only he wasn't a teammate, making him off-limits. And if only she didn't have baggage from her past that weighed more than he did.
Ajit Panicker|It's God's world. He washes you clean. He makes you whole. He puts rain in your garden and sunshine in your heart. "Clarence
Dave Gahan|My philosophy in life is, Decide what you want to do. You have to have something to hope for.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Harder The will of God, Greater The blessing will be.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|As always, one of her books was next to her.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|If last night proved anything, it's that life is a strong drink served up in an extremely short - and fragile - shot glass.
Ivor Novello|With a painter or a sculptor, one cannot begin to alter his works, but an architect has to put up with anything, because he makes utility objects - the building is there to be used, and times change.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You are the steer of your God given dreams. By the authority from the Holy Spirit of God, you will able to bend a curve where the road has a bend; you will be able to reverse your movement when the need be.
Mary Kate|One of the most amazing things that we often forget is this: God never forgets us! Face it; you could hide under a rock, BUT, God will still be beside you saying, "Rock bottom, already?
Sunday Adelaja|Primitive veddhas moulded images of women with full-blown breasts and legs. This was not to evoke sensuous pleasure, but as symbolic images related to their faith in religious fertility rites with the aim of increasing their return from harvesting and hunting. The modern artist magnifies the breasts of the woman in a painting in order to derive and to evoke erotic pleasure. That is how vulgarity enters their art.
Winfield Scott Hancock|Working together during the past three years, we have confounded the skeptics and the cynics. We've shown that here in Virginia, Democrats and Republicans can come together, put politics aside, and make tough decisions when times demand it.
Daphne Gottlieb, Why Things Burn|All the black leathershe needsis the E-Z boy reclinerwhere her love is parkedwith one of his hands wrapped around a remote,the other, a bottle of beer.She's right. It's kinky.The way he doesn't look awayfrom the TV,as her head bobsin his laplike a fisherman's floaton a nature program,hecticwith the pacehis breath sets.His crotch swellsunder her mouth'sprowess. He's sucha sweethearthe waitsuntil thecommercialsto come.
Charles R. Swindoll|The abundance Jesus offers is a spiritual abundance that transcends circumstances, like income, health, living conditions, and even death. The abundant life is eternal.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Sometimes the best answer to a question is another question. Is it not by asking questions that we stimulate each other to reach more deeply into our own source and, thereby, approach the Source, both together and in our different ways? (7)
DeMar DeRozan|I play guys who never smile, and I never stop smiling.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|When the qualities that now confer leadership have become universal, there will no longer be leaders and followers, and democracy will have been realized at last.
Gift Gugu Mona|The weakness of one man is the strength of another, hence we all are different for a reason.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|In many ways an artist is his work. It's difficult to separate the two. I think I can be brutally objective about my work as I create it, and if something doesn't work, I can feel it, but when I turn in a finished album — or song — you can be sure that I've given it every ounce of energy and God-given talent that I have.
Carol Burnett|I considered not getting up, but recognized the pain of staying down was worse than the pain of attempting to stand.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|The core of any family is what is changeless, what is going to be there──shared vision and values.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|Then there was the war, and I married it because there was nothing else when I reached the age of falling in love.
John Green, Zombicorns|Everything good or bad in my life had started and ended within the limits of that town. It was over now, though, and a new chapter was beginning. Nothing would ever be the same as it had been before. I just hoped this chapter wouldn't be the final one in the book.
Lionel Suggs|It is the same in life; the heart changes, and that is our worst misfortune; but we learn of it only from reading or by imagination; for in reality its alteration, like that of certain natural phenomena, is so gradual that, even if we are able to distinguish, successively, each of its different states, we are still spared the actual sensation of change.Lygiai taip gyvenime keičiasi ir mūsų širdis, ir tai skaudžiausia; tačiau patiriame tą skausmą tik skaitydami knygas, vaizduotėje; tikrovėje jos keitimasis, kaip ir kai kurių gamtos reiškinių vyksmas yra toks lėtas, kad nors ir galime konstatuoti kiekvieną atskirą būseną, paties keitimosi pajusti nepajėgiame.
Wisława Szymborska|If not his life, Rustom Iraqiwalla wanted his death to be worth something.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Do not focus your gaze on things that are wrong, for what you see, slowly begins to penetrate you. You are addicted to fixing your eyes on the wrong; you pay attention only to what is wrong inside you. The angry man concentrates on his anger, and how to get rid of it. Though he wants to get rid of the anger, he is actually concentrating on that white line of anger within him; the more he concentrates the more he is hypnotized by it.Don’t worry! Everybody is! Don’t focus your eyes on the anger, but concentrate on compassion. Concentrate on what is right. As the right gets more and more energy, the strength of the wrong gets weaker and weaker. Ultimately it will disappear. This happens because energy is one; you cannot use it in two ways. If you have utilized your energy in becoming peaceful, you would have no energy for restlessness. All your energy has moved towards peace, and if you have had a taste of peace and serenity, why bother to become restless? You can maintain your restlessness only if you have never known the flavour of serenity. You can dive into the pleasures of the world only if you have not tasted the divine.
John Fowles|You might not write well every day, but you can always edit a bad page. You can't edit a blank page.
Jonathan Price, Put That in Writing|I have an impulse to write all over the orange walls- I need an alphabet of endings ripped out of books, of hands pulled off of clocks, of cold stones, of shoes filled with nothing but wind.
Annie F. Downs|Whether you are trying to finish a race or a book or that hard conversation you've been avoiding, the training leading up to that event is what makes it possible to face the fear & walk forward anyway. Quit complaining about discipline & start seeing it as a powerful tool for courageous living.
Pat Benatar, Between a Heart and a Rock Place: A Memoir|I've enjoyed every age I've been, and each has had its own individual merit. Every laugh line, every scar, is a badge I wear to show I've been present, the inner rings of my personal tree trunk that I display proudly for all to see. Nowadays, I don't want a "perfect" face and body; I want to wear the life I've lived.
Thomas Jefferson|And this wasn’t lying, not really. It was leaving out.
Brandi L. Bates, Soledad|Give me Pablo Neruda, picnic beneath a full moon & iridescent stars, black olives, cherries, dark things, canoe on a river...that's romance.
|As long as you are still breathing and in your right senses, possibilities and opportunities in life would remain endless. Be thankful for the blessings of today, but never settle for any level of success. There is always more room for growth.
Marianne|In a little while they were kissing. In a little while longer, they made their slow sweet love.The iron bed sounded like a pine forest in an ice storm, like a switch track in a Memphis trainyard, like the sweet electrical thunder of habitual love and the tragical history of the constant heart. Auntee finished first, and then Uncle soon after, and their lips were touching lightly as they did.The rain was still falling and the scritch owl was still asleep and the dragonflies were hidden like jewels somewhere in deep brown wet grasses, nobody knew where.Uncle rolled away from his wife and held onto her hand, never let it go, old friend, old partner, passionate wife.
Amadeo Bordiga|Exchange, fair or unfair,always presupposes and includes the rule of the bourgeoisie.
Poppet, Ryan|Rubbing absently at my temple, I do declare this woman leaves me flabbergasted and tongue tied.
Jonathan Maas, City of Gods II: Horsemen|To lead by force all you need is a greater army, but to lead by example, to be a city on a hill, you need an uncompromising respect for basic dignity. And you don't gain either of those things by breeding monsters in dungeons.
Victoria Alexander, Seduction of a Proper Gentleman|My father once told me love is magic, sir.
Antal Szerb, The Pendragon Legend|Tell me,' he asked, with some embarassment, as we strolled along: 'you're a bloody German, aren't you?''Oh, no. I'm Hungarian.''Hungarian?''Hungarian.''What's that? Is that a country? Or you are just having me on?'Not at all. On my word of honour, it is a country.''And where do you Hungarians live?''In Hungary. Between Austria, Romania, Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia'.'Come off it. Those places were made up by Shakespeare.
Carl Sagan, Mars and the mind of man|Those who find it hypocritical of others to use, say, a smartphone, to speak ill of capitalism, needs to be reminded that capitalism is an ideology, not a technology.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|Rhythm. Life is full of it; words should have it, too. But you have to train your ear. Listen to the waves on a quiet night; you’ll pick up the cadence. Look at the patterns the wind makes in dry sand and you’ll see how syllables in a sentence should fall. Arthur Gordon
Frank Iero|Most fear stems from sin; to limit one's sins, one must assuredly limit one's fear, thereby bringing more peace to one's spirit.
Jean-Paul Sartre, We Have Only This Life to Live|It's like practicing pole vaulting your entire life, and then getting to the olympics and saying, ‘what the hell did I want to jump over this stupid bar for?
Mindy Cohn|The biggest thing, I think, is to stay healthy and make the fewest mistakes, and then you can win... The margin of error is so small in the NFL, so if you can do those two things - keep your team healthy and make the fewest mistakes each Sunday - you have a good chance of going to the Super Bowl.
Marcus Garvey|Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
Ufuoma Apoki|O vitae Philosophia dux! O virtutum indagatrix expultrixque vitiorum! Unus dies, bene et ex praeceptis tuis actus, peccanti immortalitati est anteponendus.translation (non-literal):O philosophy, life’s guide! O searcher of virtues and expeller of vices! Just a single day lived well and according to your lessons is to be preferred to an eternity of errors.— Cicero, As quoted in Ben Franklin’s Autobiography
John Capecci and Timothy Cage, Living Proof: Telling Your Story to Make a Difference|Marain, the Culture’s quintessentially wonderful language (so the Culture will tell you), has, as any schoolkid knows, one personal pronoun to cover females, males, in-betweens, neuters, children, drones, Minds, other sentient machines, and every life-form capable of scraping together anything remotely resembling a nervous system and the rudiments of language (or a good excuse for not having either). Naturally, there are ways of specifying a person’s sex in Marain, but they’re not used in everyday conversation
Emmanuel Katongole, Mirror to the Church: Resurrecting Faith After Genocide in Rwanda|The church's primary purpose is not to make America more Christian, but to make American Christians less American and Rwandan Christians less Rwandan. We are no longer Rwandans or Americans, neither Hutu nor Tutsi. If we are in Christ, we have become part of a new creation.
Richard Payment, For Want of Wonders|When grace has won the day, the worldling seeks the world to come.
Walter Mosley, Devil in a Blue Dress|This compassion, or sympathy with the pains of others, ought also to extend to the brute creation, as far as our necessities will admit; for we cannot exist long without the destruction of other animal or vegetable beings either in their mature or embryon state. Such is the condition of mortality, that the first law of nature is 'eat, or be eaten.' Hence for the preservation of our existence we may be supposed to have a natural right to kill those brute creatures, which we want to eat, or which want to eat us; but to destroy even insects wantonly shows an unreflecting mind, or a depraved heart.
Gena Showalter, Heart of Darkness|To answer your question, you want me because I'm made of awesome.
Vincent O'Sullivan, The Next Room|Autists are the ultimate square pegs, and the problem with pounding a square peg into a round hole is not that the hammering is hard work. It's that you're destroying the peg.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As artists give themselves to their models, and poets to their classical pursuits, so must we addict ourselves to prayer.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|So you take her to the pictures,trying to become a fixture.Inch by inch trying to reach her,all the way through the second feature.Worrying about your physical fitness,tell me how you got this sickness?
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|In the six degrees of separation, not all degrees are equal.
P.G. Wodehouse|-'What do ties matter, Jeeves, at a time like this?'There is no time, sir, at which ties do not matter
Kate Lattey, Dream On|Real is...just being you. It's not letting yourself be defined by other people's opinions of you, of who they think you are, or what they expect you to be. It's refusing to let them squash you into the box they've built for you, and just being yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks. Because you're never going to matter to everyone, just like everyone's never going to matter to you. So you choose the people whose opinions you care about, and you be real for them.
Amit Kalantri|A world without braves is a world without heroes, but a world without wisdom is a world of animals.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I’m my biggest fan, the only person in the stadium is probably me.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Don’t read books!Don’t chant poems!When you read books your eyeballs wither awayleaving the bare sockets.When you chant poems your heart leaks out slowlywith each word.People say reading books is enjoyable.People say chanting poems is fun.But if your lips constantly make a soundlike an insect chirping in autumn,you will only turn into a haggard old man.And even if you don’t turn into a haggard old man,it’s annoying for others to have to hear you.It’s so much betterto close your eyes, sit in your study,lower the curtains, sweep the floor,burn incense.It’s beautiful to listen to the wind,listen to the rain,take a walk when you feel energetic,and when you’re tired go to sleep.
Alessandro Baricco, Ocean Sea|…how it would be nice if, for every sea waiting for us, there would be a river, for us. And someone -a father, a lover, someone- able to take us by the hand and find that river -imagine it, invent it- and put us on its stream, with the lightness of one only word, goodbye. This, really, would be wonderful. It would be sweet, life, every life. And things wouldn’t hurt, but they would get near taken by stream, one could first shave and then touch them and only finally be touched. Be wounded, also. Die because of them. Doesn’t matter. But everything would be, finally, human. It would be enough someone’s fancy -a father, a lover, someone- could invent a way, here in the middle of the silence, in this land which don’t wanna talk. Clement way, and beautiful.A way from here to the sea.
Christina Engela, Inanna Rising: Women Forged in Fire|What is a saint supposed to do, if not convert wolves?
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|I thought of Shelley in the hospital, how she said sometimes sadness only looked like anger and judgment. Maybe fear did too.
Jeb Bush|Against the wishes of my family, I gave up my legal career, and I volunteered for the Army. I became an infantryman. I went to Iraq and Afghanistan.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Make a u-turn, when you see you have traveled on the wrong path.
Stephanie Stamm, A Gift of Wings|Maybe I didn't march to the same drummer as most people, but I could do things on my own and do them well. That was what I'd learned, little by little, in the year I turned sixteen. I was complete by myself.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I’m kind of a contagion cryer. You know how when one person starts yawning, everyone else starts yawning too? Or when someone vomits, the smell makes you want to hurl? I’m like that, except with crying.
Evelyn Glennie|The network is opening up some amazing possibilities for us to reinvent content, reinvent collaboration.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My passionate adventure is to fulfill my calling; reverend, preacher woman.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|There's no way to tell what will make someone break down in tears. There are some who will cry at the merest melancholy word, and there are some who need the longest, cruelest speech to even dampen one eyelash. There are those who will cry at any sad song but no sad book, and there are those who are immune to the most saddening newspaper articles but will weep for days over a terrible meal. People cry at silence or at violence, in a graveyard or a schoolyard.
B. Dave Walters|...no matter how advanced the system, no matter how precise, unless we have the will to communicate, there's no connection. And even supposing the will is there, there are times like now when we don't know the other party's number. Or even if we know the number, we misdial.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Repeat to yourself every day and as often as you can: ‘O Lord, have mercy on all those who will appear before You today.’ For every hour, every second, thousands of men leave this world and their souls appear before the Lord, and no one knows how many of them leave this earth in isolation, sadness, and anguish, with no one to take pity on them or even care whether they live or die. And so your prayer for such a man will rise to the Lord from the other end of the earth, although he may never have heard of you or you of him. But his soul, as it stands trembling before the Lord, will be cheered and gladdened to learn that there is someone on earth who loves him. And the Lord’s mercy will be even greater to both of you, for, however great your pity for the man, God’s pity will be much greater, for He is infinitely more merciful and more loving than you are.
Dorothy Parker, Constant Reader|But I give you my word, in the entire book there is nothing that cannot be said aloud in mixed company. And there is, also, nothing that makes you a bit the wiser. I wonder--oh, what will you think of me--if those two statements do not verge upon the synonymous.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|A mask can hide you from others, but not from yourself.
Kathleen Norris, The Cloister Walk|Vengeance would have us assault an enemy's pride to beat him down. But vengeance hides a dangerous truth, for a humbled foe gains patience, courage, strength, and greater determination.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Psychology as a science has its limitations, and, as the logical consequence of theology is mysticism, so the ultimate consequence of psychology is love.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|He who writes books that aim to convince is a comedian, too, just a comedian. What has he got to offer others, apart from chains, still more chains? Fiction never liberated anyone. No one ever brought anything back from voyages through dream worlds.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|And all this while the subtle-souled girl asking herself why she was born, why sitting in a room, and blinking at the candle; why things around her had taken the shape they wore in preference to every other possible shape.
Ian  McClellan, Zombie Apocalypse 2012: A Political Horror Story|Fifteen years ago, this would have been insider trading, but that quaint concept had disappeared a decade or two ago when so many brokers were doing it that it was impossible to jail them all. Now it was called smart trading.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|And you never fall behind?”“Of course I do. But I always feel guilty when that happens. After all, my journal is the oldest and most loyal friend I have. And it never interrupts me when I’m speaking,” he added, with a boyish grin.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|I should have known that having "end of the world" sex wouldn't solve our problems. Though, it was pretty great and I highly recommend it.
Richard Finney, Black Mariah: "A Calling"|Spoon boy: Do not try and bend the spoon - that's impossible. Instead, only try to realize the truth.Neo: What truth?Spoon boy: There is no spoon.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|among roses, be a rose, among thorns, be a thorn
Billy Crystal|There was a time, in the not so distant past, that if you didn't have what you needed on Thanksgiving, you were pretty much going to have to wait until Friday. Not anymore!
Sunday Adelaja|For every day spent at a job, you empty your life
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|If you are close to a precipice, go away a bit; if you are far from it, come close a bit! Enjoy the safety, enjoy the view! Without safety, it is dangerous; without view, it is dull! Life is an art of adjusting the distances!
Russell M. Nelson|I understood it's a business as far as when you're drafting someone, and you want a guy you can trust. But there were no questions on my ability or character.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|I don't know why it should be, I am sure; but the sight of another man asleep in bed when I am up, maddens me.
Usain Bolt|Loyalty to the Nation all the time, loyalty to the Government when it deserves it.
Madeleine M. Kunin|By working to ensure we live in a society that prioritizes public safety, education, and innovation, entrepreneurship can thrive and create a better world for all of us to live in.
Ryū Murakami, In the Miso Soup|But why is it that if you imagine a baby who smells of milk, for example, you can't help smiling? Why is there such an agreement around the world about what is or isn't a foul smell? Who decided what smells bad? Is it impossible that somewhere in this world there are people who, if they sat next to a homeless fellow they'd get the urge to snuggle up to him, but if they sat next to a baby they'd get an urge to kill it?
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If a person is living out his Personal Legend, he knows everything he needs to know. There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Meditation is the energy of the mind,
Nick Macri|Successful people (or soon-to-be success people) never quit, never settle and are never satisfied
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|Women do have an affinity for evil, for believing that no woman is to be trusted, but that some men are too innocent to protect themselves.
Jack Layton|Even in a gleefully negative comic, there is optimism, although it's slightly hidden: It comes out through a comic character's sheer tenacity. He keeps going and trying to find some sort of fulfillment regardless of his perpetual failure record. That's a form of hope, a form of optimism. Really hokey I know, but it's true.
The Tru Sum, Excerpts To Exodus|To understand Jesus when he stated that he was the way, the truth and the life, one must first recognize his manner of a walk and believe firmly that his manner is true.
Sharon Olds|I was a late bloomer. But anyone who blooms at all, ever, is very lucky. 
Joyce Meyer|When you become a Christian, something truly amazing happens: God comes to live inside your heart. You become the home of God.
Daniel Waterman|I laughed it off but I close the bedroom door and I lose it and I stick it all down here and this is where it all stays. And this is where it has to stay because I am not ending up in the nutter ward again with brown walls, jigsaws, and people crying that their husbands left them, and men slamming their heads against walls, and Mum bringing me a mini trifle and a copy of Smash Hits like that would make everything better. It didn’t. It won’t. It can’t. Psychiatric wards when most of my mates were….I can’t tell anyone what is going on…Can’t write…Can’t think about it.Not even here.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|It was the hour of a profound human change, and excitement was generating on the air.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|I've heard my teacher say, where there are machines, there are bound to be machine worries; where there are machine worries, there are bound to be machine hearts. With a machine heart in your breast, you've spoiled what was pure and simple; and without the pure and simple, the life of the spirit knows no rest.
Vincent Van Gogh|I don't stand for the black man's side, I don' t stand for the white man's side. I stand for God's side.
Chief Seattle|Unity despite diversity is exactly what defines Christianity as distinct from and antithetical to all other religious belief systems". ~R. Alan Woods [2006]
Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine|I don't know why I still feel this pit in my stomach whenever I get a moment to think. I know what the pit is, too; I feel lonely. But I'm not alone, I keep telling myself.
Mark Twain|God removes the sin of the one who makes humble confession, and thereby the devil loses the sovereignty he had gained over the human heart.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|July 24, 6:03 A.M.The laundry was warm and the rafters were firm, and Michael Holzapfel jumped from the chair as if it were a cliff...Michael Holzapfel knew what he was doing. He killed himself for wanting to live.
Etta James|We need to take music out of the ivory tower - both for musicians and for the public. Otherwise, classical music will not survive the 21st century.
Alexandar Tomov|I went mad before he did, you killed everything in me. Kiss me,will you. Stop defending yourself.
Peter Guthrie Tait|Nernst was a great admirer of Shakespeare, and it is said that in a conference concerned with naming units after appropriate persons, he proposed that the unit of rate of liquid flow should be called the falstaff.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|The details that are life's special pattern, like how in handwoven rugs what really makes them unique are the tiny flaws in the stitching, little gaps and jumps and stutters that can never be reproduced. so many things become beautiful when you really look.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Why is wisdom so fair? Why is beauty so wise?Because all else is temporary, while beauty and wisdom are the only real and constant aspects of truth that can be perceived by human means.And I don't mean the kind of surface beauty that fades with age, or the sort of shallow wisdom that gets lost in platitudes. is before you.True wisdom then steps in, to interpret, illuminate, and form a life-altering insight.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|When the truth is known, all descriptions cease, and silence alone remains. #Yoga Vasistha
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|25 And the Lord spake unto the Angel that guarded the eastern gate, saying 'Where is the flaming sword that was given unto thee?'26 And the Angel said, 'I had it here only a moment ago, I must have put it down some where, forget my own head next.'27 And the Lord did not ask him again.
Cameron Trost|Darnell had received what is called a sound commercial education, and would therefore have found very great difficulty in putting into articulate speech any thought that was worth thinking;
James Jean-Pierre|I stood in the isle thinking about my future, while the man next to me complained, but when I asked him what his dream was he never answered.
Lauren Magaziner, Pilfer Academy: A School So Bad It's Criminal|He turned to face the long, shadowy hall. There was no turning back now. Unless, of course, he decided to turn back.
Robert  Black|If your organization is not formally committed to a policy of nondiscrimination based on sexual orientation, gender identity, and gender expression or gender presentation in its employment practices, you should not expect lesbian,gay, bisexual, transgender, gender-nonconforming, queer, and/or questioning patients and families to feel safe seeking out your services.
Scott Hastie|Ultimately not one amongst usWill ever be denied that,The glimmer of a chance to shine.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|I kept it to remind me that although there is evil, there is sometimes beauty and light. You, Jillian. You were always my light.
Michael Biondi|Life is like facing two mirrors at each other: There is no beginning, no end. Just the beauty within the reflected infinity
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|It is a strange thing how quickly our bodies die. How fragile a force our presence is. In an instant the soul is gone - leaving an empty, insignificant vessel in its stead. I have read of those sent to the gallows and guillotines of Europe. I have read of the great war of ages past and men slaughtered by the tens of thousands. And we give but fleeting consideration to such deaths, for it is our nature to banish such thoughts. But in doing so, we forget that they were each as alive as we, and the one length of rope - or bullet - or blade, took the whole of their lives in that one, fragile instant. Took their earliest days as swaddled infants, and their grayest unfulfilled futures. When one think of how many souls have suffered this fate in all of history - of the untold murders of untold men, women and children.. it is too much to bear.
Nargis Fakhri|Founding a company is a sheer act of will and tenacity in the face of immense skepticism from everyone - investors, customers, friends, family, and employees, to name a few.
Paula Radcliffe|I dreamed I was a butterfly, flitting around in the sky; then I awoke. Now I wonder: Am I a man who dreamt of being a butterfly, or am I a butterfly dreaming that I am a man?
Dick Cheney|A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night.
Democritus|Life is made of connections. Who knows why fate throws things in our direction, but one thing's for sure, new things are there to offer value to our lives and teach us something new about ourselves. It's what makes life exciting.
Brian Greene|It should be that every child, when they leave school, can do ten meals, because when they leave home, they've got to be able to eat healthily. Blow the science of it and everything else. They've just got to be able to know what's good for them, how to buy it, and how to make a few dishes that they enjoy and don't cost too much.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|In the world of today, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of all of those contradictions. That is how we ended up complicating our world.
Dada Bhagwan|If you make an inner-intent to remain steady in a completely unsteady atmosphere, you will be able to remain steady. This is because steadiness is indeed the quality of your own Self-form. So then, what do You have do with what is unsteady?
Stephan Labossiere, He Who Finds A Wife: A Man's Guide To Finding The Woman & Love He Desires|A man of God doesn't lead a woman through dictatorship, he leads her through a partnership guided by God.
Robert B. Laughlin|I ask myself why I do it. Maybe it's to prove I'm still around. It takes a lot out of my body. I'm not an NBA player anymore. At my age, very few people can handle it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|She had a hundred precocious ideas, and some were good and true, but they could never be hers until she found them alone, for ideas are but words unless they are sown in experience.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|I saw you put rice in a toaster once," said Mae. "I was there when made the tin of beans explode.""It was faulty," Jamie protested, his eyes shifty. " I am sure of this.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|It became evident, that in Paris, only one man could fulfil Heloise’s educational needs, Peter (or as the French called him, Pierre) Abelard, a thirty-seven year old philosopher and teacher
David Gibson|The problem is that one man's superstition is another man's religion, and vice versa. Many Protestants today still see Catholicism as being rife with superstition, ... while atheists and agnostics would see bien-pensant Protestants as worshiping an equally absurd form of the supernatural.
Scott Morse, Strange Science Fantasy|If one is searching for the cause of brutality in mankind, it would do well to remember that civilization is a great and vast machine.
Thomas More, Utopia|There is a fairly common pattern in this field where folks go through about three distinct stages. it true of other areas.1. You know that you know nothing: here you pretty much just use someone else's canned workouts since you don't know what you're doing2. You know just enough to be dangerous. This is when everybody starts overcomplicating things. You see these insanely complicated training programs and periodization schemes. Lots of charts, graphs and flowcharts.3. You realize that the above doesn't matter 999 times out of 1000 and you go back to keeping it simple. You realize that hard work on the basics + talent + time > everything else.
Patrick Ness|Yeah, my parents are crappy, but you hurt either of my sisters and I will spend my life finding ways to destroy you.
Ernest Hemingway|In order to speak about all and to all, one has to speak of what all know and of the reality common to us all. The sea, rains, necessity, desire, the struggle against death... these are things that unite us all.
Kathleen DeMarco, Cranberry Queen|This time, there are no tears. This time, there is only emptiness and I feel it set in the straight line of my mouth. I am not strong enough for this. I want an earthquake, a hurricane, anything - even a devil, the one with the cloven hoof - Mrs. Leed's unfortunate 13th child - to rush out and stomp on me, break me into little pieces and hurl me to the stars, let me go back with those people I love. Please.
Gwen Ifill|I've always traveled, as a kid my parents moved me around, a different place in Germany every four years. But I got the travel bug when I was a kid, living in different countries.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter in the Dark|But as I have noticed on more than one occaision, life itself is unfair, and there is no complaint department, so we might as well accept things the way they happen, clean up the mess, and move on.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.
Lise Arin, Matilda Empress|I stand now at a crossroads. I see before me the route to virtue, at an intersection with the route to love. Do I step to the left or the right, to the wrong or the right? M foot wavers in the air; where shall I set it down?
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|...is impossible to specify what [consciousness] is, what it does, or why it evolved. Nothing worth reading has been written on it.
Kehlani|I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix.
Aysha Taryam|Every journalist who is not too stupid or too full of himself to notice what is going on knows that what he does is morally indefensible. He is a kind of confidence man, preying on people's vanity, ignorance, or loneliness, gaining their trust and betraying them without remorse.
Cheryl Hayashi|I believe we don't need to widen the divide between the West and Islam. Rather, we need to build dialogue to encourage tolerance and respect.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|We’re losing society to apathy, to digital technology, the people who care about nobody else but themselves. They share every little detail of their stupid lives online as if the world even gives a damn… digital technology is getting smarter and society is getting dumber,” Mandy whispered in a voice filled with disbelief. “Society is… it’s slipping away.
Katherine Hannigan, Ida B. . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun, Avoid Disaster, and (Possibly) Save the World|...sadness is a powerful foe, maybe harder to keep down than happiness...
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|And at last she woke up in the middle of one warm night and said, "Yes, but now.
Clayton M. Christensen|The Gross National Product measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country. It measures everything, in short, except that which makes life worthwhile, and it can tell us everything about America - except whether we are proud to be Americans.
Manuel Corazzari|don't focus on the small pieces, focus on the whole picture
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|More silence; children's silence, so desperately desired by adults yet eerie when it finally occurs.
Brian Vihlen|A man without a filter, is chaos walking
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|Sam gave Captain Suicide a droll stare. "How did you die again? Oh wait, I know this. 'I can take 'em. I don't need to wait for reinforcements. I can do it myself.' How'd that work out for you again?
Roopleen|Don’t ever let rejections or failures put you down and keep you from trying. Believe in yourself, have an unwavering desire to excel, put in your best your efforts, persevere and you will blaze your trail.
David Weber, Out of the Dark|Vegtables, what food eats before it becomes food.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|And I can't die easy thinking maybe the menfolks white or black is making a spit cup out of you. Have some sympathy for me. Put me down easy, Janie, I'm a cracked plate.
Henry A. Wallace|A fascist is one whose lust for money or power is combined with such an intensity of intolerance toward those of other races, parties, classes, religions, cultures, regions or nations as to make him ruthless in his use of deceit or violence to attain his ends.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Always try to fix what is broken so that when the blessings come, you will be able to receive it. This generation does a lot of right things for wrong reasons.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|Is he evil?" the dog asked, an eager gleam in his wide brown eyes. "If he's evil, I'd be happy to eat him for you.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Perhaps this war will make it simpler for us to go back to some of the old ways we knew before we came over to this land and made the Big Money. Perhaps, even, we will remember how to make good bread again.It does not cost much. It is pleasant: one of those almost hypnotic businesses, like a dance from some ancient ceremony. It leaves you filled with peace, and the house filled with one of the world's sweetest smells. But it takes a lot of time. If you can find that, the rest is easy. And if you cannot rightly find it, make it, for probably there is no chiropractic treatment, no Yoga exercise, no hour of meditation in a music-throbbing chapel, that will leave you emptier of bad thoughts than this homely ceremony of making bread.
L.J. Smith, The Awakening|For a moment he wondered, again, if he should just give it all up. Perhaps he should go back to Italy, back to his hiding place. What made him think that he could rejoin the world of daylight?But he was tired of living in shadows. He was tired of the darkness, and of the things that lived in it. Most of all, he was tired of being alone.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|He wouldn't hear of anybody's paying taxes, though he was very patriotic.
Gift Gugu Mona|Life is lived to accomplish a mission! Life must be lived with a vision! Life is moved by the heart and the mind! When your mission becomes your mind, your mind becomes your mission. When your vision becomes your heart, your heart becomes your vision! When your mission and your visions in life become your heart and your mind, you mind not just your mission and vision, but also your life as a whole and the footprints you leave with every footstep you take!
Peggy Sealfon, Escape from Anxiety: Supercharge Your Life with Powerful Strategies from A to Z|When you enter a place of stillness, you awaken the divinity within you.
Leslie Marmon Silko, Ceremony|Distances and days existed in themselves then; they all had a story. They were not barriers. If a person wanted to get to the moon, there is a way; it all depended on whether you knew the directions... on whether you knew the story of how others before you had gone. He had believed in the stories for a long time, until the teachers at Indian school taught him not to believe in that kind of "nonsense". But they had been wrong.
Lori Goodwin|One thing is for sure. Nothing in life is easy or certain. You'll be fighting until the end. And when you've overcome all chaos has to offer, those who had it easy will struggle. By fighting through it, you are giving yourself a skill some just do not have. When the world, and the realm, erupt into chaos, you'll be the one standing with a sword still in your hand. Be proud of yourself. You're more of a warrior than you know.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|I want to build you a house with my bare hands and carry you over the threshold. I want too cook for you every evening and bring you tea in bed in the mornings. I want to read with you in front of an open fire, sipping a glass of wine. I want to drive you to the beach and lie next to you in the sun. I may not be a man of means, bit I want to take care of you as best I can.
Thea Harrison, Pia Saves the Day|I'm so sorry I wasn't here sooner, but you'll have to forgive an old vampire for being a bit rusty in the dreamscape.
Ruta Sepetys, Out of the Easy|Right is of no sex, Truth is of no color, God is the Father of us all, and we are all Brethren
Madhu Vajpayee, Seeking Redemption|Yes, we have to seek redemption! Redemption from the divisive politics based on caste and religion, redemption from the corruption which is eating our lives like termites, redemption from misery of poverty, redemption from the sins of our venal politicians. We need good governance and accountability. An individual has to fight for the things he rightfully deserves. People do not need crutches of any kind if the basic conditions of nation are conducive to their growth. It’s ridiculous; people are first deprived of basic amenities, denied their dues and then offered carrots to benefit the vote bank politics.
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|The happiness of mankind, if it ever should come to pass, would still leave men asking: Why? What point to it? To what end?
Elbert Hubbard|True life lies in laughter, love and work.
Robert Browning Hamilton|I walked a mile with Pleasure;She chatted all the way;But left me none the wiserFor all she had to say.I walked a mile with Sorrow;And ne’er a word said she;But, oh! The things I learned from her,When Sorrow walked with me.
Luci Shaw|Anticipation lifts the heart. Desire is created to be fulfilled - perhaps not all at once, more likely in slow stages. Isaiah uttered his prophetic words about the renewal of the natural Creation into a wilderness of spiritual barrenness and thirst. For him, and for many other Old Testament seers, the vacuum of dry indifference into which he spoke was not yet a place of fulfillment. Yet the promise of God through this human mouthpiece (and the word "promise" always holds a kind of certainty) was verdant with hope, a kind of greenness and glory. A softening of hard-heartedness, a lively expectation, would herald the coming of Messiah. And once again, in this season of Advent, the same promise for the same Anointed One is coming closer.
Dale Carnegie|You do not need to make everyone happy, because you are not paid for.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|It is merely the egoism of men, who wants to bury a woman like a treasure. All attempts at using vows, contracts, and holy ceremonies have failed to bring permanence into the most changeable aspect of changeable human existence, namely love. Can you deny that our Christina world is rotting?
Ili Ann|in a few moments he came into the core of himself, where he was alone, and felt strangely companioned, not by anyone or anything, but by himself. The rejected self found refuge here, not a cowed refuge, but somehow a wandering ease; as if it were indestructible, and had its own final pride, its own secret eyes.
Sunday Adelaja|If God gives you an assignment, He will also supply the strength to carry itOut
Dale Murphy|First, I was so dazzled and besotted by India. People said the poverty was biblical, and I'm afraid that was my attitude, too. It's terribly easy to get used to someone else's poverty if you're living a middle-class life in it. But after a while, I saw it wasn't possible to accept it, and I also didn't want to.
Sherman Alexie, Indian Killer|Racism is not funny, because it won't solve anything, but making it worst instead, because racism is the reason the world is no longer great.
Thorstein Veblen|If you make the unconditional commitment to reach your most important goals, if the strength of your decision is sufficient, you will find the way and the power to achieve your goals.
Ramya and Abby|I flew into sky, yet I could not leave home. I wanted to stay while I wanted to go.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Friendship Quote of the Week:"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together"…Woodrow Wilson, U.S. President and World Leader
Rhys Ford, Dirty Kiss|Why does anyone commit murder?' he asked in a low voice.'I-'I blinked.'How should I know?''Three reasons,' Christopher said. He held up one finger. 'Love.' Another finger. 'Revenge.' And finally, a third finger. 'Profit...
Confucius|Only a man of integrity can possess the virtue of honesty, since only the faking of one’s consciousness can permit the faking of existence.
Grover Norquist|When you read about the real history of where feminism comes from, it came from a very political point of view. I don't believe in bringing any politics to an idea like feminism. I love the idea that women should be celebrated, but I also believe men should be, too. We need both - yin and yang.
Lynne Cockrum-Murphy, Unfolding the Mystery of Self: We are Never Alone|Not only are we not alone, we are a thread in a great tapestry that is rich, because we exist.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|And whenever you look at somebody as an enemy,you never look deep,you never look into the eye, you avoid. Don't be a fighter, be a lover.
Eric Schlosser|I love chicken fingers, I love French fries. I love desserts. I'm not just into dessert or just into savoury food. I love it all. I'm a pig. I love food. So it takes a lot of discipline to eat healthy.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|I do not just want you at your best.I almost do not carewhere your Happiness lives,but please,let me visit your pain?Take me to the placewhere your sadness goes,and show me the tragedythat no one knows.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|I have accepted the challenge of life, to be all that I can possibly be.
Ambrose Bierce|You swore you loved me, and laughed and warned me that you would not love me forever. I did not hear you. You were speaking in a language I did not understand. Never, never, I can conceive of a love which is able to foresee its own termination. Love is its own eternity. Love is in every moment of its being: all time. It is the only glimpse we are permitted of what eternity is. So I did not hear you. The words were nonsense.
Edwidge Danticat, Krik? Krak!|No, women like you don't write. They carve onion sculptures and potato statues. They sit in dark corners and braid their hair in new shapes and twists in order to control the stiffness, the unruliness, the rebelliousness.
E. Nesbit|There are brown eyes in the world, after all, as well as blue, and one pair of brown that meant heaven to me as the blue had never done
Robert Tew|Be with people who like you for who you are, not what you have.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|Only their efforts to make him talk failed. he would say one word at a time, if pressed, but seemed happier not to and could not be made to repeat a whole line. Gradually, as his family learnt how to anticipate his few needs and how to respond, they ceased to notice his silence -his manner of communication seemed full and rich enough to them: he no more needed to converse than Aunt Mira's cat did.
Katie Neipris, The Inconvenient Process of Falling|After months of separation her friends still catalyzed her thoughts and challenged her opinions and wrangled with her emotions, and she was relieved to see that they still slid into the familiar patterns, the comfortable ruts of long-established personalities. It was nice but it also worried her. Could there be room for growth? How could you change around the people that knew you best, who knew you backwards and forwards and knew you so well that they defined themselves by you and you by them? How could you possibly evolve, like really evolve and become a whole person all on your own, when your own makeup was inextricably intertwined with someone else’s perception of themselves?
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|This rough magicI here abjure, and, when I have requiredSome heavenly music, which even now I do,To work mine end upon their senses thatThis airy charm is for, I'll break my staff,Bury it certain fathoms in the earth,And deeper than did ever plummet soundI'll drown my book.
Maya Rodale, Dangerous Books for Girls: The Bad Reputation of Romance Novels Explained|Romance novels feature nuanced portrayals of female characters having adventures, making choices, and accepting themselves just as they are. When we say these stories are silly and unrealistic, we are telling young girls not to expect to be the heroines in their own real lives.
Doug Stanhope|Somehow, people get very nervous about leaving the comfortable life of rules behind and never take the chance to develop their own internal voice, to listen to their own consciousness.
Steven E. Landsburg, The Big Questions: Tackling the Problems of Philosophy with Ideas from Mathematics, Economics and Physics|friendship is not gold, but it's more value;friendship is not diamond, but it's more glory;friendship is not iron, but it's more strong
Cyndi Tefft, Between|Back off, asshole. I haven't had a woman today, so I'm in no mood for this kind of bullshit. 
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|The French have a term for this brazenness: je m’en foutisme, the brave art of not giving a damn.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|The mind has a powerful way of attracting things that are in harmony with it, good and bad.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|When you truly believe in the desires of your heart, they show themselves to you, creating a world you wish to see. When you believe in the bad things of your world, they also become visible, weighing on your heart, which makes peace hard to find.” Den the Wise Oak Tree, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Luigina Sgarro|With one hundred miles left to go in the Klondike 200 I began imagining how amazed people would be at the finished line. Entering the Klondike, my sights had been set on merely finishing.
Margaret Atwood|Careful there, Poet. I might start to believe you.
Marilyn Monroe|I was socially isolated as a kid. I had friends, but I wasn't very good at sports and that sort of thing so I became quite comfortable being by myself, exploring. The world was my private playground, and in it, I was supreme. Darwin, Faraday, Huxley and other great scientists were my companions.
Voltaire|It is time we admitted, from kings and presidents on down, that there is no evidence that any of our books was authored by the Creator of the universe. The Bible, it seems certain, was the work of sand-strewn men and women who thought the earth was flat and for whom a wheelbarrow would have been a breathtaking example of emerging technology. To rely on such a document as the basis for our worldview-however heroic the efforts of redactors- is to repudiate two thousand years of civilizing insights that the human mind has only just begun to inscribe upon itself through secular politics and scientific culture. We will see that the greatest problem confronting civilization is not merely religious extremism: rather, it is the larger set of cultural and intellectual accommodations we have made to faith itself.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|Next door to the Bensons is Emmet Frag, a retired pacemaker who is credited with inventing the notion of happiness. He’s currently working on a method for categorising ducks based on their singing voice. He’s also the owner of the world’s largest collection of tenor geese.
Eleanor Brownn, Mile 9: The true story of a lifelong couch potato who one day made a decision that changed everything|It can be hard to hold onto your vision because other people will want you to be like they are. But your life has a course of its own, and only you can walk it.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Death shows no favor. He is very fair: exacting the same advantages to all. Age, race, gender, or economic status does not cause discrimination within the company of Death. Of all marketing companies on the Earth, Death has surpassed them all: ensuring to meet nearly 100% of its inhabitants. The only one powerful enough to release the clinch that Death holds is the Father who disseminates power to whom He sees fit.
Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight|But the only thing worse than remembering the feel of Rose in his arms, the softness of her black and white feathers, the sound of her voice when she sang quietly to herself, would be forgetting it.
Nezahualcóyotl|The Giver of Life enrages us,He intoxicates us here.No one is at His sideto be famous, to rule on Earth.
Taiwo Abraham|If you're perpetually broke, you should be working hard at overcoming stupidity and not getting rich.
Rosemary Mahoney|There's a great deal to say in the Bible about the signs we're to watch for, and when these signs all converge at one place we can be sure that we're close to the end of the age.
Lynne Rossetto Kasper|I can think of no sadder example of our food paradigm than two posters taped to the window of a California IHOP. One is a colorful photo of pancakes heaped with bananas, strawberries, nuts, syrups and whipped cream with the caption, 'Welcome to Paradise.' Lower down, an 8x10 photocopy states: 'Chemicals known to cause cancer or birth defects or other reproductive harm may be present in food or beverages sold here.' Such signs are posted on many fast-food outlets. Heaven isn't a place on earth, at least not at these drive-throughs.
Zeynep Tufekci, Twitter and Tear Gas: The Power and Fragility of Networked Protest|It is not true that the world hates America. It is the world’s Left that hates America. However, because the Left dominates the world’s news media and because nearly everyone, understandably, relies on the news media for their understanding of what happens in the world, many people, including Americans, believe that ‘the world’ hates America. And, of course, the Left-dominated media help to create much of the hatred for America that does exist. If I relied exclusively on the New York Times or Le Monde or the Guardian or CNN International or virtually any of the world’s major television and radio news stations and newspapers for all I knew about America, I would probably hold it in contempt as well.
Levon Peter Poe|We shall find the time. Time to grow and learn and create.Time to enjoy and love and be loved.Time to remember and laugh and cry.Time to be courageous and wise and simple.Time to explore and develop and evolve.Time to find things, lose things and re-find things.Time to live and die and be re-born.Time to hug and kiss and make love and make babies.We shall find the time.And when we doWe shall find it is ENOUGH!
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the miracle.
Amy Lane, Truth in the Dark|Most people live life on the path we set for them. Too afraid to explore any other. But once in a while people like you come along and knock down all the obstacles we put in your way. People who realize free will is a gift, you'll never know how to use until you fight for it.
Gabriel García Márquez|I see nothing that can unite us under the auspices of innocence and honor," he wrote to her. "In the future you will be alone, although at your husband's side, and I will ab alone in the midst of the world. The glory of having conquered ourselves will be our only consolation.
Sean Carroll|Scientists still do not appear to understand sufficiently that all earth sciences must contribute evidence toward unveiling the state of our planet in earlier times, and that the truth of the matter can only be reached by combing all this evidence. ... It is only by combing the information furnished by all the earth sciences that we can hope to determine 'truth' here, that is to say, to find the picture that sets out all the known facts in the best arrangement and that therefore has the highest degree of probability. Further, we have to be prepared always for the possibility that each new discovery, no matter what science furnishes it, may modify the conclusions we draw.
Donovan L. Graham, Teaching Redemptively: Bringing Grace and Truth Into Your Classroom|Most professional beliefs, especially Christian religious beliefs, are taught through formal, usually verbal, instruction. Such formal instruction may be devoid of personal experience to match the verbal teaching. . . Just as the instruction is verbal, the learner's profession of the belief is verbal.
Lyndsay Faye, Seven for a Secret|That's a very murky position," objected Felix."So's the weather. But this is England, we must learn to live with uncertainty.
Rebecca Rogers Maher, The Bridge|They used to tell me if you’re depressed anyway, why not be depressed and take a walk instead of being depressed and staying in bed? If it makes no difference, why not get up and go out?
Judith Viorst|For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
Stephen Richards|Though it may be interesting to know how many hairs there are on the human head, or how the giant red spot on the surface of Jupiter was formed, the real truths we are interested in are those about ourselves.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Fraternity means that the father no longer sacrifices the sons; instead the brothers kill one another. Wars between nations have been replaced by civil war. The great settling of accounts, first under national ‘pretexts,’ led to a rapidly escalating world civil war.
David Zucker|I don't know if this is the kind of retrospective analysis that people are fond of applying to their work or actions, but it feels like I knew I was going to be famous and I knew that an element of that would be traumatic, so that if I could make myself something big and otherworldly, it would be a kind of defence.
Gary Zukav|The two biggest things that translate from the pitching mound to hunting and fishing are patience and perseverance. When you're on the mound, you have to take the game one pitch at a time, regardless of the score, and that approach helps when I'm in the woods or on the water as well.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Since nothing stays the same, the great news is that, at any moment, you have the ability and power to move the needle in the direction of your dreams and create a brand that best represents you.
Michael Pollan, A Place of My Own: The Education of an Amateur Builder|People have traditionally turned to ritual to help them frame and acknowledge and ultimately even find joy in just such a paradox of being human - in the fact that so much of what we desire for our happiness and need for our survival comes at a heavy cost. We kill to eat, we cut down trees to build our homes, we exploit other people and the earth. Sacrifice - of nature, of the interests of others, even of our earlier selves - appears to be an inescapable part of our condition, the unavoidable price of all our achievements. A successful ritual is one that addresses both aspects of our predicament, recalling us to the shamefulness of our deeds at the same time it celebrates what the poet Frederick Turner calls "the beauty we have paid for with our shame." Without the double awareness pricked by such rituals, people are liable to find themselves either plundering the earth without restraint or descending into self-loathing and misanthropy. Perhaps it's not surprising that most of us today bring one of those attitudes or the other to our conduct in nature.
John Brunner, Stand on Zanzibar|It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button. 
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|It’s sad to see how many relationships start as just a distraction from boredom, a cover up so they don’t have to ever deal with the true pain below
Bill Mills, Adequate: How God Empowers Ordinary People to Serve|If God spares us as a father does his son, let us imitate God. It is natural for children to imitate their parents. Let us imitate God in this one thing: As God spares us, and passes by many failures, so let us be sparing in our censures of others; let us look upon the weaknesses and indiscretions of our brethren with...a more tender, compassionate eye. How much God bears with us!
Maisie Mosco, Almonds and Raisins|Sometimes before your luck can be good,someone else's has to be bad
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|There was no point in telling somebody not to cry, she had always thought; indeed there were times when you should do exactly the opposite, when you should urge people to cry, to start the healing that sometimes only tears can bring. But if there was a place for tears of relief, there might even be a place for tears of pride[.]
Henry James, The American|The place suggested a convent with the modern improvements—an asylum in which privacy, though unbroken, might be not quite identical with privation, and meditation, though monotonous, might be of a cheerful cast.
Samuel Johnson, Works of Samuel Johnson|Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
Dean Koontz, Innocence|Things keep happening all around you. There is violence, there is gore, there are people who will use you and never look back to see what became of you, and worse, there are people who will break you into smithereens before they leave to make sure they don’t have to look back to see what became of you.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|The only way God can strengthen his presence in our will is to weaken his presence in our feelings. Otherwise we would become spiritual cripples, unable to walk without emotional crutches. This is why he gives us dryness, sufferings, and failures.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|All eyes are opened, or opening, to the rights of man. The general spread of the light of science has already laid open to every view the palpable truth that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately, by the grace of God. These are grounds of hope for others. For ourselves, let the annual return of this day forever refresh our recollection of these rights, and an undiminished devotion to them.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|I know there are things you aren’t telling me. Big things…Sir, I will find out. I only hope your reasoning is good enough for me to forgive you.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|With the current technology, I now agree with non-believers. We should no longer say the Bible is life's road-map, the Bible is life's GPS!
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Eterna Files|Does feminist mean large unpleasant person who'll shout at you or someone who believes women are human beings? To me it's the latter, so I sign up
Allan Gurganus|One question about a joke is, how well is the strangeness of the situation resolved? At 'The New Yorker', we retain a lot of incongruity, tapping the playful part of the mind - Monty Python-type stuff. We also try to use humor as a vehicle for communicating ideas. Not editorial comment, but observation.
Christopher Morley|There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it. It is like falling in love, and like that colossal adventure it is an experience of great social import. Even as the tranced swain, the booklover yearns to tell others of his bliss. He writes letters about it, adds it to the postscript of all manner of communications, intrudes it into telephone messages, and insists on his friends writing down the title of the find. Like the simple-hearted betrothed, once certain of his conquest, “I want you to love her, too!” It is a jealous passion also. He feels a little indignant if he finds that any one else has discovered the book, too.
Harvey Fierstein|I don't have a favourite romantic scene, but I enjoy romantic movies like 'Ghost' and 'Music and Lyrics.'
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I know that many of the things I have said from the Scriptures have offended some, but I cannot afford to tone down the message. As Paul said in 1 Corinthians 9:17, “I have a stewardship entrusted to me” (nasb), and that is to preach the pure and simple Gospel in whatever culture I am in.
Debasish Mridha|Take love and kindness with you, wherever you go.
A. A. Milne|The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare. Since jealousy comes from feeling less than another, comparisons only fan the fires.
Jordan MacLean, Sword of Hemlock|For a woman to be taken as seriously as a man she must be three times as effective. Happily, this is not difficult.--Simone de Beauvoir
Marc Guggenheim|For those of you who still believe in the Easter Bunny and that the letters that appear in your local newspaper come from concerned citizens who really care, I've got troubling news. At least in politics, most of the letters that get published on the letters-to-the-editor page originate in the campaign headquarters of the candidates.
Steven Magee|We are all the gods and devils, hiding under the human skin.
Carl Jung|It's a bit cliche, but you can't go wrong by writing what you know. Even if you're a horrible writer, your own knowledge and experience is unrivaled. Nobody knows what you know like you know what you know. The way you see things is pretty unique.
Jacob Tomsky, Heads in Beds: A Reckless Memoir of Hotels, Hustles, and So-Called Hospitality|The moment when you realize no one understands, no one ever did, no one ever will.You were alone, you always will be.But may be, just may be, someone will look up to you someday. And when they do, remember to hide those tearful eyes, to smile and to say - "look, life's so good.
Lynne Truss|It's a sad indication of where Washington has come, where policy differences almost necessarily become questions of integrity. I came to Washington in the late '70s, and people had the ability in the past to have intense policy differences but didn't feel the need to question the other person's character.
Elizabeth George, Moments of Grace for a Woman's Heart|Jesus teaches us to give richly, serve sacrificially, and love unconditionally.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|He was so far away now, or maybe he just looked distant because we were imaging different things for our future.
Alex Gaskarth|You are the most important person in the world. Every single of you. Don’t let anybody tell you differently, okay?,
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|…Man’s heart is a ditch full of blood. The loved ones who have died throw themselves down on the bank of this ditch to drink the blood and so come to life again; the dearer they are to you, the more of your blood they drink.” - The Narrator.
Neil Humphreys|Haw Par Villa is the nutty exception. It's mad, slightly unhinged and overwhelmingly rubbish. Without a doubt, Haw Par Villa is the Louis Tussaus House of Wax of Singapore. There is no higher compliment (...) For it's own sake, Haw Par Villa still had to be terrible, macabre, distasteful and offensive.
A.A. Milne|On Wednesday, when the sky is blue,and I have nothing else to do,I sometimes wonder if it's true That who is what and what is who." - Winnie-the-Pooh
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|But now, here she was, very wishful to pray, while not knowing how to explain her dilemma: ‘I’m terribly unhappy, dear, unprobable God—’ would not be a very propitious beginning.
Dorothy Day, The Long Loneliness: The Autobiography of the Legendary Catholic Social Activist|I was lonely, deadly lonely. And I was to find out then, as I found out so many times, over and over again, that women especially are social beings, who are not content with just husband and family, but must have a community, a group, an exchange with others. Young and old, even in the busiest years of our lives, we women especially are victims of the long loneliness.It was years before I woke up without that longing for a face pressed against my breast, an arm about my shoulder. The sense of loss was there.I never was so unhappy, never felt so great the sense of loneliness. No matter how many times I gave up mother, father, husband, brother, daughter, for His sake, I had to do it over again.Tamar is partly responsible for the title of this book in that when I was beginning it she was writing me about how alone a mother of young children always is. I had also just heard from an old woman who lived a long and full life, and she too spoke of her loneliness
Kiera Cass|The only thing that made sense were the thoughts on repeat inside my head: I was about to become the husband of the second woman I’d ever loved.It was almost time. Damn. Shit, yeah! Fuck, yes!I was getting married!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|It was a strange business and it made a sad and curious impression on me; everything that had belonged to me in these earlier years of my life left me, was alien and lost to me. I suddenly saw how sad and artificial my life had been during this period, for the loves, friends, habits and pleasures of these years were discarded like badly fitting clothes. I parted from them without pain and all that remained was to wonder that I could have endured them so long.
Tim Wendel, Summer of '68: The Season That Changed Baseball—and America—Forever|At some point, I finally realized that stress made a really bad companion... so I had it pack its shit and leave.
Jean Toomer, Cane|What happend to her? To Miranda?'Ulysses shrugged. 'What happens to most children. She got sick, and never got better.''And your wife?''The same.''But you said you were married,' said Will, glancing down at Ulysses's ring, smooth and lustrous in the half-light.'I'll always be married. But it'll be the next world when I see her again.
Eleanor Roosevelt|No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
George Sand|Nature alone can speak to our intelligence an imperishable language, never changing, because it remains within the bounds of eternal truth and of what is absolutely noble and beautiful.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Figure out what makes you laugh, and do more of it. Figure out what makes you cry, and do less of it.
Michelle Shocked|I might be celibate, but I appreciate the wonder of the sacrament of marriage.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Financial demands, of all the rough winds that blow upon our love, (are) quite the coldest and the most biting.
Ambeth R. Ocampo, Rizal Without the Overcoat|As you can see, there are quite a number of things taught in school that one has to unlearn or at least correct.
Dejan Stojanovic|If you are only what you are, You at least have a chance Not to outsmart, But be on a par with yourself And that is worth trying.
Hugh Jackman|Utrip makes it easy for travelers to experience the destination highlights that most interest them, be it food, art or history. Just like a culinary experience, every palate is different, and Utrip is all about personalizing travel for their users.
Brian Sandoval|I do accept that, with - with respect to those vague terms in the Constitution such as equal protection of the laws, due process of law, cruel and unusual punishments. I fully accept that those things have to apply to new phenomena that didn't exist at the time.
Marissa Clarke, Neighbors with Benefits|Wanting Kate was one thing. Sex was simple. Or it could be. But liking her?Enjoying spending time with her? Allowing her into his private life, as Brody had tonight, albeit at his sisters’ invitation? It would lead to nothing but trouble.
Melissa Lurquette, A Beautiful Bounty|It’s all right now, Louisa: it’s all right, young Thomas,’ said Mr. Bounderby; ‘you won’t do so any more. I’ll answer for it’s being all over with father. Well, Louisa, that’s worth a kiss, isn’t it?’‘You can take one, Mr. Bounderby,’ returned Louisa, when she had coldly paused, and slowly walked across the room, and p. 18ungraciously raised her cheek towards him, with her face turned away.‘Always my pet; ain’t you, Louisa?’ said Mr. Bounderby. ‘Good-bye, Louisa!’He went his way, but she stood on the same spot, rubbing the cheek he had kissed, with her handkerchief, until it was burning red. She was still doing this, five minutes afterwards.‘What are you about, Loo?’ her brother sulkily remonstrated. ‘You’ll rub a hole in your face.’‘You may cut the piece out with your penknife if you like, Tom. I wouldn’t cry!
H.D., HERmione|She didn't know that all her life would be spent gambling with the stark rigidity of words, words that were coin: save, spend and all the time George with his own counter had found her a way out.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|I don’t know who I am. And I don’t think people ever will know who they are. We have to be humble enough to learn to live with this mysterious question. Who am I? So, I am a mystery to myself. I am someone who is in this pilgrimage from the moment that I was born to the day to come that I’m going to die. And this is something that I can’t avoid, whether I like it or not, or — I’m going to die. So, what I have to do is to honor this pilgrimage through life. And so I am this pilgrim — if I can somehow answer your question — who’s constantly amazed by this journey. Who is learning a new thing every single day. But who’s not accumulating knowledge, because then it becomes a very heavy burden in your back. I am this person who is proud to be a pilgrim, and who’s trying to honor his journey.
Maggie Nelson|You, know, the only thing I can be is a writer. I'm absolutely unprepared for anything else. When you've lived the kind of life I have, you are good for nothing. Only writing can save you.
Brian A. McBride|Every day I must prove to myself I am a writer. The knowledge goes away in my sleep. What I wrote yesterday was paltry, meager, so flawed it is barely anything. Or, if it is good, I am no longer the person who could write it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, I am the master of my fate: I am the captain of my soul.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The choice to avoid risk is the choice to avoid living, and to avoid living is one of the greatest risk of all.
Bryce Courtenay, The Power of One|It will soon make sense with some reasonable research and reading...ti's all in there, somewhere... find it!!
David Barik|Somewhere, the imaginary little shoulder angel and devil were having a conversation on their respective sides, the angel offering a gentle warning that this might not be a good idea, given all the drama, the complications. But the little devil, with its pudgy belly and pointy ears, was so comical that Holly almost laughed when he rolled his eyes at the angel and whispered, "Oh, whatever".
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|What is that?” Addison inspects the food with a look of sheer revulsion on her face. You’d swear I just handed her a plate full of arsenic. “The Works Burger with fries and extra onions and cheese, exactly as you ordered.” I keep my voice level.She sends me a scathing look. “Do I look like I’d ever consume that amount of saturated fat?
Marty Rubin|If words are the truth, what is living for?
Dieter F. Utchtdorf“O How Great the Plan of Our God,” Ensign (Conference Edition), November 2016, p.|d spoken calmly and without raising my voice but I could see several of them repressing the urge to move back. I smiled mirthlessly: one of these days, Praesi would learn to stop thinking that mercy and ruthlessness were mutually exclusive. I’d made the Forlorn Hope with the intent of deploying it in battle: if it could not be deployed, it could return to the gallows I’d snatched it from. There were only so many chances I was willing to give people.
Stephanie Coontz, Marriage, a History: From Obedience to Intimacy or How Love Conquered Marriage|The idea that in prehistoric times a man would spend his life hunting only for the benefit of his own wife and children, who were dependent solely upon his hunting prowess for survival, is simply a projection of 1950s marital norms onto the past.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Formal education teaches how to stand, but to see the rainbow you must come out and walk many steps on your own.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Pride is one of the seven deadly sins; but it cannot be the pride of a mother in her children, for that is a compound of two cardinal virtues — faith and hope.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|But I see you're not standing in a bleedin' shadow, Perks, nor have you done anything to change your bleedin' shape, you're silhouetted against the bleedin' light and your sabre's shining like a diamond in a chimney-sweep's bleedin' ear'ole! Explain!""It's because of the one C, sarge!" said Polly, still staring straight ahead. "And that is?" "Colour, sarge! I'm wearing bleedin' red and white in a bleedin' grey forest, sarge!
Richard Feynman|Many races as well as cultural influences of men of all kinds have mixed into any man. To select, for approbation the peculiar elements that come from some supposedly Jewish heredity is to open the door to all kinds of nonsense on racial theory.
Alexandra Fuller|Then she called Gansey.It rang twice, three times, and then: "Hello?"He sounded boyish and ordinary. Blue asked, "Did I wake you up?"She heard Gansey fumble for and scrape up his wireframes."No," he lied, "I was awake.""I called you by accident anyway. I meant to call Congress, but your number was one off.""Oh?""Yeah, because yours has 6-6-5 in it." She paused. "Get it?""Oh, you.""6-6-5. One number different. Get it?""Yeah, I got it.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, Antifragile: Things That Gain from Disorder|Until we are willing to oppose all abortion--ALL ABORTION---then the Christian community will lack the true ethical high ground to oppose ANY ABORTIONS. The minute we concede that there is any ground--even in the so-called case of rape, incest or the health of the mother---to make a decision to self-consciously and deliberately kill a child based on our puny, finite understanding of the facts, and a a cost-benefit analysis based on our pragmatic post-modern vision of utlilitarian ethics, we have conceded everything. We have abandoned biblical law and granted to Planned Parenthood the legitimacy of the core argument they have advanced since Margaret Sanger founded the organization--namely, that some circumstances of pregnancy are sufficiently uncomfortable or troubling that man has the right to play God and declare his own authority to take the life of an innocent, unborn baby.
Debasish Mridha|In this ocean of time, life is smaller than a drop of water. To create an impact, create a massive wave with the power of your infinite love.
Foster "Raul" Mkhabele|When pointing out the flaws in others, people always end up talking about themselves.
Samuel Beckett|I always thought old age would be a writer’s best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memory’s gone, all the old fluency’s disappeared. I don’t write a single sentence without saying to myself, ‘It’s a lie!’ So I know I was right. It’s the best chance I’ve ever had.
Anthony Liccione|Her body begs to be taken away and put into a warm bed with the sheets pulled high, even though nothing can help now.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|Intercourse was now forbidden to everyone but married people; bundling disappeared. In its place young courting couples engaged in "petting"--which, interpreted broadly, meant that they were could do anything sexual short of intercourse. Women were now held responsible for controlling men's beastly sexuality--halting them from simply plunging ahead--at the same time that they were expected to be sexually innocent: an impossible position.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|In his younger days a man dreams of possessing the heart of the woman he loves; later, the feeling that he possesses the heart of a woman may be enough to make him fall in love with her. And 50, at an age when it would appear - since one seeks in love before everything else a subjective pleasure - that the taste for feminine beauty must play the larger part in its procreation, love may come into being, love of the most physical order, without any foundation in desire. At this time of life a man has already been wounded more than once by the darts of love; it no longer evolves by itself, obeying its own incomprehensible and fatal laws, before his passive and astonished heart. We come to its aid; we falsify it by memory and by suggestion; recognising one of its symptoms we recall and recreate the rest.
Jan Jansen|The first person to fire out of your life when you take your power back, is the one you abused the most, and he or she did not stand up for him/herself.
Aaron B. Powell, Doomsday Diaries III: Luke the Protector|The world is a goddamned evil place, the strong prey on the weak, the rich on the poor; I’ve given up hope that there is a God that will save us all. How am I supposed to believe that there’s a heaven and a hell when all I see now is hell.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love writes a letter, joy is its ink.
Max    Adams, The King in the North: The Life and Times of Oswald of Northumbria|The dark ages are obscure but they were not weird. Magicians there were, to be sure, and miracles. In the flickering firelight of the winter hearth, mead songs were sung of dragons and ring-givers, of fell deeds and famine, of portents and vengeful gods. Strange omens in the sky were thought to foretell evil times. But in a world where the fates seemed to govern by whimsy and caprice, belief in sympathetic magic, superstition and making offerings to spirits was not much more irrational than believing in paper money: trust is an expedient currency. There were charms to ward of dwarfs, water-elf disease and swarms of bees; farmers recited spells against cattle thieves and women knew of potions to make men more - or less - virile. Soothsayers, poets and those who remembered the genealogies of kings were held in high regard. The past was an immense source of wonder and inspiration, of fear and foretelling.
Donna Brazile|The growth of the company and the license that Starbucks has is to participate in other food and beverage opportunities. We have a global business... and in many parts of the world, tea is much, much bigger than coffee, and we're going to bring tea and bring our capability and our understanding of what we've done for coffee to tea.
Teresa May B. Bandiola, The Forest of Evergreen (Volume 2): Found in the Wilderness|… I can only wish to remember the good timesand forget the things I refuse to remember. They are nothing but heartache.”-Sophia to Zarah, The Forest of Evergreen: Found in the Wilderness
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|As they walked out of the store, Ifemelu said, “I was waiting for her to ask ‘Was it the one with two eyes or the one with two legs?’ Why didn’t she just ask ‘Was it the black girl or the white girl?’”Ginika laughed. “Because this is America. You’re supposed to pretend that you don’t notice certain things.
Morrissey|I know by now you think I should have straightened myself out - Thank you, drop dead!
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Everything we think we know, everything we think we see, everything we believe we feel, taste, smell, or hear, everything we “remember” (our pasts), everything we want to happen (our futures), everything that has ever existed or will ever exist, only exists right now. All of these things are nothing more than electric signals being passed through our brains and bodies, right now. It is all energy flowing through us right now. “The past” exists only in our minds. We are the ones who bring it into reality. We are the ones who bring it into the present. We are the ones who make it “real”.
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|I KNEW I MUST do all as I was told, yet something burned inside me, a seed of defiance that must have derived from a long-ago ancestor. Perhaps my mind was inflamed from the books I had read and the worlds I had imagined.
Immanuel Kant, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals|Voluntary euthanasia occurs only when, to the best of medical knowledge, a person is suffering from an incurable and painful or extremely distressing condition. In these circumstances one cannot say that to choose to die quickly is obviously irrational.
Daniel Waterman, Entheogens, Society and Law: The Politics of Consciousness, Autonomy and Responsibility|Certainly, a clear line must be preserved by strict discipline, and on the other hand the men must know that everything is done for them that hard times permit. On the top of that it follows that, among real men, what counts is deeds, not words; and then it comes of itself, when such are the relations between men and their leaders, that instead of opposition there is harmony between them. The leader is merely a clearer expression of the common will and an example of life and death. And there is no science in all this. It is a practical quality, the simple manly commonsense that is native to a sound and vigorous race.
Christopher Reeve|Back of every mistaken venture and defeat is the laughter of wisdom, if you listen.
Mary Sage Nguyen|Chris M. Salamone is a highly recognized Legal professional currently living in Boca Raton. He has over 20 years of experience in his career, he has helped thousands of young Americans to grow personally and professionally.
Kapil Dev|Country music in the mid-'90s was a big influence on my career, and I played all the songs that are referenced in '94' back in my club days. Joe Diffie was rocking a sick mullet, and he was hotter than ever... just putting out monster hit after monster hit. It totally takes me back to those days, and it makes me smile every time I hear it.
Laurann Dohner, Propositioning Mr. Raine|Kyle held out his hand and Reid shook it like a good sport, but he made sure to add a little extra pressure and a meaningful stare in the universal male Don’t-f**k-with-this-chick-or-I’ll-eat-your-heart-for-breakfast-with-my-Wheaties look.
Gugu Mona|Only if you follow the realism of science rather than the Hollywood fantasy of romance, will you achieve True Love
Dipin Damodharan|Sometimes the word ‘Desire’ may leave you in a tizzy. Many of us are banking on this word to drive our life forward. These ‘Desires’ may be the single factor that guide and enrich your life. But, there’s a trap.Surgeon Atul Gawande puts it like this in his book ‘Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End, “When we have only our desires to guide us, and they are fleeting, capricious, and insatiable, they provide, ultimately, only torment.”So beware of ‘Desires’. You need to redefine it in a way that makes your life to be endurable.
Russell Kirk, The Roots of American Order|The proposition is peace. Not peace through the medium of war; not peace to be hunted through the labyrinth of intricate and endless negotiations; not peace to arise out of universal discord, fomented from principle, in all parts of the empire; not peace to depend on the juridical determination of perplexing questions, or the precise marking the shadowy boundaries of a complex government. It is simple peace, sought in its natural course and in its ordinary haunts. It is peace sought in the spirit of peace, and laid in principles purely pacific.
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|Don't get me wrong. I'm happy to be your morning lollipop, but I need to eat, too.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Oh, how hard it is to part with power! This one has to understand.
Gena Showalter, The Closer You Come|It was common knowledge that big, bad city boys spent the bulk of their time sleeping around, coiffing their hair and posting pictures of food on the internet.
Jennifer Niven, American Blonde|The world after a war is a good world, I told myself. A happy world. A secure world. In this world, I might do anything.
Cat Clarke, Entangled|God preordained, for his own glory and the display of His attributes of mercy and justice, a part of the human race, without any merit of their own, to eternal salvation, and another part, in just punishment of their sin, to eternal damnation.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|It took a while for her to figure out she could run but when she did she was long gone, Long gone..
Leah Rae Miller, The Summer I Became a Nerd|Dude, you know I'm not getting paid for this shit, which is probably against the law. Child labor going on right here in the heartland of America!-Dan Garrett
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Sometimes when we get so caught up in our dreams we get tunnel vision. It becomes about "me, me, me," and we fail to see those around us who need our help. When this happens we can expect to experience obstacles or as I like to call them, "gentle reminders" that we are not the center of the universe. When we are not using our talents and strengths to bless others, how can we expect the Lord to bless us?
Morris West|The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|As the philosopher John Stuart Mill wrote, "It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, are a different opinion, it is because they know only their own side of the question.
Ludwig von Mises, Omnipotent Government|Everyone, deep in their hears, is waiting for the end of the world to come.
George Pelecanos, Soul Circus|We get schooled by the people around us, and it stays inside us deep.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|It had been so silent in the wake of that commotion, a kind of potent silence that seemed to contain everything. The songs of the birds and the creak of the trees. The dying snow and the unseen gurgling water. The glimmering sun. The certain sky. The gun that didn't have a bullet in its chamber. And the mother. Always the mother. The one who would never come to me.
Mahatma Gandhi|Let the first act of every morning be to make the following resolve for the day:- I shall not fear anyone on Earth. - I shall fear only God. - I shall not bear ill will toward anyone. - I shall not submit to injustice from anyone. - I shall conquer untruth by truth. And in resisting untruth, I shall put up with all suffering.
Walter Gropius|To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.
Kelly Rossi, Dating the Wrong Men|Maybe I shouldn't scare off my date so quickly by shooting guns and telling stories about vomit, but, hey, the sooner he knows the real me, the better.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|I don’t want to let you go. Not now. Not ever.” While she said this, tears streamed out of her eyes. “I’m here with you. Always,” he murmured softly against her hair. “I love you, Ahmar. I love you so much,” she whispered.
Sunday Adelaja|If we do not desire to work in order to receive these things, God will be powerless to help us
Austin Grossman, You|I am stupid, am I not? What more can I want? If you ask them who is brave--who is true--who is just--who is it they would trust with their lives?--they would say, Tuan Jim. And yet they can never know the real, real truth....
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|That's what makes a tragedy a tragedy. There's no rhyme or reason to it, only heartbreak. The only thing you can do when the ground stops shaking and the waters recede is try to save whoever's left.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You – help - people. You are an expert in your field, who genuinely helps other human beings. Take pride in that, stop hawking your wares, and get a bit of respect for your profession, and earn some from your prospects.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Do not become someone else just because you are hurt. Be who you are & smile, it may solve, all problems you have got.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|Now, I'm not going to deny that I was aware of your beauty. But the point is, this has nothing to do with your beauty. As I got to know you, I began to realise that beauty was the least of your qualities. I became fascinated by your goodness. I was drawn in by it. I didn't understand what was happening to me. And it was only when I began to feel actual, physical pain every time you left the room that it finally dawned on me: I was in love, for the first time in my life. I knew it was hopeless, but that didn't matter to me. And it's not that I want to have you. All I want is to deserve you. Tell me what to do. Show me how to behave. I'll do anything you say.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|Tess, will you marry me?" Toby laughed.
Bonnie Hunt|I can't resist South Indian cuisine, particularly what is prepared at home. My mom is my favourite cook. She can cook a variety of cuisines. I savour her cooking at home, and she's undoubtedly the best.
Jane Green, The Sunshine Sisters|At first, sending the confession by real mail had felt like a genius device. I would not have to sit by my phone and watch for the signs that indicated it had been sent and seen. Slim but solid paper would, I hoped, convey me better. Now I had to consider the very real frailties of the system. Ludicrous, in fact, to entrust something of such magnitude to a mailman. A perfect stranger. I looked up stories of nefarious New York mailmen. There was one who has willfully upturned the lives of ordinary people like myself by hoarding 40,000 pieces of undelivered mail. The city was crawling with thieves and malcontents.
Joni Eareckson Tada, The God I Love: A Lifetime of Walking with Jesus|Joni discovered the best way to put the halter on her horse without being animal resisting and fleeing was to turn her back until he nuzzled up to her. At that point, she could slip the halter on. Just so, she surmises, sometimes God waits for us to turn our backs on what we desire most and to trust Him.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Whenever regulation increases, personal freedom decreases.
Jeff Ryan|Artistry, perhaps, is at its core being able to control change in interesting ways.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Outside there's a chill in the air that reminds me autumn is on the way, even though it's still only September. This time of year is my absolute favourite; the leaves start to turn golden and wither away after their summer of hard work, and the sun seems to shine a lot more clearly as the mist from the summer heat disappears. Everything just seems a little brighter and fresher--a clean slate. That's exactly what I need.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|My father insisted I eat red meat. 'You'll lose your brain without food,' he said. A meal to him without beef was starvation.
William Barclay|No matter what kind of challenges or difficulties or painful situations you go through in your life, we all have something deep within us that we can reach down and find the inner strength to get through them.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|He shot to his feet, faced off against her. "No more mercy for ye, Valkyrie." Holding nothing back, he launched a haymaker at her
Ron Franscell, The Sourtoe Cocktail Club: The Yukon Odyssey of a Father and Son in Search of a Mummified Human Toe ... and Everything Else|Some journeys take you farther from where you come from, but closer to where you belong.
Robert Fortune|I like solitary pursuits, such as reading or pottering about in the garden.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|This land on which so many centuries have left their mark is merely an obligatory retreat for you, whereas it has always been our dearest hope. Your too sudden passion is made up of spite and necessity.
Brenda El-Leithy, The Magnet 28 Day Challenge|We are beings of energy, and as such we are all perfect magnets - – attracting according to our personal energy vibration.
Nancy Woodruff, My Wife's Affair|(Georgie) Why is it that you always want to run after the one that goes off in a huff, and push away the one who is clinging to you?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Don’t participate or allow yourself to be dragged into other people’s dramas, complaints, or gossip.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|Phew. I thought I was going to have to slay a few dragons for you while I was here.”	“I’m no damsel in distress, Your Highness. I can take care of myself.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|His ear heard more than what was said to him, and his slow speech had overtones not of thought, but of understanding beyond thought.
Manoj Vaz|In life, I have learnt that the more I learnt about life, the sadder I became and the sadder I became the desire to learn about life increased.
Jenna Maclaine, Bound By Sin|There is darkness inside all of us, though mine is more dangerous than most. Still, we all have it—that part of our soul that is irreparably damaged by the very trials and tribulations of life. We are what we are because of it, or perhaps in spite of it. Some useit as a shield to hide behind, others as an excuse to do unconscionable things. But, truly, the darkness is simply a piece of the whole, neither good nor evil unless you make it so. Ittook a witch, a war, and a voodoo queen to teach me that.
John Burnside, A Summer of Drowning|All you have to do is choose the right day, the right weather, and you come upon a hidden place in the morning light where time stopped long before you were born
Lauren Rachelle|In the society of would-be-gods, a humble man is always polite.
Ezra Pound|The Garden En robe de parade. - SamainLike a skein of loose silk blown against a wallShe walks by the railing of a path in Kensington Gardens,And she is dying piece-mealof a sort of emotional anaemia.And round about there is a rabbleOf the filthy, sturdy, unkillable infants of the very poor.They shall inherit the earth.In her is the end of breeding.Her boredom is exquisite and excessive.She would like some one to speak to her,And is almost afraid that I will commit that indiscretion.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Failures make character, not success.
Niecy Nash|To me, stretching the capabilities of my imagination is a crucial aspect of writing fiction; you could think of it as a mental form of athleticism.
Gregory of Nyssa|The biblical account of Noah's Ark and the Flood is perhaps the most implausible story for fundamentalists to defend. Where, for example, while loading his ark, did Noah find penguins and polar bears in Palestine?
Paul Zweig, Eternity's Woods|Gradually, we have become each other's weather.
J. Kenner, Complete Me|Because I was there that day, and so were you.
Goldie Hawn|I've actually always wanted to write like a one-person show that was sort of a romantic comedy - a show that was kind of cynical about romance and marriage but ultimately embraced it. Because I feel like comedy is always cynical, inherently, because it's contrarian.
Friedrich Nietzsche|No matter how devastating our struggles, disappointments, and troubles are, they are only temporary. No matter what happens to you, no matter the depth of tragedy or pain you face, no matter how death stalks you and your loved ones, the Resurrection promises you a future of immeasurable good.
Don Lee, The Collective|We do not disappear without a trace. We leave a wake that never quite disappears, a gash in time that we so laboriously leave behind us.
Rae Earl, My Mad Fat Diary|Although the terminology implies scientific endorsement, false memory syndrome is not currently an accepted diagnostic label by the APA and is not included in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (4th ed.; American Psychiatric Association, 1994). Seventeen researchers (Carstensen et al., 1993) noted that this syndrome is a "non-psychological term originated by a private foundation whose stated purpose is to support accused parents" (p.23). Those authors urged professionals to forgo use of this pseudoscientific terminology. Terminology implies acceptance of this pseudodiagnostic label may leave readers with the mistaken impression that false memory syndrome is a bona fide clinical disorder supported by concomitant empirical evidence.(85)...... it may be easier to imagine women forming false memories given biases against women's mental and cognitive abilities (e.g., Coltrane & Adams, 1996). 86
Louise Erdrich, The Painted Drum|Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won’t either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up.
Nelson M. Lubao|It is the vice of the journalist, I once wrote, to think that history can always be reduced to experience, and of the scholar to think that experience can always be reduced to history. History and experience are far more frequently out of sync, or running on parallel tracks.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|There is only one reason that you ever fail at anything...and that is because you eventually change your mind. That's it!...anything and everything you have ever decided to do, you have succeeded, or will succeed, at doing.
Joseph Fink|...their relationship was a point of near-constant discussion in Night Vale, all of their imperfections and faults, which made them individuals worth loving. They had built those faults into the usual messy, comfortable, patched-up, beautiful structure that any functioning long-term relationship ended up being.
Zoey Deutch|Without humor, I cannot go on and I doubt many of my readers would go on either. Humor is so important. I am here to have fun here with my work.
Charles Stanley|If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought.
Robert Lanza|Science cannot tell theology how to construct a doctrine of creation, but you can't construct a doctrine of creation without taking account of the age of the universe and the evolutionary character of cosmic history.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Many writers write because they’ve been there, seen that, did it and burnt their fingers
Shannon L. Alder|If you can’t dream big, you will never see the vivid colors of probability over the darkness of possibility.
Apolo Ohno|If you're not willing to work, you're never going to be able to experience the American Dream.
Ben Bernanke|Being a native of Spain, the country to which I owe much of my education and cultural background, I was deeply influenced by my great predecessor Santiago Ramon y Cajal.
Alfredo Véa|Anecdotal tales of combat are meaningless to Americans, we absorb tales of violence like a sponge. Mythological violence is second nature to us. The real thing is not. War begins long before battle. It begins when we are boys longing for the initiation rite of the warrior and everything it promises: sexual prowess and sexual license. War lasts long after the last bullet is fired; into old age and death we go carrying a secret knowledge that no one wants to know about. War is the opposite of sexual prowess. War is desire stripped of humanity.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I’m not going anywhere until you hear me out.”Oh, please no. Anything except having to listen to her lecture. I push the button that calls the 
Jennifer E. Smith, Windfall|Didn’t anyone ask you where your parents are?""They asked. Especially about my parents.""What did you tell them?""I said I ate them.""Jesus, Rosa.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|I've never fully understood how Christianity became quite so tame and respectable, given its origins among drunkards, prostitutes, and tax collectors....Jesus could have hung out in the high-end religious scene of his day, but instead he scoffed at all that, choosing instead to laugh at the powerful, befriend whores, kiss sinners, and eat with all the wrong people. He spent his time with people for whom life was not easy. And there, amid those who were suffering, he was the embodiment of perfect love.
Robert Charles Wilson, Burning Paradise|Violence is the great attractor of human history, Dr. Iverson. A force almost as irresistible as gravity.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|To want something desperately, to be tested, to feel that life will be impossible if the object of one's desires is not achieved, is always dangerous for the soul. Some people attempt to climb Everest because, as they say, it is there; others want nothing but wealth and care little how or where they collect it; others still, with less avaricious tastes - perhaps desiring nothing more than freedom from fear - are blinded by the same personal sun that shines on all human ambition. At some time or another it burns most of us.
Jennifer Block, Pushed: The Painful Truth About Childbirth and Modern Maternity Care|Yes, contractions can be intense,' Noura continues. 'But your bodies are designed to handle it. And what you must remember is, it's a positive pain. I'm sure you'll both agree?' She looks over at Mum and Janice.POSITIVE?' Janice looks up, horrified. 'Ooh, no, dear. Mine was agony. 24 hours in the cruel summer heat. I wouldn't wish it on any of you poor girls.'But there are natural methods you can use,' Noura puts in quickly. 'I'm sure you found that rocking and changing position helped with the contractions.I wouldn't have said so,' Mum says kindly.Or a warm bath?' Noura suggets, smile tightening.A bath? Dear, when you're gripped by agony and wanting to die, a bath doesn't really help!'As I glance around the room I can see that all the girls' faces have frozen. Most of the mens' too.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|Depression can be due to a low endocrine function, nutritional deficiencies, blood sugar problems, food allergies, or systemic yeast infection. Depression can also result from medical illnesses such as stroke, heart attack, cancer, Parkinson's disease, and hormonal disorder. It can also be caused by a serious loss, a difficult relationship, a financial problem, or any stressful, unwelcome life change.
Plato, The Republic|... when someone sees a soul disturbed and unable to see something, he won't laugh mindlessly, but he'll take into consideration whether it has come from a brighter life and is dimmed through not having yet become accustomed to the dark or whether it has come from greater ignorance into greater light and is dazzled by the increased brillance.
Ben Affleck|Music in movies is all about dissonance and consonance, tension and release.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|This paying attention is the foundational act of empathy, of listening, of seeing, of imagining experiences other than one's own, of getting out of the boundaries of one's own experience. There's a currently popular argument that books help us feel empathy, but if they do so they do it by helping us imagine that we are people we are not. Or to go deeper within ourselves, to be more aware of what it means to be heartbroken, or ill, or six, or ninety-six, or completely lost. Not just versions of our self rendered awesome and eternally justified and always right, living in a world in which other people only exist to help reinforce our magnificence, though those kinds of books and movies exist in abundance to cater to the male imagination. Which is a reminder that literature and art can also help us fail at empathy if it sequesters us in the Big Old Fortress of Magnificent Me.
Steven J. Charbonneau, Lust for Inca Gold|Writing is not only a reflection of what one thinks and feels but a rope one weaves with words that can lower you below or hoist you above the surface of your life, enabling you to go deeper or higher than you would otherwise go. What excites me about his metaphor is that is makes writing much more than a lifesaving venture.
Noah Levine, Refuge Recovery: A Buddhist Path to Recovering from Addiction|It’s said that the Buddha’s enlightenment is great than that of a traveler setting out, in the same proportion as the heavens are bigger than what can be seen of them through the eye of a needle. But in both cases, what you see is the sky.
Stephen Richards|We tend to think of future inventions and discoveries, but in reality, these things already exist in the knowledge bank of the universe.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The words on my heart are love, faith and hope.
Sneha Ameya|Following a trend is useful, until you start alienating the original. The last thing we want is to live in a world where everything is the same. Originality and individuality is key.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|As soon as a woman's primary social value could no longer be defined as the attainment of virtuous domesticity, the beauty myth redefined it as the attainment of virtuous beauty. It did so to substitute both a new consumer imperative and a new justification for economic unfairness in the workplace where the old ones had lost their hold over newly liberated women.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Forget being a bad failure, use Cosmic Ordering and be good at success.
kurbhatt|What a person want in life ?1. Simple, steady life.2. Self satisfaction and craziness from work and life he live.3. Luxury/Royal life.Choice is yours, in which way you want to live.
Os Guinness|When you have a country that's been accustomed to government spending at a certain level, it is really hard to ratchet it back.
Cybill Shepherd|Taking notes at a pub in Salisbury, I was mistaken for a health inspector!
Chris Pratt|Vinyl is the real deal. I've always felt like, until you buy the vinyl record, you don't really own the album. And it's not just me or a little pet thing or some kind of retro romantic thing from the past. It is still alive.
John Burnham Schwartz, Northwest Corner|There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.
Ken Ilgunas|We have trains to hop, voyages to embark on, and rides to hitch. And then there’s the great American wild—vanishing but still there—ready to impart its wisdom from an Alaskan peak or a patch of grass growing in a crack of a city sidewalk. And no matter how much sprawl and civilization overtake our wilds, we’ll always have the boundless wildlands in ourselves to explore.
Mara Dabrishus, Stay the Distance|Vacations in my family are rare events squeezed between races. I can count them on one hand, and even those amount to only a few hours each. Shopping in Los Angeles. Sinking my toes into snow white sand in Florida. They are tiny slips of memory strung around horses.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A predetermined destiny does not exist; when a man is born, his life is open to all the possibilities; in other words, potentially, man has infinitely different destinies! All destinies are his probable destiny!
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|Thinking about something is like picking up a stone when taking a walk, either while skipping rocks on the beach, for example, or looking for a way to shatter the glass doors of a museum. When you think about something, it adds a bit of weight to your walk, and as you think about more and more things you are liable to feel heavier and heavier, until you are so burdened you cannot take any further steps, and can only sit and stare at the gentle movements of the ocean waves or security guards, thinking too hard bout too many things to do anything else.
Susan Hayward|Communism possesses a language which every people can understand - its elements are hunger, envy, and death.
J. Donald Walters|If we do not change our negative habits toward climate change, we can count on worldwide disruptions in food production, resulting in mass migration, refugee crises and increased conflict over scarce natural resources like water and farm land. This is a recipe for major security problems.
Peter   Atkins|After that [father's death] I never cried with any real conviction, nor expected much of anyone's God except indifference, nor loved deeply without fear that it would cost me dearly in pain. At the age of five I had become a skeptic and began to sense that any happiness that came my way might be the prelude to some grim cosmic joke.
Robert S. Boynton|As the final computerized decade of the twentieth century came into view, time itself seemed to speed up and compress into smaller and smaller bytes, leaving less and less time over the breakfast table to ruminate on the fascinating aboriginal lore from the Australian outback or on the clandestine Israeli airlift of Ethiopian Jews out of southern Sudan. Readers preferred news that affected their own lives and they wanted it now. Leisure time was a luxury that fewer and fewer times subscribers enjoyed.
Mary Elizabeth Braddon, Lady Audley's Secret|. . . when the horror of his grief was new to him, and every object in life, however trifling or however important, seem saturated with his one great sorrow.
Steven Wright|If warm air rises, Heaven could be hotter than Hell.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|Existence was not only absurd, it was plain hard work. Think of how many times you put on your underwear in a lifetime. It was appalling, it was disgusting, it was stupid.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Once our souls collided and caught fire, there was no turning back. Love is a collision of two stars -- it's as simple and as complicated as that.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you meet opportunity face to face, there will come all shouts; some are meant to make you miss the chance while others are encouragements from people who are ready to celebrate your winning goal! Whatever it is, you got to strike irrespective of who says what!
Eckhart Tolle|When you no longer perceive the world as hostile, there is no more fear, and when there is no more fear, you think, speak and act differently.
Rhonda Louise Robbins|Not only is forgiveness the most tender part of love, it is always a choice and always accompanied by unconditional love. May you always be forgiving,kind and gracious, especially when others are undeserving.
George Weah|Now for my own case, I bless the Lord that, for all that hath been said of me, my conscience doth not condemn me. I do not say I am free of sin, but I am at peace with God through a slain Mediator; and I believe that there is no salvation but only in Christ.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Transformation|What is there so fearful as the expectation of evil tidings delayed? ... Misery is a more welcome visitant when she comes in her darkest guise and wraps us in perpetual black, for then the heart no longer sickens with disappointed hope.- The Evil Eye
Alber Elbaz|What I've learned from different designers is that it's key to be true to who you are and your vision. That's always been my line of thinking. Working through the whole design process, I don't want to create something I wouldn't be proud to wear.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Find the things that matter, and hold on to them, and fight for them, and refuse to let them go.
J. Yates|i also say you can tell your true friends, by the ones who put a bucket by your bed when your drunk and going to be sick - (my quote - so proud)
Sherman Alexie, Indian Killer|Marie felt a sudden urge to smash the glass, break down the door, pull down the building. She wanted to tear apart the world. Mather would have never treated a white student that badly, nor would he have shut the door in the face of a man. At that moment, she wanted Dr. Mather to disappear. She wanted every white man to disappear. She wanted to burn them all down to ash and feast on their smoke. Hateful, powerful thoughts. She wondered what those hateful, powerful thoughts could create.
R.J. Gonzales, Mundahlia|I saw that he was looking anxious.'I thought you weren't coming.' As he spoke, he grasped my hand. And if the sight of him had not quite restored the magic, the touch of him most certainly did. 'You're not wishing yourself some place else, Mary?
H.P. Lovecraft|I shall never be very merry or very sad, for I am more prone to analyse than to feel.
Walt Whitman|Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, when I give I give myself.
Abhysheq Shukla, KARMA|We do not recognize that we are addicted to some negative psychological habit, some terribly self-destructive patterns of thinking...
Valentine Glass, Between Kay and You: A Bisexual Girl's Cumming-of-Age Confession|I have learned that many of us simply “See”, .........we hardly “Observe
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life changes therefore think of change when change is a must. Change such things which you have to change when you have to change things for the longer you think of changing things, the more things keep changing. The best tomorrow is today! Be swift and think of change!
Mary Crocker Cook, Afraid to Let Go. for Parents of Adult Addicts and Alcoholics|What is success, after all, but doing what you really want to do?
Ian Tinny, Drug Detection Dog Training: Libertarian Lawyers Fight Police State USA|Within a diverse swarm of individuals and small groups, resistance can be anywhere and anytime; everywhere and all the time.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|We are on strike, we, the men of the mind.We are on strike against self-immolation. We are on strike against the creed of unearned rewards and unrewarded duties. We are on strike against the dogma that the pursuit of one's happiness is evil. We are on strike against the doctrine that life is guilt.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|Okay, you’re older. Not much, really. And considering you love staying in shape and I refuse to run, we’ll probably get all old and crippled at the same time. If not, then I’ll learn to use a cane, and I’ll get to beat on your ass for a change.
Lucy De Barbin and Dary Matera, Are You Lonesome Tonight? The Untold Story of Elvis Presley's One True Love and the Child He Never Knew|If a woman is given only a limited amount of time to spend with the man she loves, she endures the separation by constantly recalling and reliving every moment down to the finest detail.
Amelia Earhart|Now and then women should do for themselves what men have already done—occasionally what men have not done—thereby establishing themselves as persons, and perhaps encouraging other women toward greater independence of thought and action.
Deyth Banger|How can you find answers, if you do not ask questions?
P. J. O'Rourke|My dad died when I was young; my mom remarried with more haste than sense to a fellow... he wasn't evil or anything, but he was worthless.
Dave Mountain, Timewaste|Christians are free to serve and obey God since they are loved, justified, redeemed, reconciled, forgiven, saved, and sustained to the end!
Melody  Lee|I understood the ominous sky because it was so much like you, and I was the sun always willing to burn for our love.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Brag about their accomplishments in front of others:For years, I have shared that the definition of a good friend is someone who says nice things about you behind your back. And the definition of a GREAT friend is someone who says GREAT things to others in front of you. One of the kindest things a husband or wife can do for their relationships is to brag about their partner’s qualities to other people.
William Shakespeare|O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father refuse thy name, thou art thyself thou not a montegue, what is montegue? tis nor hand nor foot nor any other part belonging to a man What is in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, So Romeo would were he not Romeo called retain such dear perfection to which he owes without that title, Romeo, Doth thy name! And for that name which is no part of thee, take all thyself.
Karen Santorum, Bella's Gift: How One Little Girl Transformed Our Family and Inspired a Nation|No one escapes suffering. Everyone goes through tough times. Suffering is a part of our human condition and cannot be avoided. Setbacks, failures, pain, suffering, and hardships are all a part of life, but whether we are able to find peace within the storm depends on our resilience and perseverance. Whenever one of our children tells us that they don’t want to fail at something, we remind them that there will be times in their life when they will fail, but it’s how they come through it that matters. If we choose to focus on the negative, the failure itself, the darkness will oppress and consume us. Eventually it will destroy a person. We need to embrace the fact that we’re human and our lives will be filled with suffering and hardship, but we have the ultimate hope and victory in Our Lord.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Just remember this, Missy, escargot ain't nothin' but snails with their noses stuck in the air.
Lina Dimitrova|People don't get to choose their family, but if you have the family you would choose - that's happiness.
Sherilyn Fenn|It's really important, whether you're a conservative or a liberal, to always challenge the conventional wisdom, which is what I've tried to do in all my work.
Haidji, SG - Suicide Game|You say good-bye, and you think you'll be free. But I'll be awaiting you, in your final destiny.
Robert Harris, Conspirata|...he possessed for attractive form of courage: bravery of a nervous man. After all, any rash fool can be a hero if he sets no value on his life or hasn't the wit to appreciate the danger. But to understand the risks, perhaps even to flinch at first, but then summon the strength to face them down--that is my opinion is the most commendable for of value...
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you search enough, you will find.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|What she did not know, and would never have believed, was that though her soul seemed to have been grown over with an impenetrable layer of mould, some delicate blades of grass, young and tender, were already pushing their way upwards, destined to take root and send out living shoots so effectively that her all-consuming grief would soon be lost and forgotten. The wound was healing from inside.
Rainn Wilson|If it’s a pure expression of yourself no matter what it is or what medium, it’s going to shine. It’s going to resonate. You could look inside of yourself and you could have a canvas and you could paint a dot in it, but if that is where your creative purpose is taking you then it needs to be that dot.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The last class of my old professor's life took place once a week in his house, by a window in the study where he could watch a small hibiscus plant shed its pink leaves.
Mayra hornbacher|Not to pry, but would you say you sleep with a lot of people? More than you mean to? Some-times it feels like you don’t want to but can’t stop?” for as long as I can remember. I can’t being to count the beds, the nights when it felt easier just to close my eyes and take it, than to get myself home.
Daniel Bruhl|It's like saying French shouldn't be taught because you don't understand it because it's new. Shakespeare is just like learning a new, exciting language.
M. Scott Peck, People of the Lie: The Hope for Healing Human Evil|Governments will rise, and governments will fall, and man will do evil to man, and all we can do is turn our hearts to good.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|If you work your hardest and you do your best, then the rest is not in your control, but in God's Hands.
Desmond Tutu|I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do, because I notice it always coincides with their own desires.
Ratish Edwards|It was absolutely not a dream, it could be a glimpse of near future or an insight into the parallel universe we will in or it could simply be a world created by my unconscious brain where I actually fit in. But no matter what, we were together and that's enough.
Theodore Melfi|Questions and answers is a big space, and there are lots of possible systems that you can create for different goals.
Janna Levin, How the Universe Got Its Spots: Diary of a Finite Time in a Finite Space|I don't believe that math and nature respond to democracy. Just because very clever people have rejected the role of the infinite, their collective opinions, however weighty, won't persuade mother nature to alter her ways. Nature is never wrong.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|He looked up at her. Kindness was something he didn't even know he wanted, and here it was.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Perhaps she wasn't ill at all in the end, but simply more revealed.
Tushar Upreti, The Days Of Childhood|You will ask me, after this, why, I didn't tell you this before. It is because I know how powerful a story can be. It can change the course of history. It can save a life. But it can also be a sinkhole, a quicksand in which you become stuck, unable to write yourself free.
Steven Erikson|I like a look of agony, because I know it's true
Karishma Magvani|If you've never gotten your heart broken, you've not used it well.
Myles Hickmond|To take a leap, you must hope not to fall.
Elizabeth Norris, Unraveling|Time is the worst place, so to speak, to get lost in, as Arthur Dent could testify, having been lost in both time and space a good deal. At least being lost in space kept you busy.
Mark Twain|I've learned that fear limits you and your vision. It serves as blinders to what may be just a few steps down the road for you. The journey is valuable, but believing in your talents, your abilities, and your self-worth can empower you to walk down an even brighter path. Transforming fear into freedom - how great is that?
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I know a lot about birds and bees, but I don't know very much about the birds and the bees. Everything I do know I had to teach myself on the Internet, because I don't have anyone to ask. For example, I know that you give someone a blowjob by putting your penis in their mouth.
Kevin Hearne|Turns out that once you kill a god, people want to talk to you. Paranormal insurance salesmen with special "godslayer" term life policies. Charlatan's with "godproof" armor and extraplanar safe houses for rent. But most notably, other gods...
Alexander Gordon Smith, The Night Children|He had decided that if he ever returned to his old job he would create a special level of hell, an enormous inescapable shop of attractive but useless and overpriced items that the damned would wander for eternity in the cold delusion that this was what they wanted. And then Nerys had taken him to IKEA and Clovenhoof realised the humans had once again beaten him to it.
Mort Sahl|As an actor, I'm attracted to drama; as a director, it's humor - because it's the story of my life, and I can't be that serious about it. Being alone is a big theme in all my movies, both as a director and as an actress.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|We dragged Linc along. His current honey is working tonight.""Still the intern?""Yeah." Helen sat on the curvy velvet chaise, made herself at home. "I'm starting to think he'sgetting serious about her.""And?""I don't know. She's a nice girl, raised well. Focused, which he could use, and independent,which I appreciate.""But he's your baby.""But he's my baby," Helen agreed. "I miss the little boy sometimes, with the scabbed knees andloose shoelaces. Still see him in that tall, gorgeous lawyer in the three-piece suit that strolls in andout of my life now. And Jesus,
Reuben Gold Thwaites, The Jesuit relations and allied documents [microform]: travels and explorations of the Jesuit missionaries in New France, 1610-1791|I was not extremely patriotic about Mother Russia. I played their game, pretending. You have to deal with, you know, party people, KGB. Horrifying.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|Transcending class distinctions, the speaker [Stalin] portrays the relation between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat as a mere division of labor. The workers and soldiers achieve the revolution, Guchkov and Miliukov “fortify” it.[…] This superintendent’s approach to the historical process is exactly characteristic of the leaders of Menshevism, this handing out of instructions to various classes and then patronizingly criticizing their fulfillment.
James Robertson, And the Land Lay Still|Our ability to look back on the past, our need or desire to make sense of it, is both a blessing and a curse; and our inability to see into the future with any degree of accuracy is, simultaneously, the thing that saves us and the thing that condemns us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Grief turns us inward, but compassion turns us outward, and that’s what we need when grief threatens to crush us. The Bible says, “Carry each other’s burdens” [Galatians 6:2 NIV].
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|I had a dream that I saw shooting stars with you. Two things that will come close to never happening: Seeing shooting stars, and being with you.
Joselle Anne Gayanes|I know she's just trying to protect me, just as I was to protect myself a few short weeks ago, but her words make me aware that the heart in my chest is a muscles like any other. It can hurt.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|You have to do what feels right for you. Do not let anyone influence you otherwise. It is your mind, your heart, and your own internal wisdom that will lead you in the direction you need to go.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|From the Bridge”Celebrating “La Navidad Cubana”Before the fall of Batista, Cuba was considered to be a staunch Catholic Nation. As in other Christian countries, Christmas was considered a religious holiday. In 1962, a few years after the revolution, Cuba became an atheist country by government decree. Then In 1969, Fidel Castro thinking that Christmas was interfering with the production of sugar cane, totally removed the holiday from the official calendar. Of course Christmas was still celebrated by Cubans in exile, many of whom live in South Florida and Union City, NJ. However it was still was celebrated clandestinely in a subdued way on the island. It was said, if it is to believed, that part of the reason for this was due to the fact that Christmas trees do not grow in Cuba. Now that Christianity and Christmas have both been reestablished by the government, primarily due to the Pope’s visits to Cuba, Christmas as a holiday has been reinstated.Many Christmas traditions have been lost over the past five decades and are still not observed in Cuba, although the Cuban Christmas feast is highlighted by a festive “Pig Roast,” called the “Cena de Navidad” or Christmas dinner. Where possible, the dinner includes Roast Pork done on a spit, beans, plantains, rice and “mojo” which is a type of marinade with onions, garlic, and sour orange. Being a special event, some Cubans delight in serving the roasted pork, in fancier ways than others. Desserts like sweet potatos, “turrones” or nougats, “buñuelos” or fritters, as well as readily available tropical fruits and nuts hazelnuts, guava and coconuts, are very common at most Christmas dinners. Beverages such as the “Mojito” a drink made of rum, sugar cane juice, lime, carbonated water and mint, is the main alcoholic drink for the evening, although traditionally the Christmas dinner should be concluded by drinking wine. This grand Christmas dinner is considered a special annual occasion, for families and friends to join together. Following this glorious meal, many Cubans will attend Misa de Gallo or mass of the rooster, which is held in most Catholic churches at midnight. The real reason for Christmas in Cuba, as elsewhere, is to celebrate the birth of Christ. Churches and some Cuban families once again, display manger scenes. Traditionally, children receive presents from the Three Wise Men and not from Santa Claus or the parents. Epiphany or “Three King’s Day,” falls on January 6th. Christmas in Cuba has become more festive but is not yet the same as it used to be. Although Christmas day is again considered a legal holiday in Cuba, children still have to attend school on this holiday and stores, restaurants and markets stay open for regular business. Christmas trees and decorations are usually only displayed at upscale hotels and resorts.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I am thankful to my physical existence on planet earth, that I completed my literary work from whatever mind I had left, before becoming mindless nonphysical.
Sara Winters, See Right Through|Be more gay, I beseech you!
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|I delete the picture of him from my phone; I delete his number. I think that if I just delete him enough, it will be like none of it ever happened and my heart won't hurt so badly
