C. JoyBell C.|To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Jeanette Coron|When your destiny is calling, answer The call.
Bill Maris|When you start fooling around with drugs, you're hurting your creativity, you're hurting your health. Drugs are death, in one form or another. If they don't kill you, they kill your soul. And if your soul's dead, you've got nothing to offer, anyway.
David Wellington, Monster Island|Jett Gallatin expected trouble in Alsop, Texas—but not zombies.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|With clothing being designed that allows you to be hugged virtually, video conferencing becoming ever sharper, and our social and romantic lives increasingly taking place online, the gap between the physical and the virtual is getting ever smaller.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|And I suppose you know who Magnus’ father is?” Luke said.“I paid a lot of money once to find it out,” Raphael said.
Bono|As mayor, I got used to the fact that when you walked out of the house in the morning to pick up the newspaper in your boxers, there could be a camera there.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|They believe themselves Lucifer's equals, Cain, all these pitiful little gnats. But there is only one that we have ever owned to be our superior. There is but one greater than us, and to him... to him we no longer speak.
Andulairah, Eyes Of The Scarlet Rose|Your heart is the compass, Your soul is the journey...
Lloyd Alexander|To be an effective criminal defense counsel, an attorney must be prepared to be demanding, outrageous, irreverent, blasphemous, a rogue, a renegade, and a hated, isolated, and lonely person - few love a spokesman for the despised and the damned.
Bo Burnham|The scientists I looked up to at the beginning were not Latino. They were famous scientists of many years ago, like Madame Curie. Later, I realized that there were also, but a very few, Latino scientists. There were good ones, but very few, because there wasn't as much a tradition to be a scientist in our culture. But this is changing.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Time is quixotic because it can torment us. When we have insufficient stimulus to fill our lives, we resent the relentless quality of time, and we engage in activities designed to “kill time.” Time that passes slowly creates insufferable boredom; time that passes to quickly makes us aware of our accelerated death march. A person’s perspective on time depends mostly on what they are most afraid of, boredom or death.
Jane  Ward, Not Gay: Sex between Straight White Men|Explanations of straight men's homosexual behavior take the awkwardness, shame, and ambivalence attached to these encounters as evidence of discordance between self and behavior, forgetting that these affectations characterize the terrain of sexuality more broadly. For example, among the many costs of sexism is that sex is often utterly scripted and unsatisfying for straight women, and yet straight women's sexual dissatisfaction is rarely taken as evidence that they are acting out of accordance with their heterosexual orientation.
Sunidhi Chauhan|To the lover of wilderness, Alaska is one of the most wonderful countries in the world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When Jesus was tempted, He didn’t debate the devil. He quoted Scripture: “It is written . . . It is written . . . It is written” (Matthew 4:4–10 NKJV). And each time the devil was defeated.
Mark Doty, Dog Years|However much grief I carried, I liked the way my life was tending, these bright new directions. It's only human, to mourn and to reach toward forwardness at once.
Susan Cain|I think our society is all about judgment, which is so rude and disrespectful.
Jane Austen, Lady Susan, The Watsons, Sanditon|Nobody could catch cold by the sea; nobody wanted appetite by the sea; nobody wanted spirits; nobody wanted strength. Sea air was healing, softening, relaxing -- fortifying and bracing -- seemingly just as was wanted -- sometimes one, sometimes the other. If the sea breeze failed, the seabath was the certain corrective; and where bathing disagreed, the sea air alone was evidently designed by nature for the cure.
Nick Cave|I think that romance sort of coincides with effort, so you can fall flat on your face, but as long as you're making a great effort, I think it comes off as romantic. So it can be something as simple as, like, if you're someone who doesn't cook, you can make a meal.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Our best friend and our worst enemy reside within us. Unfortunately, most of us access the latter far more often than the former.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you there? If your mind is not there, you are not there! You are wherever your mind is wandering!
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|As a kid, I imagined lots of different scenarios for my life. I would be an astronaut. Maybe a cartoonist. A famous explorer or rock star. Never once did I see myself standing under the window of a house belonging to some druggie named Carbine, waiting for his yard gnome to steal his stash so I could get a cab back to a cheap motel where my friend, a neurotic, death-obsessed dwarf, was waiting for me so we could get on the road to an undefined place and a mysterious Dr. X, who would cure me of mad cow disease and stop a band of dark energy from destroying the universe.
Rusty Fischer, Becca Bloom and the Drumsticks of Doom: A Heavy Metal Love Story|If I've got a Dad, and his name is Wormwood Rot, and he's in some heavy metal rock band called Grave Dirt . . . then I'm definitely meeting him!She stares at me awkwardly, and I'm about to ask again—maybe even insist—when she says, "Honey, why do you think he's on the news? Wormwood, I mean . . . your father? Becca, he's . . . dead.
Yami Gautam|I have never taken any exercise, except sleeping and resting, and I never intend to take any.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|We're angry about this, upset about that, but who has the time to do anything anymore? There are those reports to report on, memos to remember, e-mails to deflect or delete. They bury us like snow.
Kaiden Blake, Before Ever After|To encourage me is to believe in me, which gives me the power to defeat dragons.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Writers understand the world better, but they lack the strength to change it. Perhaps that is so because they understand their limitations more than others.
Thomas S. Monson|Every year on my birthday, I start a new playlist titled after my current age so I can keep track of my favorite songs of the year as a sort of musical diary because I am a teenage girl.
Timothy J. Keller|THE HOST is riding from Knocknarea And over the grave of Clooth-na-bare; Caolte tossing his burning hair And Niamh calling Away, come away: Empty your heart of its mortal dream. The winds awaken, the leaves whirl round, Our cheeks are pale, our hair is unbound, Our breasts are heaving, our eyes are a-gleam, Our arms are waving, our lips are apart; And if any gaze on our rushing band, We come between him and the deed of his hand, We come between him and the hope of his heart. The host is rushing ’twixt night and day, And where is there hope or deed as fair? Caolte tossing his burning hair, And Niamh calling Away, come away
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Renegade|every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing
Stella Young|I hate leaving home. I love what I do, but I'd love to go home every night.
Sunday Adelaja|There is a light at the end of the tunnel, but it begins with you. You have the power to take the first step toward a better future.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|He was rebuilt, reconstituted by vengeance dressed up as high purpose.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Stuart needs "space" and "time," as if this were physics and not a human relationship.
Edward Abbey|A writer must be hard to live with: when not working he is miserable, and when he is working he is obsessed. Or so it is with me. Thus my writing life consists of spells of languor alternating with fits and spasms of mad typing. At all times, though, I keep a journal, a record book, and most everything begins in the form of notes scribbled down on the pages of that journal.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Behavior has consequences, and stupid behavior often has terrible consequences.
Frédéric Bastiat|Which countries contain the most peaceful, the most moral, and the happiest people? Those people are found in the countries where the law least interferes with private affairs; where government is least felt; where the individual has the greatest scope, and free opinion the greatest influence; where administrative powers are fewest and simplest; where taxes are lightest and most nearly equal, and popular discontent the least excited and the least justifiable; where individuals and groups most actively assume their responsibilities, and, consequently, where the morals of admittedly imperfect human beings are constantly improving; where trade, assemblies, and associations are the least restricted; where labor, capital, and populations suffer the fewest forced displacements; where mankind most nearly follows its own natural inclinations; where the inventions of men are most nearly in harmony with the laws of God; in short, the happiest, most moral, and most peaceful people are those who most nearly follow this principle: Although mankind is not perfect, still, all hope rests upon the free and voluntary actions of persons within the limits of right; law or force is to be used for nothing except the administration of universal justice.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|You didn't need a college degree to become one of the people who knew what was really going on. If you paid attention, you could pick things up on your own.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I wonder where you got that idea from? I mean, the idea that it's feeble to change your mind once it's made up. That's a wrong idea, you know. Make up your mind about things, by all means - but if something happens to show that you are wrong, then it is feeble not to change your mind, Elizabeth. Only the strongest people have the pluck to change their minds, and say so, if they see they have been wrong in their ideas.
André Maurois|I'm supposed to be a christian, but most days I don't feel like I can even presume to say that about myself any longer. I have a lot of mad left over. When I can't sleep, I think about the other people who didn't care how much pain and trouble they caused me. And I think about how good I'd feel if they died.
Neil Strauss, The Truth: An Uncomfortable Book About Relationships|Many women think that if they put out too quickly, their partner won't respect them. This is not the case. It's not about waiting for a certain quantity of time before having sex, it's about waiting for a certain quality of connection.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation.
Leo Tolstoy|Mento mori—remember death! These are important words. If we kept in mind that we will soon inevitably die, our lives would be completely different. If a person knows that he will die in a half hour, he certainly will not bother doing trivial, stupid, or, especially, bad things during this half hour. Perhaps you have half a century before you die—what makes this any different from a half hour?
Katherine Arden|It is easy to die,' replied the bannik. 'Harder to live.
John Green, Paper Towns|Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will. But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all
Prashant Chopra, The Eyes that drowned Uyuni|Sometimes letting go is the hardest thing imaginable, yet holding on is even harder.
William Lane Craig|Science, as long as it limits itself to the descriptive study of the laws of nature, has no moral or ethical quality and this applies to the physical as well as the biological sciences.
Antonia Fraser|Our age has need of violence," he writes. And he is violence.
John Naisbitt|Early on in my life, I had a broken soul. I was abused by my father, abandoned by my mother and ended up in a destructive first marriage. By the time I was 23, I was broken in my soul. I didn't know how to think right. I felt wrong about everything. But God stepped into my life, and I came out on the other side and didn't even smell like smoke.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|People like you are the reason this album needed to be written in the first place. When you’ve got your salary, and your cosy little ivory tower, you’re dead happy to spout off about artistic integrity and us getting there together. But the minute you’re asked to back your promises up with some strength of character, you come apart. You say you love good music, but you can’t listen to it that carefully if you treat people like this.
Gina Raimondo|A strong intuition is much more powerful than a weal test. Normals teach us rules; outliers teach us laws. For every perfect medical experiment, there is a perfect human bias.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|These hotels are not consoling places. Far from it. Any number of people had hung up their hats on those pegs. Even the flies, if you thought of it, had settled on other people’s noses. As for the cleanliness which hit him in the face, it wasn’t cleanliness, so much as bareness, frigidity; a thing that had to be.
Julius Caesar|The first and most imperative necessity in war is money, for money means everything else - men, guns, ammunition.
Santosh Kalwar|I am 15 and you are 51, I know you are the best, to be loved by, everyone.
Abraham Kuyper, Lectures on Calvinism|As long as man was in the moolight he desired to reach the moon…there was bliss in the moonlight but the moon itself was distant. Moonlight was near but man longed for the moon…man reached the moon but there he was without moonlight. If one reaches the moon one does not find moonlight any longer and if one is in moonlight one does not find the moon. It is a strange fact that one is only because of the other…one is a sign of the other yet both are forever separate. If the Beloved is the Moon, moonlight is His remembrance. When the Beloved is present His remembrance is not and when His remembrance is present the Beloved is not. Proximity to one is distance from the other, Union with one is separation from the other. Thus union is hidden in every separation and separation in every union.
John McPhee, Coming into the Country|If you have to ask that question, you wouldn't understand the answer.
George MacDonald|No gift unrecognized as coming from God is at its own best: therefore many things that God would gladly give us, things even that we need because we are, must wait until we ask for them, that we may know whence they come: when in all gifts we find Him, then in Him we shall find all things.
Georges Bataille|Life was never intended to consist of a glut of luxury, be an easy course, or filled only with success. There are those games which we lose, those races in which we finish last, and those promotions which never come. Such experiences provide an opportunity for us to show our determination and to rise above disappointment.
Walter Raleigh|THE MANY FACES OF SURVIVALSunday, August 10th at 2:00 PSTDachau Liberator, medical whistle-blower, award winning writer, college professor and world renowned garlic farmer, Chester Aaron, talks about the hard choices he’s had to make, why he made them, and how it’s changed his life. Mr. Aaron was recognized by the National Endowment for the Arts, and received the Huntington Hartford Foundation fellowship which was chaired by Aldous Huxley and Tomas Mann. He also inspired Ralph Nader to expose the over-radiation of blacks in American hospitals. Now Mr. Aaron is a world-renowned garlic farmer who spends his days writing about the liberation of Dachau. He is 86 years old and he has a thousand stories to tell. Although he has published over 17 books, he is still writing more and looks forward to publishing again soon.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Living in a constant chase after gain compels people to expend their spirit to the point of exhaustion in continual pretense and overreaching and anticipating other. Virtue has come to consist of doing something in less time that someone else. Hours in which honesty is permitted have become rare, and when they arrive one is tired and does not only want to "let oneself go" but actually wishes to stretch out as long and wide and ungainly as one happens to be... Soon we may well reach the point where people can no longer give in to the desire for a vita contemplativa (that is, taking a walk with ideas and friends) without self-contempt and a bad conscience.
Harrish Sairaman|People who are stuck in the past, miss out on the beauty of the Present and the possibility of the future!!!
James     Martin|For the New Age community, 'ancient' knowledge is always considered unimpeachable and unimprovable, just as a diverse range of beliefs from Eastern mysticism to UFOs, energy dowsing to cryptozoology, are - though mutually contradictory - unquestionably accepted in the name of open-mindedness.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|Ecstasy is a complex emotion containing elements of joy, fear, terror, triumph, surrender, and empathy. What has replaced our prehistoric understanding of this complex of ecstasy now is the word comfort, a tremendously bloodless notion. Drugs are not comfortable, and anyone who thinks they are comfortable or even escapist should not toy with drugs unless they’re willing to get their noses rubbed in their own stuff.
Gavin Newsom|Being an Ethiopian-born, Swedish-raised chef, there's nothing traditional about my Thanksgiving spread.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|The best remedy for those who are frightened, lovely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere they can be alone, alone with the sky, nature and God. For then and only then can you feel that everything is as it should be and that God wants people to be happy amid nature's beauty and simplicity.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Love, inspirational, life, humor, philosophy, truth, wisdom, happiness, god, hope, romance, death, inspirational-quotes, quotes, faith, poetry,writing, inspiration, knowledge  Religion, education, success, relationships, funny, science, life-lessons, books, motivational, spirituality, dreams, fear, freedom, intelligence, friendship, humour, war, motivation, time, women, beauty, reading, art, politics, Christianity, soul, leadership, pain, change, history, people, marriage, nature, peace, music, heart, self-help, spiritual
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Every language has a grammar, a set of rules that govern usage and meaning, and literary language is no different. It’s all more or less arbitrary of course, just like language itself.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|There's plenty more fish in the sea than Prince Jonathan," he told her softly. "And this particular fish loves you with all his crooked heart."-George to Alanna
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Do not waste your anger, you may just be the candidate to deliver a people from oppression or injustice.
Andrew Lansley|Electronic medical records are, in a lot of ways, I think the aspect of technology that is going to revolutionize the way we deliver care. And it's not just that we will be able to collect information, it's that everyone involved in the healthcare enterprise will be able to use that information more effectively.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|In the old days, when travelers would get lost, they would follow the stars and I love that idea. I wish that I could rely on something as simple and magnificent as a star for all of my aching questions.
Voltaire|It means that your birth, with all your particulars, is a wildly improbable event, and hence precious. You won the sweepstakes by being born at all. Think of all the wallflower sperm and egg cells. You made it, buddy. Whew! What a staggering wonder! What a thing to rejoice in! The lottery wasn't fixed! God didn't rig it! You won fair and square! What a miracle!
Rebecca Skloot|What I really admire are people like my daughter, Victoria, who don't give up, who have daily medical challenges and medical conditions. They go on with their lives and make the best of it, not giving up even when it's not easy.
John Rosemond, A Family of Value|The essence of successful discipline is not technique; rather, it is self-confidence.
Elon Musk|God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
Christy Wampole|When you are fully conscious, drama does not come into your life anymore.
Michael Gurian, The Good Son: Shaping the Moral Development of Our Boys and Young Men|Hand, nobody told me about the weight. Why didn't our parents tell us about the weight?—What weight?—The fucking weight, Hand. How does the woman Ingres live? The one from Marrakesh? If we're vessels, and we are, then we, you and I, are overfull, and that means she's at the bottom of a deep cold lake. How can she stand the hissing of all that water?—We are not vessels; we are missiles.—We're static and we're empty. We are overfull and leaden.—We are airtight and we are missiles and all-powerful.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|Go, even though you love him.Go, even though he is kind and faithful and dear to you.Go, even though he's your best friend and you're his. Go, even though you can't imagine your life without him. Go, even though he adores you and your leaving will devastate him. Go, even though your friends will be disappointed or surprised or pissed off or all three. Go, even though you once said you would stay. Go, even though you're afraid of being alone. Go, even though you're sure no one will ever love you as well as he does. Go, even though there is nowhere to go.Go, even though you don't know exactly why you can't stay.Go, because you want to. Because wanting to leave is enough.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes letting go is not about a lack of faith in God, but a lack in faith that you have it in yourself to pull off the greatest plan he has in store for you.
Jane Seabrook, Furry Logic Laugh at Life|How to Commit the Perfect Murder" was an old game in heaven. I always chose the icicle: the weapon melts away.
Norodom Sihamoni|I'd say I'm a bit antimadridista although I do not know where my future will be, but it's a team that I never liked. I get the impression that it is an arrogant club, about how the players are. Without humility, you cannot get anywhere.
Earthlings|I don't want to oppress men or demand to be given rights beyond what's held by them, but neither do I want men to oppress women. As God's creations, we should be held in equal esteem.
Bill Nighy|The bomber will always get through. The only defense is in offense, which means that you have to kill more women and children more quickly that the enemy if you want to save yourselves.
Noel DeJesus|Thoughts are free, talk is cheap, and action is expensive. What's your worth?
Alice  Miller, Banished Knowledge: Facing Childhood Injuries|As long as you keep secrets and suppress information, you are fundamentally at war with yourself…The critical issue is allowing yourself to know what you know. That takes an enormous amount of courage.
Lois Lane|Time heals if you let it. Free yourself from the trap of hatred and unforgiveness. There might be some reasons to hold a grudge with your ex but doing so never solve the problem. Let time help you ease the pain. As much as possible, DON’T CHASE AFTER YOUR EX!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|And I know that I’m not perfect,But this path feels perfect.
Roman Payne|Shade for a manAnd shelter for animals,Planted in your name,May you be the same for those around you,Every year the same.
Jenna Alatari|At the moment we realize that all focus is gone, that we don't care, interest is lost, and it takes hours longer than the moment should, it is time to accept that a new strategy is needed to engage, to excite, and to create passion for the concept or idea we had originally set out to discover. Forget the rules, the preconceptions, and toss the planner for the moment. Learning cannot be forced, and it will only occur at the moment we are willing to accept it.
Vironika Tugaleva|In your heart, you have a song that will change the world, once you give yourself permission to sing.
Sylvia Browne, End of Days: Predictions and Prophecies About the End of the World|Riley shook her head. “I married Brad after I got my Associate's degree in culinary arts. I worked in the Bakery at the same grocery store as Brad, and now I'm a stay at home mom.” She paused. “If you remember my senior yearbook, I was voted most likely to be the best mom.” “Oh, you have time yet.” Stella joked and Riley backhanded her in the ribs. “You're an awesome mom. Be glad you haven't proven anyone wrong. It's not all it's cracked up to be.” She paused. “That same yearbook said I'd be in prison with a wife named Roberta.”~Conversation between Riley and Stella, "Sugar and Spies: Spy Sisters Book 1
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|It's a thrill to fulfill your own childhood dreams, but as you get older, you may find that enabling the dreams of others is even more fun.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|My life is very monotonous," the fox said. "I hunt chickens; men hunt me. All the chickens are just alike, and all the men are just alike. And, in consequence, I am a little bored.
E. M. Cioran|Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying  "Make me feel important." Never forget this message when working with people.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When passion is lit, the fire permeates your being with the positive expectation that all is well and everything will turn out great.
Mark Twain|Lost - yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered, for they are gone forever.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason|i feel lonely, it never goes away;the crowd makes me feel lonely
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|There are many ways to become mistress (or master) of one's fate after a betrayal, but they all have things in common: conscious effort and a fighting spirit, embodied in what I call 'the Affirmative No.' The Affirmative No incorporates self-enhancing outrage, independence, and courage. It is a stance through which a traumatized person actively proclaims her will by rejecting the role of victim.... Unable to change our predicaments, we actively changed their meaning and our relationship to them, and in the process, we discovered that we could exert power when we thought we had none.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|I point out to you, Marcus Claire Luyseyal, a lesson from past over-machined societies which you appear not to have learned. The devices themselves condition theusers to employ each other the way they employ machines.
Julian Barnes|It's the best way of telling the truth; it's a process of producing grand, beautiful, well-ordered lies that tell more truth than any assemblage of facts. Beyond that … [it's] delight in, and play with, language; also, a curiously intimate way of communicating with people whom you will never meet.
Tahira Amir Khan, Through the Golden Door: The Doorway to Our Advancement|A strong feeling of happiness and a strong instinct to do what’s right will come to your life, when you’re within your purpose and God's purpose for you.
Susan Sontag|I must change my life so that I can live it, not wait for it.
Eric Bristow|I thought it would be cool to Skype with fans on their birthday and spend, like, a half-hour with them. I did a couple of two-hour Skypes. I just hang out with them and play songs and stuff. At first they're kind of shy, but after a while they open up. I've had a lot of people tell me I'm doing something no one has ever done before.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|You were baptized?""My sister told me that yes, Father baptized me shortly after birth. My mother was a Protestant of a faith that deplored infant baptism, so they had a quarrel about it." The Bishop held out his hand to lift the Speaker to his feet. The Speaker chuckled. "Imagine. A closet Catholic and a lapsed Mormon, quarreling over religious procedures that they both claimed not to believe in.
Mary Manin Morrissey|When I was on the bench, I used to have a yellow pad, and I put on the pad at the beginning of the day, 'patience' and 'restraint.'
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Lady and gentleman, when my parents left Korea with nothing but the clothes on their backs and the considerable wealth they had amassed in the shipping business, they had a dream. They had a dream that one day amid the snowy hilltops of western North Carolina, their son would lose his virginity to a cheerleader in the woman's bathroom of a Waffle House just off the interstate. My parents have sacrificed so much for this dream! And that is why we must journey on, despite all trials and tribulations! Not for me and least of all for the poor cheerleader in question, but for my parents and indeed for all immigrants who came to his great nation in what they themselves could never have: CHEERLEADER SEX.
Michelle Pfeiffer|We get the worrywart, the hypochondriac, the money-grubbing miser, the intractable negotiator... Some would say certain of these refer to the stereotypical, or 'stage' Jew. But objectively speaking, the only crime in humor is an unfunny joke.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|We can heal. Perhaps we can return to that same place we once stood, when we were both young and innocent.
Hanzi Freinacht, The Listening Society: A Metamodern Guide to Politics, Book One|Let’s return to the main argument. People are hurting as hell. It matters. We should do something to make them happier, if we can.
Erin Kellison, Until Dawn|Vampires aren’t noble?”	“No. We serve or we prey.”	“Like monks?”	He frowned, confused, and then gave a soft chuckle. “Prey, as in hunt. No God would hear our prayers.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|The opposite of lust is intentional, purposeful. The opposite of lust is longing for a ‘particular’ person – because while lust is looking to get, the opposite of lust is looking to give. The opposite of lust is choosing a certain person. The same person. Everyday.For the rest of your life.Despite what they have to offer.Now that’s romantic. The opposite of lust is waking up every morning and saying, “out of everyone else in this world, I choose you.” I choose you. Today, and everyday.I choose you not because you’re perfect for me and you meet all of my qualifications and conditions and because you make me feel loved and cared for. No. I choose you, because I know you’re a lot like me, and you’re going to fall short and mess up and you’re not always going to feel like loving me – but you’re going to want someone to stick around with you despite all that. I choose you, because I know Jesus loves you, and He doesn’t love you because He is impressed by you and He gets a warm feeling in His heart when He’s around you and you complete Him. He loves you so that you might become more like Him.This is a love that isn't dependent on us.
Louisa May Alcott, Jack and Jill|In the midst of her tears came the thought, "When people are in danger, they ask God to save them;" and, slipping down upon her knees, she said her prayer as she had never said it before, for when human help seems gone we turn to Him as naturally as lost children cry to their father, and feel sure that he will hear and answer them.
Fred Wilson|Wealth is not without its advantages and the case to the contrary, although it has often been made, has never proved widely persuasive.
Mia Hollow|You must burn. Burn higher. Burn for everything you have ever wanted. For everything you have ever lost, for every crack in your heart and every fraction of every irreplaceable moment. Burn high for love. For fear. For life. Burn as fast and as long as you can. You must burn, burn higher. Because nothing in this world will kill you faster than a dying fire.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Never be silent with persons you love and distrust," Mr. Carpenter had said once. "Silence betrays.
Joseph McGinnis, This Shadow Follows Me|A couple hours went by, and the storm began to turn back to the sea. The dark clouds rolled away, leaving white, fluffy ones in their place. We were safe, and the rock in the distance was still there. We stepped out of the car and walked over to the rock, noticing the families of seals were back again. The seals were strong and ready to make it through any storm that would fall their way. My parents’ love was still there; that is what love means. I envy that love, and I hoped to find it someday... and I did.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|Her next words took me by surprise. I lay as still as I could, barely breathing, afraid that if I moved she would stop speaking her heart.“My mom wanted six children. She only got me, and that sucks for her because I was a total weirdo.”“You were not,” I said.She twisted her head up to look at me.“I used to line my lips in black eyeliner and sit cross-legged on the kitchen table … meditating.”“Not that bad,” I said. “Crying out for attention.”“Okay, when I was twelve I started writing letters to my birth mother because I wanted to be adopted.”I shook my head. “Your childhood sucked, you wanted a new reality.”She snorted air through her nose. “I thought a mermaid lived in my shower drain, and I used to call her Sarah and talk to her.”“Active imagination,” I countered. She was becoming more insistent, her little body wriggling in my grip.“I used to make paper out of dryer lint.”“Nerdy.”“I wanted to be one with nature, so I started boiling grass and drinking it with a little bit of dirt for sugar.”I paused. “Okay, that’s weird.”“Thank you!” she said. Then, she got serious again. “My mom just loved me through all of it.
Abdolkarim Soroush|The cinema began with a passionate, physical relationship between celluloid and the artists and craftsmen and technicians who handled it, manipulated it, and came to know it the way a lover comes to know every inch of the body of the beloved. No matter where the cinema goes, we cannot afford to lose sight of its beginnings.
Menna van Praag, Men, Money and Chocolate: What more could there be to life?|Now Siddhartha also got some idea of why he had fought this self in vain as a Brahman, as a penitent. Too much knowledge had held him back, too many holy verses, too many sacrificial rules, to much self-castigation, so much doing and striving for that goal! Full of arrogance, he had been, always the smartest, always working the most, always one step ahead of all others, always the knowing and spiritual one, always the priest or wise one. Into being a priest, into this arrogance, into this spirituality, his self had retreated, there it sat firmly and grew, while he thought he would kill it by fasting and penance. Now he saw it and saw that the secret voice had been right, that no teacher would ever have been able to bring about his salvation. Therefore, he had to go out into the world, lose himself to lust and power, to woman and money, had to become a merchant, a dice-gambler, a drinker, and a greedy person, until the priest and Samana in him was dead. Therefore, he had to continue bearing these ugly years, bearing the disgust, the teachings, the pointlessness of a dreary and wasted life up to the end, up to bitter despair, until Siddhartha the lustful, Siddhartha the greedy could also die. He had died, a new Siddhartha had woken up from the sleep. He would also grow old, he would also eventually have to die, mortal was Siddhartha, mortal was every physical form. But today he was young, was a child, the new Siddhartha, and was full of joy.
Anonymous|Travelers we are, in this journey of memory. Aboard together we might, and get off at different times.Still, memory lingers.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Gedichte|But as much as we like the familiar, as leaders we must be willing to learn, and learning many times requires stretching, growing, and becoming a bit uncomfortable in the process.
Mensah Oteh|Spend sunny afternoons writing. Take weekends in the country. Dream. Drink good wine, eat fabulous cheese and great bread. Make the kind of love that destroys the bed.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Why children?' he asked. 'Why always children? For love to end where it begins is far more beautiful, and Nature knows it.
Shana Abe|I heard what you said. I’m not the silly romantic you think. I don’t want the heavens or the shooting stars. I don’t want gemstones or gold. I have those things already. I want…a steady hand. A kind soul. I want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing my heart is safe. I want to love, and be loved.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Humans have better wings than birds: Human mind is a perfect wing and with this wing we can fly to some farthermost places no bird can ever dream! Yes, mind is a wing; and when it comes to flying man is the most sophisticated bird on earth!
Tahnee Fritz, The Human Race|I fall hard and I fall fast, and I wouldn't change it for anything.
John Ajvide Lindqvist, Let the Right One In|What’s her name? Claire, what’s her name?
Richard Bach|The opposite of Loneliness is not Togetherness , It's Intimacy
Ellen Emerson White, Voyage on the Great Titanic: The Diary of Margaret Ann Brady, R.M.S. Titanic, 1912|My brain refused to move past the pain, as if it had been filled to the max and needed to be emptied.
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|It is not possible to understand the NT concept of the church if we overlook the numerous metaphors used to portray it. The church is Christ's body, a temple, a family, a royal priesthood, twelve tribes, the chosen race, Abraham's children, the new creation, the bride of Christ, and so on. Bible readers should be careful not to construct their theology of the church on a single metaphor.
Primadonna Angela|It's not how great the ideas are. It's about how you write them, to make them great.
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|Walking on the path I met my Master, known by a million names in different cultures and places yet people have forgotten the way to HIM.
Stephanie Kallos, Broken for You|Everyone thinks I named my cat Mango because of his orange eyes, but that's not the case. I named him Mango because the sounds of his purrs and his wheezes and his meows are all various shades of yellow-orange.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|He that can live alone resembles the brute beast in nothing, the sage in much, and God in everything.
John A. Farrell|The financial elite already have the politicians in their pockets, as a result of their lobbying.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|the power to cause pain is the only power that matters, the power to kill and destroy, because if you can't kill then you are always subject to those who can, and nothing and one will ever save you.
Sunday Adelaja|It takes a long time before we cease to feel proud of being wanted. Though God knows why we should feel it, when we look around and see who is wanted too.
Sandra Bullock|You want to believe in leaders, really believe in leaders. You want what they are saying to be truthful, and you want to trust them.
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|During those days of whirling about the globe, I had an epiphany: travel was the only area of my life where I had no expectations. I anticipated nothing while fully engaging each moment. What bred adventure, surprise and deep experience was not knowing, surrendering to now and letting go of control.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|To clear the path, whether that be the elimination of obstacles, closing the blind spots, or to provide guidance, so that the business as a whole can take a digital leap and unleash its full potential.
Anna Porter, The Ghosts of Europe: Central Europe's Past and Uncertain Future|Russell observes that "the merits of democracy are negative: it does not ensure good government, but it prevents certain evils," such as the evil of a small group of individuals achieving a secure monopoly on political power. The chief peril for the politician, Russell insists, is love of power. And politicians can easily yield to the love of power on the pretense that they are pursuing some absolute good.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And then, that feeling comes again when you seem invincible and totally awesome. You simply can't hold it in and you just smile to everyone you come across; infectiously, they have no choice but to smile back. You are more than convinced in your guts that something beautifully indescribable is coming your way. You just drown yourself in the feeling of awesomeness. Faith, probably . . . or the hands of providence?
M.J. Colewood, The Last Treasure of Ancient England|Caleb shoved back from the table and stood to retreat to the kitchen. “No. Find another plan.”“There is no other plan. This isn’t even a plan, merely a nugget of an idea for the start of a plan that’s certain to fail and end in your deaths.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|It’s so hard not to be fascinated by the broken, to remember that a boy with a sad smile and a pretty face is not the boy that you should fall in love with.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|The strongest shoulders are not the well-built shoulders of a weight lifter who carries iron dumbbells, but they are of a mother’s weak shoulders which carry three children!
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|House speaker Thomas read could see the trend, but he could not have changed himself.
Mark Gerzon|In the second half of life, our old compasses no longer work. The magnetic fields alter. The new compass that we need cannot be held in our hand, only in our heart. We read it not with our mind alone, but with our soul. Now we yearn for wholeness. We yearn to remember the parts of ourselves that we have forgotten, to nourish those that we have starved, to express those we have silenced, and to bring into the light those we have cast into the shadows. On this quest for wholeness, we must let go of cliches of adult life, both positive and negative . . . Using the best information available , each of us must find his own way. To varying degrees, all of us are trying to break out of . . . the "life structure" that we have built during the first part of our lives.
James P. Lewis, Working Together: 12 Principles for Achieving Excellence in Managing Projects, Teams, and Organizations|If you always do what you've always done, you'll always get what you always got.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|In a library, no empty shelf remains empty for long.
Chrissy Teigen|As much as I love crisp, clean whites, there's always a time for rich but balanced Chardonnays with oak, especially at Thanksgiving.
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|–It’s not Sci-Fi, we insist, It’s SF.Every time you say that a Venusian Slime Boy dies, you know.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|I want to know everything about you." So he told her. The stars, too, seemed to listen.
Charles Rafferty, Where the Glories of April Lead|Blood, sweat, and tea, sister! That's what it takes to achieve all great and terrible things.
Jennifer Worth, In the Midst of Life|This StoneHe went looking for a roadthat doesn't lead to death.He went looking for that roadand found it.It was a stone road.He walked that roadthat doesn't lead to death.He walked on it awhilebefore he stopped,having turned to stone.Now he stands there on that roadthat doesn't lead to deathnot going anywhere.He can't dance.from his eyes stones fall.The rainbow people pass himcrossing that road, long-legged, light-stepping,going from the Four Housesto the dancing in the Five Houses.They pick up his tears.This stone is a tearfrom his eye, this stonegiven me on the mountainby one who died before my birth,this stone, this stone.
Emmuska Orczy, The Scarlet Pimpernel|Had he but turned back then, and looked out once more on to the rose-lit garden, she would have seen that which would have made her own sufferings seem but light and easy to bear--a strong man, overwhelmed with his own passion and despair. Pride had given way at last, obstinacy was gone: the will was powerless. He was but a man madly, blindly, passionately in love and as soon as her light footstep had died away within the house, he knelt down upon the terrace steps, and in the very madness of his love he kissed one by one the places where her small foot had trodden, and the stone balustrade, where her tiny hand had rested last.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a society that prioritizes man’s health, a cleaner is more important than a lawyer.
Skinner, B. F.|So long as we exist, death is not with us; but when death comes, then we do not exist
Joni Hahn, Agent I1: Tristan|The cybernetic operation?""No, the sex change."The doctor's smile faltered."I'm joking.
Erin Bowman, Vengeance Road|With strong will, you can soar high on eagle’s wings.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|I want to go to sleep and not wake up, but I don’t want to die.
Compton Gage|The murder of a child has no justification, even if the bombs have missed their mark.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In the land where excellence is commended, not envied, where weakness is aided, not mocked, there is no question as to how its inhabitants are all superhuman.
John Collings Squire|Then a boy, pale as death, rushed into the hall, uttering a wild scream of terror. “Death and another are closely pursuing me!
Kenny D. Eichenberg|If you are going to go to the trouble of choosing healthy food for your plate, shouldn't you also choose healthy people for your life?
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|Death never mattered at those times - in the early days I even used to pray for it: the shattering annihilation that would prevent for ever the getting up, the putting on of clothes, the wathchign her torch trail across to the opposite side of the common like the tail-light of a low car driving away.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|You build a thousand castles, a thousand sanctuaries, you are nothing; you build a library, you are everything!
Stephen Kendrick, The Love Dare|There must be a stronger foundation than mere friendship or sexual attraction. Unconditional love, agape love, will not be swayed by time or circumstances. 
Lisa Marie Presley|There's a certain time that when somebody asks you a question, you answer them. I don't think I said anything with venom. If you can express yourself without anger and make it as palatable as you can, that's what you do.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Happy am I, for every time I meditate on governments, I always find new reasons in my inquiries for loving my own country.
Tabitha Suzuma, Hurt|Everything hurts. He can barely lie still. He feels caught. He wants to run, but where? He feels certain he will always remain like this - trapped within his own body, his own mind. The emotional pain is so strong, it becomes physical. He feels it knotting and twisting inside him, ready to crush him, suffocate him. He is losing his grip, he is losing his mind. He thought he had it all back under control, but suddenly nothing makes sense any more. Does anyone else know what it's like to be stuck somewhere between dead and alive? I't s a half-world of incoherent pain where emotions you put on ice start slowly thawing again. A place where everything hurts, where your mind is no longer strong enough to force your feelings back into hibernation.
Lionel Suggs|it crossed Farren's mind that although death seemed big, life was even bigger
June Jordan|Children seem naturally drawn to poetry - it's some combination of the rhyme, rhythm, and the words themselves.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn’t understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid. He was renowned for being amazingly clever and quite clearly was so—but not all the time, which obviously worried him, hence, the act. He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous.
Terri  Marie, The Shack, Merry and a Cat Named Cha-moan|You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear; as young as your hope, as old as your despair." Douglas MacArthur
Dean Koontz|We were friends, never paramours. A lover who is enigmatic will most likely prove to be a cataclysm waiting to happen. But a charming friend whose usual warmth is raveled through moments of cool inscrutability can be an intriguing companion.
Adam Nevill, The Ritual|Of course, one must always take into consideration the modestly of the lady. Too subtle and she may miss your meaning all together. Too strong, and she may never look you in the face again.
Hafez, The Nightingales are Drunk|What does life give me in the end but sorrow?What do love's good and evil send but sorrow?I've only seen one true companion - pain,And I have known no faithful friend but sorrow.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Blood is thicker than water, and so is diarrhea
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|Church has believed that parents probably wont' assume responsibility for their own children's growth, so they have tried to become a parent substitute. This in turn ha s fostered parents to adopt a "drop-off" mentality. Maybe the greatest gift a church can give parents is the confidence and courage to do what God has wired them to do.
Lisa Bloom, Think: Straight Talk for Women to Stay Smart in a Dumbed-Down World|The person who feels secure, loved, safe and happy inside will have a secure, safe and happy life. Your inner integrity will be matched by those around you
Glenn Turner|Things change all the time, and they'll probably never be the same again. It's just the natural evolution of the human condition. Things change, and whatever it is is what it is. I mean, you try to start second guessing that, you either get rich or die broke.
Henri Bergson|The question is precisely to know whether the past has ceased to exist, or ceased to be useful...
Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Ian Brennan|Outside of the killings, DC has one of the lowest crime rates in the country.
Philip Yancey|There were periods of my life when a lot of people didn't believe in me. I still had faith in myself. I really had to ask myself life questions. Where do I see myself in five years? Create a ladder for yourself, and walk up the steps. Climb that ladder.
Kahlil Gibran|Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Making love, sensing how he felt about her in the high tide of passion, seeing herself through his eyes, brought her to an ecstasy beyond words.
Susannah Cahalan|The mind is like a circuit ofChristmas tree lights. When thebrain works well, all of the lightstwinkle brilliantly, and it’s adaptableenough that, often, even if one bulbgoes out, the rest will still shine on.But depending on where thedamage is, sometimes that oneblown bulb can make the wholestrand go dark.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|Were one to call your stupid ism good, well then, one would either be equally idiotic, or a fool, or no good.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|Respect should be found in your own heart and never demanded, sacraficed, begged for or negotiated. If you have to explain why you deserve it then you never had it.
Patricia Hamill, Fearless|...his vacant eyes took on a more sinister look, taking notice of us for the first time, a stranger in our midst, a monster.
Keri Lake, Soul Avenged|The wolves wait for you, little lamb.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|A brand is the unique story that consumers recall when they think of you. This story associates your product with their personal stories, a particular personality, what you promise to solve, and your position relative to your competitors. Your brand is represented by your visual symbols and feeds from multiple conversations where you must participate strategically.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Did you tell people that songs weren’t the same as a warm body, a soft mouth?
William Paul Young, The Shack|He manages a sad smile. “An omission is not the same thing as a lie, Miss Bishop. It’s a manipulation.
Cornell Woolrich, Marihuana|However, on one occasion, several years ago, I was idiot enough to take a dose of LSD. (I did it to please a woman.) I had what is known as a 'bad trip'. It was a very bad trip. I shall not attempt to describe what I experienced on that dreadful and rather shameful occasion. (I will only add: it concerned entrails.) In fact it would be extremely hard, even impossible, to put it properly into words. It was something morally, spiritually horrible, as if one's stinking inside had emerged and become the universe: a surging emanation of dark half-formed spiritual evil, something never ever to be escaped from. 'Undetachable,' I remember, was a word which somehow 'came along' with the impression of it. In fact the visual images involved were dreadfully clear and, as it were, authoritative ones and they are rising up in front of me at this moment, and I will not write about them. Of course i never took LSD again.
Joyce Meyer|If the sad truth be known, writers, being the misfits we are, probably ought not to belong to families in the first place. We simply are too self-interested, though we may excuse the flaw by calling it 'focused.'
Sarah Warden, Immortal Earth|Everything I have ever wanted to be, every dream, every desire is reflected in your eyes.
Tom Angleberger|Libraries are a tremendous and valuable resource, and I'm note sure it's possible to have too many of them.
Emily Kirby, The Silver Codex II: Reflections Edition|Another heaping portion of shitty life, please. And an extra order of I'll just go fuck myself then, too.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|Bombardment, barrage, curtain-fire, mines, gas, tanks, machine-guns, hand-grenades - words, words, but they hold the horror of the world.
Paul Simon|Gamer humor ranges all over the place. What it comes down to is taking a lot of what we see in gaming and we're familiar with in gaming and being like, 'OK, hold on, let's re-examine this for a second. Isn't this funny? Isn't this strange? Isn't this a little bit ridiculous?' That's where it is.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Don't cry when the sun is gone, because the tears won't let you see the stars.
Deyth Banger|Don't try to provoke me, you won't win because of few words... I will be just quite because you are under my level!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy.
Tanmaya Guru|..it is helpful to think of yourlife not in terms of work but in terms of music—particularly a symphony. A symphony, traditionally, hasfour parts to it—four movements, as they’re called. So does Life. There is the first movement, infancy;then the second movement, the time of learning; the long third movement follows, the time of working; andfinally, this fourth movement, traditionally called “retirement,” though now that is an increasinglycomplex concept. It is much better to think of it as the Fourth Movement, a triumphant, powerful ending tothe symphony of our life here on earth.
Maureen F. McHugh, After the Apocalypse|She had a theory that the fear of getting in trouble was what made her not as good a programmer and that, in fact, it was all linked to testosterone, and that was why there were more guy programmers than women. It was a very hazy theory, and she didn't like it, but she had pretty much convinced herself it was true, although she couldn't bear to think of sharing it with anybody, because it was a lot better to think that there were social reasons why girls didn't usually become code monkeys than to think there were biological reasons.
Ferguson Fartworthy, How My Gas Made Me Famous|Principal Totty was one of those people who frown while they’re speaking, and then smile at the end of each sentence. It was weird. It was like there were two different people inside her brain.
Kresley Cole, Demon from the Dark|If a demon and a vampire mated, their offspring would be unique but in harmony, like a Labrador retriever crossed with a poodle. Voila, labradoodle!But a vemon was a made creature, as if one took the front half of the Lab and jammed it onto the back half of the poodle. In other words, wrong
Rory Sutherland|Drinking also maroons you without provisions on the island of self. Like most other promises it makes, alcohol's vow of kinship, that it will bridge your life to others, smooth the way, proves false. Fooled again: you're alone.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Chaos|No matter what the bards may say, there’s no romance in dying for a man.
Kate McGahan|I miss you so much. Maybe if I say your name over and over again, it will eventually feel wrong to me. Like a word you write too many times suddenly doesn't look right anymore. I will try that.
Kate Bolick, Spinster: Making a Life of One's Own|Today we tell girls to grow up to be or do whatever they want. But the cultural pressure to become a mother remains very strong; rare is she who doesn’t at least occasionally succumb to the nagging fear that if she remains childless, she’ll live to regret it.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|Well, you finally got me," Helen had whispered to him, tearfully, but Garp had sprawled there, on his back on the wrestling mat, wondering who had gotten whom.
Justine Winter, Sapphire's Divinity|Luna, the thought of losing you is like losing my heart. You have me completely, and if you died because I wasn't there to protect you, it would kill me. I know you're strong, I know you're different, but that doesn't change my natural instincts. I still have to protect you.
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|Over all this lay Hoppie's dictum: First with the head and then with the heart. Winning was something you worked at intellectually, emotion clouds the mind and is its natural enemy. This made for a loneliness which often let me aching to share an emotion but equally afraid that if I did so I would reveal a weakness which could later be used against me.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Thanks for not freaking out," I said."Oh, I'm freaking out," Paul promised, his eyes wide. "I just think it's awesome!
Nadège Richards|Life can be seen through several spectrums of light, but it’s the person who is doing the soul searching that defines what they may see.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|In my society we know how to say things, but we don't know how to realize them. In my society everyone has a perfect personality in public, and a dirty one behind the curtain.
R.K. Ryals, Fist of the Furor|Everybody in this academy, Shadowhunters and mundanes, people with the Sight and without it, every one of them is looking to be a hero. We are all hoping for it, and trying for it, and soon we will all be bleeding for it.
Tsung-Dao Lee|PHYSICS to me.. umm well it's like ENERGY, spreading in all DIMENSION of mind which tends to the TENSION, which FORCES the MOTION to come out.
Louis Farrakhan|You have to struggle a bit, hustle a little, and be willing to go bankrupt. Once you're willing to do that, everything opens up and you get the freedom. My joke is that next year, I'll make the first film that costs zero dollars.
Jared Young, Into the Current|I never had any problem with my heart, till I met you!
Doctrine and covenants 115:5|Verily I say unto you all: Arise and shine forth, that thy light may be a standard for the nations.
Sunday Adelaja|Discouragement is your enemy, therefore resist it
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Until I moved to Stockhold I had felt there was a continuity to my life, as if it stretched unbroken from childhood up to the present, held together by new connections, in a complex and ingenious pattern in which every phenomenon I saw was capable of evoking a memory which unleashed small landslides of feeling in me, some with a known source, others without. The people I encountered came from towns I had been to, they knew other people I had met, it was a network, and it was a tight mesh. But when I moved to Stockholm this flaring up of memories became rarer and rarer, and one day it ceased altogether. That is, I could still remember; what happened was that the memories no longer stirred anything in me. No longing, no wish to return, nothing. Just the memory, and a barely perceptible hint of an aversion to anything that was connected with it.
J. Raymond|It's an amazing thing when you finally settle in to knowing you'll never fit in. The difference between the rest of the world and you; you feel to much about too many things. And most others feel not enough, about too few. Keep standing out. Keep showing the crowd what beautifully flying free is all about.
Andrena Sawyer|You go on. You just go on. There's nothing more to it, and there's no trick to make it easier. You just go on.""What do you find on the other side? When you go on?"She shrugged. "Your life again. What else?
Melanie Kay Taylor|It never occurred to me before, but I always thought of time like it was a road, or an empty plane. I could see it and mark it and claim it as mine, but the reason I couldn't travel my own speed was because I was waiting on the present to catch up, I had to wait to get to my destination. But really, there is no road, or flat plane or anything... there's just this very dangerous edge... cliff that we're dangling off of, there isn't a future really, I mean sure we can plan and prepare, but tomorrow may not come.I'm not saying base your life on that- if tomorrow does come, what you do today will influence it! But anything can push you off that cliff. So start living.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Speak to me about power. What is it?”	I do believe I’m being out-Cambridged. “You want me to discuss power? Right here and now?”	Her shapely head tilts. “No time except the present.”	“Okay.” Only for a ten. “Power is the ability to make someone do what they otherwise wouldn’t, or deter them from doing what they otherwise would.”	Immaculée Constantin is unreadable. “How?”	“By coercion and reward. Carrots and sticks, though in bad light one looks much like the other. Coercion is predicated upon the fear of violence or suffering. ‘Obey, or you’ll regret it.’ Tenth-century Danes exacted tribute by it; the cohesion of the Warsaw Pact rested upon it; and playground bullies rule by it. Law and order relies upon it. That’s why we bang up criminals and why even democracies seek to monopolize force.” Immaculée Constantin watches my face as I talk; it’s thrilling and distracting. “Reward works by promising ‘Obey and benefit.’ This dynamic is at work in, let’s say, the positioning of NATO bases in nonmember states, dog training, and putting up with a shitty job for your working life. How am I doing?”	Security Goblin’s sneeze booms through the chapel.	“You scratch the surface,” says Immaculée Constantin.	I feel lust and annoyance. “Scratch deeper, then.”	She brushes a tuft of fluff off her glove and appears to address her hand: “Power is lost or won, never created or destroyed. Power is a visitor to, not a possession of, those it empowers. The mad tend to crave it, many of the sane crave it, but the wise worry about its long-term side effects. Power is crack cocaine for your ego and battery acid for your soul. Power’s comings and goings, from host to host, via war, marriage, ballot box, diktat, and accident of birth, are the plot of history. The empowered may serve justice, remodel the Earth, transform lush nations into smoking battlefields, and bring down skyscrapers, but power itself is amoral.” Immaculée Constantin now looks up at me. “Power will notice you. Power is watching you now. Carry on as you are, and power will favor you. But power will also laugh at you, mercilessly, as you lie dying in a private clinic, a few fleeting decades from now. Power mocks all its illustrious favorites as they lie dying. ‘Imperious Caesar, dead and turn’d to clay, might stop a hole to keep the wind away.’ That thought sickens me, Hugo Lamb, like nothing else. Doesn’t it sicken you?
Emily St. John Mandel|Nobody really knows what I am,” Nyx said. “Not until I put a bullet in their head.
Wilfred Arlan Peterson|As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
Abu Bakr|The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.
Richard Desmond|I grew up in the Silicon Valley when it was a bunch of apricot groves, and now it's this center of incredible activity. So I have this sense of what technology has done for this region, and I want to spread it to the world.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries for Leaders: Results, Relationships, and Being Ridiculously in Charge|As a leader, you are always going to get a combination of two things: What you create and What you allow.
Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace|trust me, Anita, if you get dead, especially if he blames himself in any way, he will be a force of destruction looking for a place to be aimed. And he's blamed himself for introducing you to Olaf here from the get-go. If Olaf did to you what he's done to some of his other victims, Edward would drown the world in blood to erase those images.
Debasish Mridha|To transform this world into a better place to live, make yourself a better person first.
Chad Harbach, The Art of Fielding|Each of us, deep down, believes that the whole world issues from his own precious body, like images projected from a tiny slide onto an earth-sized screen. And then, deeper down, each of us knows he’s wrong.
Richard Ramirez|Till at last the child's mind is these suggestions, and the sum of the suggestions is the child's mind. And not the child's mind only. The adult's mind too–all his life long. The mind that judges and desires and decides–made up of these suggestions. But all these suggestions are OUR suggestions!" The Director almost shouted in his triumph. "Suggestions from the State.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|Of course many of us were loaded with self-hate and wanted to change. How could it have been otherwise? All we heard and read about homosexuality was that crap about how we were inverts, perverts, queers — a menace to children, poison to everybody else, doomed never to be happy.
William Tecumseh Sherman|War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.
Andrew O'Hagan|When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.
Miguel Syjuco|Writing nonfiction means I tell people's stories for them, not because they're special but because we all are.
Tammy Bruce|If Moses had gone to Harvard Law School and spent three years working on the Hill, he would have written the Ten Commandments with three exceptions and a saving clause.
Keely Barton|But every time I go to church with you, I feel like everyone's trying to trap me in a room and convert me.' Which, in truth, they are. 'I want you, and your family, to love me for who I am,' he shouts, 'To let me be who I am.
Britney King, Somewhere With You|The bible divides mankind, god will decide our fate.
Farrah Naseem|And he howled in agony, in a pain that would never cease as long as he lived. His tortured voice echoed in those mountains for a long long time...
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|There is a lovely feature of the American psyche which rejects the notion that there are victims. In America, attitude is a magical elixir that cures everything. People are supposed to believe that they create their realities, and are solely responsible for every aspect of their lives. Everything is because of a choice you made somewhere. Somehow, you were supposed to not only be equipped to make the right choice at all times, despite your circumstances, but to know exactly what the outcome of every choice you made would be. This is all very convenient for the people at the top of our economic system with all the money and the power. Keeps the rest of us trying.
Johnny Weir|I'm quite proud of what I anticipated about reality television from my books in the early '90s, which I based on the early seasons of 'Cops' and on the amazing stuff I had read about happening on Japanese shows and the British 'Big Brother'.
Thich Nhat Hanh|This love meditation is adapted from the Visuddhimagga by Buddhaghosa, a 5th century C.E. systematization of the Buddha's teaching. We begin by practicing the love meditation on ourselves ("May I"). Until we are able to love and take care of ourselves, we cannot be much help to others. After that, we practice them on others ("May he/she/they") - first on someone we like, then on someone neutral to us, and finally on someone who makes us suffer. May I be peaceful, happy, and light in body and spirit.May I be safe and free from injury.May I be free from anger, afflictions, fear and anxiety.May I learn to look at myself with the eyes of of understanding and love.May I be able to recognize and touch the seeds of joy and happiness in myself.May I learn to identify and see the sources of anger, craving, and delusion in myself.May I know how to nourish the seeds of joy in myself every day.May I be able to live fresh, solid, and free.May I be free from attachment and aversion, but not indifferent.Love is not just the intention to love, but the capacity to reduce suffering, and offer peace and happiness. The practice of love increases our forbearance, our capacity to be patient and embrace difficulties and pain. Forbearance does mean that we try to suppress pain.
A.E.H. Veenman|This was the second murder with which I’d found myself associated. Unlike the death of my client in April, my estranged uncle and his gang had nothing to do with this. And as far as I was aware, Arthur Teague was not a thug with the Fernoza Family mafia.--Prepped for the Kill, Marjorie Gardens Mystery Book 2
Robert L. Hellbroner|Marx understood well that the press was not merely a machine but a structure for discourse, which both rules out and insists upon certain kinds of content and, inevitably, a certain kind of audience.
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|Never compromise the glorious Gospel. It is the Gospel "from" Christ and not merely a Gospel "about" Christ. Gal 1:6-12
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|And yet I shall try again: "they are murdering me!"--all right, all together once more: "they are murdering me!" and again: "murdering"... I want to write this in such a way that you will cover your ears, your membranaceous, simian ears that you hide under strands of beautiful feminine hair--but I know them, I see them, I pinch them, the cold little things, I worry them with my fingers to somehow warm them, bring them to life, render them human, force them to hear me.
Kinoko Nasu, 空の境界 上|Different minds perceive different things, but all are imprisoned, asleep in a paradigm of material reality. Awakened minds bearing a more malleable paradigm, such as those of mages, can bend its rules, but never truly break them. To cross that boundary is to become something more and less human. A god, but absent the restraint.
James Agee, Let Us Now Praise Famous Men|We’ve taken everything from her, brother,” Maven murmurs, drawing close. “Surely we can give her this?” And then slowly, reluctantly, Cal nods and waves me into his room. Dizzy with excitement, I hurry inside, almost hopping from foot to 
G.A. Aiken, How to Drive a Dragon Crazy|Now”—she leaned in a bit—“would you like to go flying with Grandmum before we take you home, so you can watch her toss cows around for no other reason than her own amusement?”“Sounds unnecessarily cruel.”“Exactly!” Rhiannon used her tail to place her granddaughter on her back. “See? Already you’re learning what it means to be part of this family.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|She had never imagined she had the power to make someone else so happy. And not a magical power, either--a purely human one.
George Harrison|Anyway, there is one thing I have learned and that is not to dress uncomfortably, in styles which hurt: winklepicker shoes that cripple your feet and tight pants that squash your balls. Indian clothes are better.
Katie Reus, Running from the Past|Josie, like Gretchen, isn't afraid of blood. What woman would be?
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|However, what he wanted was impossible: the serenity of the Gods cannot be achieved by the sword.
Nikki Sixx|If your album sells, that's cool, more people find out about you, more people get turned on to what we're really about-which is a live rock and roll band.
Jerrold Nadler|Drones can be a highly effective way of dealing with high-priority targets, but they should not become the drug of choice for an administration that is afraid to use successful, legal and safe tactics of the past.
Ghada Karmi, In Search of Fatima: A Palestinian Story|I think each family has a funhouse logic all its own, and in that distortion,in that delusion, all behavior can seem both perfectly normal and crazy.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Did your parents care that he was white?""They never met him." I couldn't imagine taking him to meet my dad. Watching them talk to each other would've been tortuous. Also, I never wanted him to see how small our apartment was. In the end, I guess I really didn't want him to know me.With Daniel, it's different somehow. I want him to see all of me.
Percival Everett, I Am Not Sidney Poitier|I tried to make sense of things. Now that I think about it, I have always tried. It could be my epitaph. LEO GURSKY: HE TRIED TO MAKE SENSE.
Alan Clark|There are few nicer things than sitting up in bed, drinking strong tea, and reading.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|The Word of God will be to you a bulwark and a high tower, a castle of defense against the foe. Oh, see to it that the Word of God is in you, in your very soul, permeating your thoughts, and so operating upon your outward life, that all may know you to be a true Bible-Christian, for they perceive it in your words and deeds.
Abhijit Naskar|Every single creature on earth manages to survive one way or another, but not every creature truly lives.
Robert Hellenga, Philosophy Made Simple|God is the one who puts dreams inside you. So you'd better chase them fast, before He decides to let them chase you instead....Because sometimes He does that, just to get your attention.
Kamand Kojouri|I'll forget me.You forget you.We can be onetogether, happily.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|He was becoming unstuck, he was sure of that - his bones were no longer wrapped in flesh but in clouds of dust, in hummingbirds, dragonflies, and luminous moths - but so perfect was his equilibrium that he felt no fear. He was vast, he was many, he was dynamic, he was eternal.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Home isn't where you're from, it's where you find light when all grows dark.
M. Russell Ballard|You are a beautiful person, Doctor. Clearheaded. Strong. But you seem always to be dragging your heart along the ground. From now on, little by little, you must prepare yourself to face death. If you devote all of your future energy to living, you will not be able to die well. You must begin to shift gears, a little at a time. Living and dying are, in a sense, of equal value."--Nimit in "Thailand
Malorie Blackman, Boys Don't Cry|I wish... I wish he wasn't quite so ashamed of me. And if he could stop feeling so ashamed of himself, then maybe we might stand a chance.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Patience is the inclination to control the racing mind, which wants to jump ahead.
Amelia Mangan, Release|Stanley forced a smile to his lips at the memory of the onesided romance; it was silly, after all, a stupid childhood crush. Who’d fall in love with a fictional character? That was the kind of thing you laughed about as an adult. Or at least Harriet had thought so. He couldn’t quite do it, though. Couldn’t quite see it as a joke. It had felt too real, too raw and wild and fierce, for him todismiss it even now. It was love, of a sort, stunted and unformed as it was. For a time, it had kept him sane.
Sara  Humphreys, Luck of the Irish|Scaoileadh Me....	'Release me.' That was what he said. No doubt about it. It was in Gaelic, but that was what the voice said.	Holy. Crap.
Alice  Miller, The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self|Narcissistic cathexis of the child by the mother does not exclude emotional devotion. On the contrary, she loves the child as her self-object, excessively, though not in the manner that he needs, and always on the condition that he presents his "false self." This is no obstacle to the development of intellectual abilities, but it is one to the unfolding of an authentic emotional life.
C. JoyBell C.|Kylie looked up towards the sky. "Sometimes I just wish Heaven wasn't so far away.
Joy Hakim|My new favorite quote is, "Feed kids Cokes and french fries and you get an obesity crisis. Feed them mental junk food and you get non-readers and poor thinkers.
David Vann|History...to stand in a place and know that this where you come from for a dozen generations or maybe a hundred generations or maybe more. To know there was a great city two thousand years ago in this place, and that your ancestors helped build it and lived there and worked there. When you walk down a small road, all the others who are walking there with you from before.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|(Divorce)We’ll remarry someday when we’ve grown, Like royalty who’ve earned the throne. An aisle made of gold, To have and to hold.My dress made of rags, A suit that’s so torn.All eyes are on me,But mine only on you. You give your hand,A king to his queen,But know this darling,Mulligans aren’t for the weak. By changing the rules,We’re changing the war,The wounds that we’ve known,Battle stains on the floor.But from this day on,The same as before, You are the apple,My eyes still adore.Worth more than one shot,Though we’ll face the worst a lot,Better days will come,If we stay and don’t run.And if a wave takes us out,I know we’ll figure it out. And if the current takes us in, I know we’ll do it all again.
Bayard Rustin|We must make it clear that revolution does not merely mean an upheaval or a sanguinary strife. Revolution necessarily implies the programme of systematic reconstruction of society on new and better adapted basis after complete destruction of the existing state of affairs (i.e., regime).
Khushwant Singh, Train to Pakistan|You don’t live in luxury! You are relegated to sleep in the little store room behind the kitchen with the cockroaches and rats and are at the mercy of Mrs. Gupta,’ Reena was indignant. ‘It’s five-star accommodation compared to a mud hut.
Peter L. Steinke, How Your Church Family Works: Understanding Congregations as Emotional Systems|Have faith in yourself and your ability to make conscious, healthy decisions.
Nanette Mathews|Ignite the fire of loving kindness in your soul, fuel that fire with understanding and compassion for others, and start a bonfire of love worldwide.
Wallace J. Nichols, Blue Mind: The Surprising Science That Shows How Being Near, In, On, or Under Water Can Make You Happier, Healthier, More Connected, and Better at What You Do|The Blue Mind Rx StatementOur wild waters provide vast cognitive, emotional, physical, psychological, social, and spiritual values for people from birth, through adolescence, adulthood, older age, and in death; wild waters provide a useful, widely available, and affordable range of treatments healthcare practitioners can incorporate into treatment plans.The world ocean and all waterways, including lakes, rivers, and wetlands (collectively, blue space), cover over 71% of our planet. Keeping them healthy, clean, accessible, and biodiverse is critical to human health and well-being. In addition to fostering more widely documented ecological, economic, and cultural diversities, our mental well-being, emotional diversity, and resiliency also rely on the global ecological integrity of our waters.Blue space gives us half of our oxygen, provides billions of people with jobs and food, holds the majority of Earth's biodiversity including species and ecosystems, drives climate and weather, regulates temperature, and is the sole source of hydration and hygiene for humanity throughout history. Neuroscientists and psychologists add that the ocean and wild waterways are a wellspring of happiness and relaxation, sociality and romance, peace and freedom, play and creativity, learning and memory, innovation and insight, elation and nostalgia, confidence and solitude, wonder and awe, empathy and compassion, reverence and beauty — and help manage trauma, anxiety, sleep, autism, addiction, fitness, attention/focus, stress, grief, PTSD, build personal resilience, and much more.Chronic stress and anxiety cause or intensify a range of physical and mental afflictions, including depression, ulcers, colitis, heart disease, and more. Being on, in, and near water can be among the most cost-effective ways of reducing stress and anxiety.We encourage healthcare professionals and advocates for the ocean, seas, lakes, and rivers to go deeper and incorporate the latest findings, research, and insights into their treatment plans, communications, reports, mission statements, strategies, grant proposals, media, exhibits, keynotes, and educational programs and to consider the following simple talking points: •Water is the essence of life: The ocean, healthy rivers, lakes, and wetlands are good for our minds and bodies.•Research shows that nature is therapeutic, promotes general health and well-being, and blue space in both urban and rural settings further enhances and broadens cognitive, emotional, psychological, social, physical, and spiritual benefits.•All people should have safe access to salubrious, wild, biodiverse waters for well-being, healing, and therapy.•Aquatic biodiversity has been directly correlated with the therapeutic potency of blue space. Immersive human interactions with healthy aquatic ecosystems can benefit both.•Wild waters can serve as medicine for caregivers, patient families, and all who are part of patients’ circles of support.•Realization of the full range and potential magnitude of ecological, economic, physical, intrinsic, and emotional values of wild places requires us to understand, appreciate, maintain, and improve the integrity and purity of one of our most vital of medicines — water.
Samar Sudha|When a heart gets hurt, its pain comes over the words.”― Samar Sudha
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|How nice-to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|That doesn't sound like my Margo", she said, and I thought of my Margo, and all of us looking at her reflection in different funhouse mirrors.
Amira -Fadil|In your hearts ,you will always find water and flames ,when the flames get out of control ,you need to give them some water ,it's like you have to find the perfect by balancing the fire and water in your hearts for a honest ,truthful life.
Mary Oliver|Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|I have often wondered since at my own firmness. In that dreadful interview with my uncle I had felt, in the whirl and horror of my mind, on the very point of submitting, just as nervous people are said to throw themselves over precipices through sheer dread of falling.
Mark Lawrence, Red Sister|That's my secret and my shame. I'm Nona Grey, war is in my veins, and the screams of my enemies are music to me.
Nurudeen Ushawu|For a better world, we need education. nevertheless, more than education, we need people with common sense.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|that's all the stars do, look at lovers – that's why they're so beautiful
Timothy G. Cameron|Never get into a pissin' contest with a skunk." Mary Jo R.
David Dickson|I have taken all my good deeds and all my bad deeds, and cast them … in a heap before the Lord, and fled from both, and betaken myself to the Lord Jesus Christ, and in him I have sweet peace!
Dada Bhagwan|To change from inauspicious [bad] to auspicious [good] can be done, through egoism. But egoism is not required to come to pure-state from auspicious-state. From there, one will not be able to know where to find the staircase to climb up the steps! That’s why, all this has stopped from going further.
John Leonard|So they left the subject and played croquet, which is a very good game for people who are annoyed with one another, giving many opportunities for venting rancor.
Sarah  Winter, Snowbound|His impulsive buss had been as beautiful as a first kiss to a child. And, she felt, as important.
David Milne|After doing 'Firefly' and moving on, I always wanted to be part of a series again. I love doing films, too, but there's just something special about being part of the team and feeling like you're actually a part of the family, and I always look to re-create that.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|It never took her long to darken any conversation, as from birth she was inclined to see misery in each and every story, and to fabricate some when there was none.
Heather Jonasson, Life In the Land Of the Ice and Snow: Essays, Observations, and Lies|I bought the wrong face soap. Why? Because it says smooth face cleanser on it. I put it on my face and I'm fairly certain it's lotion. I also bought something that says "Body soufflé." What is that? Is it a lotion? Is it shower gel? Am I supposed to eat it?
Johann Arndt, Johann Arndt: True Christianity|Happy man, who is dead to the world, and alive to God! separated from the world, and collected into Christ! Blessed is the man into whose heart such Divine graces are infused, as withdraw it wholly from every tendency to inferior things, and exalt it to the supernal light and glory in the heavens. To obtain which, it is needful to pray daily and instantly to God: seeing it is not possible for a Christian to live without it,
Aristotle, Politics|But of all the things which I have mentioned that which most contributes to the permanence of constitutions is the adaptation of education to the form of government, and yet in our own day this principle is universally neglected. The best laws, though sanctioned by every citizen of the state, will be of no avail unless the young are trained by habit and education in the spirit of the constitution, if the laws are democratical, democratically or oligarchically, if the laws are oligarchical. For there may be a want of self-discipline in states as well as in individuals. Now, to have been educated in the spirit of the constitution is not to perform the actions in which oligarchs or democrats delight, but those by which the existence of an oligarchy or of a democracy is made possible. Whereas among ourselves the sons of the ruling class in an oligarchy live in luxury, but the sons of the poor are hardened by exercise and toil, and hence they are both more inclined and better able to make a revolution. And in democracies of the more extreme type there has arisen a false idea of freedom which is contradictory to the true interests of the state. For two principles are characteristic of democracy, the government of the majority and freedom. Men think that what is just is equal; and that equality is the supremacy of the popular will; and that freedom means the doing what a man likes. In such democracies every one lives as he pleases, or in the words of Euripides, 'according to his fancy.' But this is all wrong; men should not think it slavery to live according to the rule of the constitution; for it is their salvation.
Raf Simons|I don't know whether the universe contains any evidence of intelligent design, but I can assure you that thousands of everyday products do not.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness|I have told the story I was asked to tell. I have closed it, as so many stories close, with a joining of two people. What is one man's and one woman's love and desire, against the history of two worlds, the great revolutions of our lifetimes, the hope, the unending cruelty of our species? A little thing. But a key is a little thing, next to the door it opens. If you lose the key, the door may never be unlocked. It is in our bodies that we lose or begin our freedom, in our bodies that we accept or end our slavery. So I wrote this book for my friend, with whom I have lived and will die free.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|I tagged your ass the other night," I said, "while you were sleeping- and you liked it.""Really? I thought it was a dream." "It was. A WET one.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|That's a spiritual lifestyle, being willing to admit that you don't know everything and that you were wrong about some things. It's about making a list of all the people you've harmed, either emotionally or physically or financially, and going back and making amends. That's a spiritual lifestyle. It's not a fluffy ethereal concept.
Sima Mittal|Seventy years I regard as the limit of the life of man. In these seventy years are contained, without reckoning intercalary months, twenty-five thousand and two hundred days. Add an intercalary month to every other year, that the seasons may come round at the right time, and there will be, besides the seventy years, thirty-five such months, making an addition of one thousand and fifty days. The whole number of the days contained in the seventy years will thus be twenty-six thousand two hundred and fifty, whereof not one but will produce events unlike the rest. Hence man is wholly accident.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|The Hopi, an Indian tribe, have a language as sophisticated as ours, but no tenses for past, present and future. The division does not exist. What does this say about time?Matter, that thing the most solid and the well-known, which you are holding in your hands and which makes up your body, is now known to be mostly empty space. Empty space and points of light. What does this say about the reality of the world?
Jane Hirshfield, Ten Windows: How Great Poems Transform the World|To plunge one thing into the shape or nature of another is a fundamental gesture of creative insight, part of how we make for ourselves a world more expansive, deft, fertile, and startling in richness.
Margaret Atwood, Second Words: Selected Critical Prose|Silence gradually spread its great, fragile butterfly wings across the ward. The sun had disappeared, replaced by grey and rain. This particular month of July was reading the script for March.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|I never know," Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, "What's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?""Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid.
Martin Rees|As we decipher our biology and learn to modify and adjust it, we are learning to modify ourselves - and we will do so. No laws will stop this.
R.A.Delmonico|Light pierces the darkness and is consumed, truth pierces the chaos and is consumed. Every engine takes advantage of a difference. In order to give light, something must be consumed.
Joan  Campbell, Encounters: Life Changing Moments with Jesus|In the Upper Room and on Calvary's hill, Jesus teaches us that the most important aspects of a well-lived life are love, humility and obedience.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|We must understand the need for perfectionism is a corrosive waste of time, because nothing is ever beyond criticism. No matter how many hours you spend to render something flawless, somebody will always be able to find fault with it.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|If you are honest with yourself, your life will be so much more pleasant.
Donna J. Stone|... but now men who could work preferred to beg, and the artists forgot that their calling was noble and became imitators instead of creators, charging exorbitant sums for the rubbish they churned out with one eye closed.
Ellen Ochoa|The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
Hafsah Laziaf, Unbreathable|When I think of war, I see blood. Pain and suffering. Nothing good comes from war.But there is good. There will be an outcome. One side will find peace, solace. While the other will end in bitter loss.There are two sides to the coin of war.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Humility and How to Get It|We try, when we wake, to lay the new day at God’s feet; before we have finished shaving, it becomes our day and God’s share in it is felt as a tribute which we must pay out of ‘our own’ pocket, a deduction from the time which ought, we feel, to be ‘our own’. A man starts a new job with a sense of vocation and, perhaps, for the first week still keeps the discharge of the vocation as his end, taking the pleasures and pains from God’s hand, as they came, as ‘accidents’. But in the second week he is beginning to ‘know the ropes’: by the third, he has quarried out of the total job his own plan for himself within that job, and when he can pursue this he feels that he is getting no more than his rights, and when he cannot, that he is being interfered.
Benjamin Spock|We first crush people to the earth, and then claim the right of trampling on them forever, because they are prostrate.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|What does this think about that?Nothing thinks about anything.Does the earth have consciousness of its stones and plants?If it did, it would be people. . .Why am I worrying about this?If I think about these things,I’ll stop seeing trees and plantsAnd stop seeing the EarthFor only seeing my thoughts...I’ll get unhappy and stay in the dark.And so, without thinking, I have the Earth and the Sky.
Al Jarreau|Once you discover that you can, you must.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|I'm strong beyond appearances reveal,But I'm human, and have weak moments still.
Ivan Turgenev, Home of the Gentry|Traces of human life vanish very quickly: Glafira Petrovna's estate had not yet gone wild, but it seemed already to have sunk into that quiet repose which possesses everything on earth wherever there is no restless human infection to affect it.
Jim Rohn|When you know what you want, and you want it bad enough, you'll find a way to get it.
Jesse Ventura|There are looks that I see on other people that I think would look horrible on me, but I think if somebody has the courage to be really daring and try something outlandish, then more power to them. That's just encouraging and inspiring.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Common sense and every material reality insisted upon the unification of human life throughout the planet and the socialisation of its elementary needs, and pitted against that was the fact that every authority, every institution, every established way of thinking and living was framed to preserve the advantages of the ruling and possessing minority and the separate sovereignty of the militant states that had been evolved within the vanished circumstances of the past.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Anyone can spin a victory, it's a total loss that demands creativity
Peter Bergen|An intelligence officer and historian, Rayburn published a 2014 book, 'Iraq After America,' which is a must-read for anyone who wants to understand how Iraq descended into chaos in the years after the American troop withdrawal at the end of 2011.
Peter Hammill|Al is, and always has been, the person who has been the candidate - the elected official. And he is the one who makes policy. As his wife, I have the wonderful opportunity to advocate for causes that I am passionate about, and I'm thankful for that.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Though these young men unhappily fail tounderstand that the sacrifice of life is, in many cases, the easiest ofall sacrifices, and that to sacrifice, for instance, five or six years oftheir seething youth to hard and tedious study, if only to multiplytenfold their powers of serving the truth and the cause they have setbefore them as their goal--such a sacrifice is utterly beyond the strengthof many of them. 
Gabriel Dumont, Gabriel Dumont Speaks|In (hyper-loyal) cultures, loyalty is so highly prized that it covers a multitude of leadership sins. I’ve seen numerous bad leaders cover their ineptitude by stressing the importance of loyalty over competence. They teach that loyalty is more important than excellence and they use that idea to distract the team from their own inability to perform.
John Oates|I can sing 'Happy Birthday' to you in twelve different places, but one of them is going to make you feel a certain thing, maybe it's a vulnerability, maybe an innocence, maybe another way is sexy and soulful or bluesy whatever it is, but with singers, exploring keys, I think, is important.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|We should have realized it sooner, at least my father should have, that there was no coming back. Not in September when the riots died down, not in October when the subcontinent still lay in shock, not even in November as he had hoped and promised us. Lahore was now lost forever
Stephen King|love is what moves the world, I've always thought...it is the only thing which allows men and women to stand in a world where gravity always seems to want to pull them down...bring them low...and make them crawl...
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|Choices are funny things-ask a native tribe that's eaten grubs and roots forever if they're unhappy, and they'll shrug. But give them filet mignon and truffle sauce and then ask them to go back to living off the land, and they will always be thinking of that gourmet meal. If you don't know there's an alternative, you can't miss it.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|She came from the most worthless of classes - the rich, with a smattering of culture.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|My goals exceed the reach of my energies, but my God exceeds the reach of my goals.
Allen Ginsberg|My care is like my shadow in the sun, Follows me flying, flies when I pursue it, Stands and lies by me, doth what I have done.
Daniel Henderson|For every Gospel action, there is an opposite and devious demonic reaction. We see this in the book of Acts. It appears in church history. We experience it in our personal journeys.
Karl Barth|One important theme is the extent to which one can ever correct an error, especially outside any frame of religious forgiveness. All of us have done something we regret - how we manage to remove that from our conscience, or whether that's even possible, interested me.
Leonard Woolf|God is no enemy to you. He asks no more than that He hear you call Him "Friend."
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Death has his favorites, like anyone. Those who are beloved of Death will not die.
Virginia Woolf|A runner must run with dreams in his heart, not money in his pocket.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter|Courage consists, not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing and conquering it.
Arthur Holitscher|I spoke fire, laughed smoke, and madness spilled forth from my inspiration.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|...Peabody had better retire to her bed; she is clearly in need of recuperative sleep, she has not made a sarcastic remark for fully ten minutes.
George Washington|Not all moral issues have the same moral weight as abortion and euthanasia. There may be legitimate diversity of opinion even among Catholics about waging war and applying the death penalty, but not... with regard to abortion and euthanasia.
Julius Evola, Men Among the Ruins: Post-War Reflections of a Radical Traditionalist|Romantic literature often presents the individual as somebody caught in a struggle against the state and the market. Nothing could be further from the truth. The state and the market are the mother and father of the individual, and the individual can survive only thanks to them. The market provides us with work, insurance and a pension. If we want to study a profession, the government’s schools are there to teach us. If we want to open a business, the bank loans us money. If we want to build a house, a construction company builds it and the bank gives us a mortgage, in some cases subsidised or insured by the state. If violence flares up, the police protect us. If we are sick for a few days, our health insurance takes care of us. If we are debilitated for months, social security steps in. If we need around-the-clock assistance, we can go to the market and hire a nurse – usually some stranger from the other side of the world who takes care of us with the kind of devotion that we no longer expect from our own children. If we have the means, we can spend our golden years at a senior citizens’ home. The tax authorities treat us as individuals, and do not expect us to pay the neighbours’ taxes. The courts, too, see us as individuals, and never punish us for the crimes of our cousins.Not only adult men, but also women and children, are recognised as individuals. Throughout most of history, women were often seen as the property of family or community. Modern states, on the other hand, see women as individuals, enjoying economic and legal rights independently of their family and community. They may hold their own bank accounts, decide whom to marry, and even choose to divorce or live on their own.But the liberation of the individual comes at a cost. Many of us now bewail the loss of strong families and communities and feel alienated and threatened by the power the impersonal state and market wield over our lives. States and markets composed of alienated individuals can intervene in the lives of their members much more easily than states and markets composed of strong families and communities. When neighbours in a high-rise apartment building cannot even agree on how much to pay their janitor, how can we expect them to resist the state?The deal between states, markets and individuals is an uneasy one. The state and the market disagree about their mutual rights and obligations, and individuals complain that both demand too much and provide too little. In many cases individuals are exploited by markets, and states employ their armies, police forces and bureaucracies to persecute individuals instead of defending them. Yet it is amazing that this deal works at all – however imperfectly. For it breaches countless generations of human social arrangements. Millions of years of evolution have designed us to live and think as community members. Within a mere two centuries we have become alienated individuals. Nothing testifies better to the awesome power of culture.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|Too late for that now,” the Eldest Leprechaun said. “The damage is done. Give the thing a name, and it takes shape. They gave a name and a shape to the force that’s always hated us. It’s everything we’re not. It’s New Ireland, it’s money for money’s sake, brown paper envelopes stuffed full of bribes—the turn of mind that says that the old’s only good for theme parks, and the new is all there needs to be. It’s been getting stronger and stronger all this while.And now that it’s more important to the people living in the city than we are, it’s become physically real.
Malcolm Cowley, Exile's Return: A Literary Odyssey of the 1920s|Thus the great civilizer sends out its emissaries, sooner or later, to every sandy cape and light-house of the New World which the census-taker visits, and summons the savage there to surrender.
Thomas Jefferson|Some books you never get over, like a first love. Some books that made an enormous impression on you when you were young you are afraid to read again years later, like being sorry you met that former love for coffee, because you couldn’t see what you once saw. But there are those few books that can still move you in the old, throbbing way.""How I got over
Kyra Jackson|Now I know I'm not broken,For the stars within my soul,Have just built constellations,To keep me feeling whole.
Ryan Sean O'Reilly|We will be one step down from the Creator," she said, her olive-hued face tightening into an expression that she considered dramatic. "Imagining a world and then making it.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|She haunts my dreams.Shadows of the past.Ripping my heart down the seams.No one to blame but me.I'm a lone wolf now, but I still stare up at the moon, Call her name and wonder if she's looking too...
Nelson Goodman|I wanted to translate from one flat surface to another. In fact, my learning disabilities controlled a lot of things. I don't recognize faces, so I'm sure it's what drove me to portraits in the first place.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|His heat, his erotic pull—she could feel it. A weird, pulsing, virtual pull tugging at her skin, her nerve endings. Made her want to…touch. Made her want. The more she resisted the urge, the stronger it became. It would be a relief, really. To just…touch. One little touch. Just one.
Debasish Mridha|Love anyone and everyone, don't fear for rejection. Love is an inner perception, there is only love, no place for rejection.
Gail Mcwilliams, Stuck or Positioned; Its Your Choice|Alone on the terrace looking up at the stars I would not feel lonely. With him glued to the screen, I feel gutted...
Martha C. Nussbaum|An education is truly “fitted for freedom” only if it is such as to produce free citizens, citizens who are free not because of wealth or birth, but because they can call their minds their own. Male and female, slave-born and freeborn, rich and poor, they have looked into themselves and developed the ability to separate mere habit and convention from what they can defend by argument. They have ownership of their own thought and speech, and this imparts to them a dignity that is far beyond the outer dignity of class and rank.
Yilda B. Rivera, Courage Under Fire|God listens and He responds. Sometimes His reply could be “I’m with you. Do not be afraid.” Sadly, many times we withdrew long before receiving the blessing He has for us, what He wants to show us; or we get disappointed because we don’t recognize His answer for not being what we expected.
Peter Høeg|Around a child, people come and go, objects appear and are taken away, surroundings take shape and disintegrate. And no explanation is given, because how can you explain the world to a child?So she had used the words. Words call forth and secure that which has gone away. With her lists she had ensured that whatever she had once known would come back
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Starshine’s greatest challenge is deciding whether a woman is too young to soothe or too old to shame. Handling the men is much easier. They may feign interest in figures and photos, but their underlying interest is for breasts and thighs. A generous smile often adds an extra zero to a check; an additional inch of exposed cleavage can clothe five Laotian children. The vast majority of these men do not expect to purchase Starshine’s favors. They are husbands, fathers, pillars of the community, the sort of upstanding middle-aged patriarchs who would rather castrate their libidos than compromise their reputations, and even if their three-digit donations could earn them a quickie with the canvasser, they would deny themselves the pleasure.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Only those who have never known fear are allowed to think less of others for being afraid. Frankly, I think anyone who has never been afraid of anything in their entire life is either a liar or lacks imagination.
Donald Johanson|Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.
Stan Slap|A manager’s emotional commitment is the ultimate trigger for their discretionary effort, worth more than financial, intellectual & physical commitment combined.
Martha Beck|There’s a Chinese word that means “soul sister,” and that is the word I would use to address you in my heart. Listen to me, soul sister: Fate or luck or destiny already put you through hell once. Please don’t make it worse by condemning yourself. There is no choice that would have left you feeling no guilt. Every time I watch Adam struggle to speak, every time I see another child laugh and point at him, every time I watch his face fall as he realizes he is not going to be treated like the other kids, I feel wrenched by guilt just as you did when you heard my story. Life is hard. We make the best choices we can. Condemnation, whether it comes from around you or inside you, only robs the world of another dram of compassion. God knows, we need all the compassion we can get. If you promise to try to forgive yourself, I’ll try to forgive myself as well. I think, in my heart of hearts, that there is nothing for either one of us to forgive.
Morgan Freeman|If you look at romantic comedies as pieces of commerce, the audience is looking for wish fulfillment.
Robert Fulghum, Robert Fulghum Boxed Set|Instructions For WayfarersThey will declare: Every journey has been taken.You shall respond: I have not been to see myself.They will insist: Everything has been spoken.You shall reply: I have not had my say.They will tell you: Everything has been done.You shall reply: My way is not complete.You are warned: Any way is long, any way is hard.Fear not. You are the gate - you, the gatekeeper.And you shall go through and on . . .—Alexandros Evangelou Xenopouloudakis,THIRD WISH
Michelle Madow, Timeless|I was moved beyond words. The train ride over the mountains from lake Titticaca to Cusco reminded me of Africa where I grew up; and 4 days walking on the Inca Trail, then more in the jungle, just magnificent - time, space, and splendour. Our planet is superb!
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|I get that. For you, it’s more than following a bunch of rules—no sex, no booze, no swear words, pray every night and twice on Sunday.
Tim Tebow|I never was deeply interested in any object; I never prayed sincerely and earnestly for anything, but it came at some time - no matter how distant, in some way, in some shape, probably the last I should have devised, it came. And yet, I have always had so little faith. God forgive me.
James Long|Some moments in a life, and they needn't be very long or seem very important, can make up for so much in that life; can redeem, justify, that pain, that bewilderment, with which one lives, and invest one with the courage not only to endure it, but to profit from it' some moments teach one the price of human connection: if one can live with one's own pain, then one respects the pain of others, and so, briefly, but transcendentally, we can release each other from pain.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|The poet gives his whole life such a voluntarily steep incline that it is impossible for it to exist in the vertical line of biography where we expect to meet it. It is not to be found under his own name and must be sought under those of others, in the biographical columns of his followers. The more self-contained the individuality from which the life derives, the more collective, without any figurative speaking, is its story.
Spiderman 3|Whatever comes our way, whatever battle we have raging inside of us, we always have a choice. It is our choices that makes us who we are, and we always have a choice to do what's right ~ Let love and forgiveness reign.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|In every situation, there is a sacred answer. You must search and seek.
Shaffi Mather|The most dangerous fundamentalists aren't just waging war in Iraq; they're attacking evolution, blocking medical research and ignoring the environment.
Nancy S. Mure, EAT! Empower, Adjust, Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed On Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|Pregnancy is a natural event, but you lessen the chances conception can occur with an unnatural diet.
Robert Harris|The people who have impacted the world didn't live long. Martin Luther King. John F. Kennedy. These people who impact the world were not old people, but they lived so effectively that we cannot erase them from history.
K. Howard Joslin, Honest Wrestling: Questions of Faith When Attacked by Life|We don’t know the final outcome, or even know how long the battle will last, but we do know the referee.
N.R. Walker, Sixty Five Hours|God, thought Ross, it does work, and unfairly; but I want her, not any other, not the most beautiful eighteen-year-old damsel born out of a sea-shell, not the most seductive houri of any sultan's harem; I want her with her familiar gestures and her shining smile and her scarred knees, and I know she wants me in just the same way, and if there's any happiness more complete than this I don't know it and am not sure I even want it.
Mat Johnson, Loving Day|The concert we give is winning. And if all the people in our organization whose instrument is scouting of player development or major league scouting or player knowledge, all play well, we're going to have the most beautiful symphony of success. And I think we have.
Paul Watzlawick, Münchhausen's Pigtail, or Psychotherapy & "Reality"|...if I only knew how much longer we had to put up with each other's company, I'd start counting the days.
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment|I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.
Zoe Sugg|Oh, Barley. You know me so well. Better than any cat ever has. But there is a secret that I have kept from you without meaning to: I have always been a warrior. I have a loyalty to these cats, and I must fight alongside them, whatever happens.
Deyth Banger|Awesome, Monk have a brother from the film Monk 2000, however... what makes you think that film and reality are different?
Matt Groening|I know all those words, but that sentence makes no sense to me.
Patrick Hamilton, The Slaves of Solitude|And didst thou imbibe mighty potions from the fruit of the grape (...)? And hast thou one Ache, this morning (...) appertaining unto Head, and much repentance in thy Soul forsooth?
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Hyperion|O, how wonderful is the human voice! It is indeed the organ of the soul! The intellect of man sits enthroned visibly upon his forehead and in his eye; and the heart of man is written upon his countenance. But the soul reveals itself in the voice only; as God revealed himself to the prophet of old in the still, small voice; and in a voice from the burning bush. The soul of man is audible, not visible. A sound alone betrays the flowing of the eternal fountain, invisible to man!
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The heroic books, even if printed in the character of our mother tongue, will always be in a language dead to degenerate times; and we must laboriously seek the meaning of each word and line, conjecturing a larger sense than common use permits out of what wisdom and valor and generosity we have.
Douglas Rushkoff|The FBI has built up substantial expertise to address cyber threats, both in the homeland and overseas. Here at home, the FBI serves as the executive agent for the National Cyber Investigative Joint Task Force (NCIJTF), which joins together 19 intelligence, law enforcement, and military agencies to coordinate cyber threat investigations.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists|Just then there came the wheezy sound of an accordion. It was an odd little tune that, had he been alive exactly one hundred and fifty years later, the scarf-wearing pirate would have recognized as the first few bars from ‘Theme to Murder, She Wrote’.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|We are all living history, and it’s hard to say now what will be important in the future. One thing’s certain, though: if we throw it away, it’s gone.
Bertolt Brecht, The Good Woman of Setzuan|They are tragic,' said Vetinari, 'and we laugh at their tragedy as we laugh at our own. The painted grin leers out at us from the darkness, mocking our insane belief in order, logic, status, the reality of reality. The mask knows that we are born on the banana skin that leads only to the open manhole cover of doom, and all we can hope for are the cheers of the crowd.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|In the end, people don't view their life as merely the average of all its moments—which, after all, is mostly nothing much plus some sleep. For human beings, life is meaningful because it is a story. A story has a sense of a whole, and its arc is determined by the significant moments, the ones where something happens. Measurements of people's minute-by-minute levels of pleasure and pain miss this fundamental aspect of human existence. A seemingly happy life maybe empty. A seemingly difficult life may be devoted to a great cause. We have purposes larger than ourselves.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|...that in spite of living in a mansion an American is not above wearing a pair of secondhand pants, bought for fifty cents.
Thomas Jefferson|If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.
Rebecah McManus, Colliding Worlds|I had made it somewhere special, and I'd gotten there all on my own. Nobody had given it to me. Nobody had told me to do it. I'd climbed and climbed and climbed, and this was my reward. To watch over the world, and to be alone with myself. That, I found, was what I needed.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Even fifteen hundred miles away, even on the phone, Georgie was more alive than anything else in his life. He felt his cheeks warm just thinking about seeing her again. That's what Georgie did to him, she pulled the blood to the surface of his skin. She acted on him, tidally. She made him feel like things were happening, like life was happening, and even if he was miserable sometimes, he wasn't going to sleep through it.He ran his hand over his pocket. The ring was still there. It had been there since he left the nursing home. His great aunt had pressed it into Neal's hands. 'I don't need this anymore, I never really needed it, but Harold liked to see it on my finger. It was a family ring,' she said. 'It should stay in the family.' Neal made up his mind as soon as he saw it. The future was going to happen, even if he wasn’t ready for it. Even if he was never ready for it. At least he could make sure he was with the right person. Wasn’t that the point of life? To find someone to share it with? And if you got that part right, how far wrong could you go? If you were standing next to the person you loved more than everything else, wasn’t everything else just scenery?
Dalai Lama XIV|If you can cultivate the right attitude, your enemies are your best spiritual teachers because their presence provides you with the opportunity to enhance and develop tolerance, patience and understanding.
Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance|Napoleon would always be extremely fastidious when it came to other people's morals, although his own were frequently questionable.
Wendell Berry|She was another gift, surely, to us all. She was a happiness that made me cry.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When individuals and communities do not govern self, they risk being ruled by external forces that care less about the well-being of the village.
Randolph M. Nesse, Why We Get Sick: The New Science of Darwinian Medicine|A modern hospital is like Grand Central Station—all noise and hubbub, and is filled with smoking physicians, nurses, orderlies, patients and visitors. Soft drinks are sold on each floor and everybody guzzles these popular poisons. The stench of chemicals offends the nose, while tranquillizers substitute for quietness.
Robert S. Cosmar|The soul does not condemn us. It is not the God of our fathers. Soul is the essence of existence and it is free and limitless. It gives all things the freedom to be, to grow, and eventually to know. It is not a judge, but a passive observer of all things.The soul is the feeling of life, without the judgment and separation of the mind and ego. It has no commandments for us to follow, other than to live, learn, and grow in awareness of ourselves and life by experience.When we accept ourselves as we are and the events of our life, we are following the soul of existence. We are given opportunities to learn, grow, and know our natural self, without judgment.When we follow the god of the ego, we must judge our actions and our life. The soul is not a judge of life.The soul allows us to fail in following its love and wisdom, without condemnation.
Anonymous|What, in all very seriousness, the hell was going on?
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|When all things go bad, do not think so badly about all things, instead think about the things that made all things bad and change something!
Ben Shapiro|There are some times when you make films and you travel places, and the take that people in the business have is that the worst way to see a city is to shoot there, because you work these long 12, 13 and 14-hour days, and you go home to the hotel, you eat, and you pass out.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Beneath the vast diamond sky, I felt both all important and utterly significant, the goddess and the damned in equal measure.
Abraham Lincoln|If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Necklace of Goddess Athena|I’m saying I love you, Cami. All of that was as real for me as it was for you. I’m asking if you’ll stick this out beside me. I’m willing to lose my badge and even be dishonorably discharged if that’s the case. I just don’t want to lose you.
Henry Spencer|Sometimes people wonder why aeroplanes are so cheap and rockets are so expensive. Even the most superficial comparison shows one obvious difference: aeroplane engines use outside air to burn their fuel, while rockets have to carry their own oxidisers along.
Christina Engela, Autumn Burning: Dreadtime Stories for the Wicked Soul|The patriarchy longs for the days 'when men were men' and women were oppressed, subservient - and they can see no wrong in it. It justifies its former power and lust to hold on to it - and if possible, to regain it by quoting fundamentalist and radical religion and tradition and calling it 'love'. Some love. How can oppression and power over another person's life ever be 'love'?
Katherine Johnson|The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Well, very long ago, on the spot where the Wild Wood waves now, before ever it had planted itself and grown up to what it now is, there was a city - a city of people, you know. Here, where we are standing, they lived, and walked, and talked, and slept, and carried on their business. Here they stabled their horses and feasted, from here they rode out to fight or drove out to trade. They were a powerful people, and rich, and great builders. They built to last, for they thought their city would last for ever.
David Wroblewski|And from the look on his face I could see he was one of the lucky ones, one of those people who like doing what they're good at. That's rare. When you see that in a person, you can't miss it.
Stella McCartney|If you see a player out in public having dinner, chances are he's with his boring money manager or some boring rich guy he hopes to design a golf course for.
Rossana Condoleo|When you smile from within good things come to you from without. Just breathe, your music will come.
Deyth Banger|To say that nothing is true is to realize that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions, and that we must live with their consequences, whether glorious of tragic.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|With respect to the environment in our state and our state's future - in addition to water which is very important here - I think it is crucial for him to make a sincere commitment to energy efficiency, fuel efficiency, by helping us to produce those cars of the future.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|I don't wanna take my time going to work, I got a motorcycle and a sleeping bag and ten or fifteen girls. What the hell I wanna go off and go to work for? Work for what? Money? I got all the money in the world. I'm the king, man. I run the underworld, guy. I decide who does what and where they do it at. What am I gonna run around like some teeny bopper somewhere for someone elses money? I make the money man, I roll the nickels. The game is mine. I deal the cards
Ivanka Trump|On 'Saturday Night Live,' I never really wrote. You know, I would just - I would let the writers cast me into the show. So my strength - and I put all my energies into performance. I just couldn't deal with the rejection, you know, getting your sketches cut, and it was hard for me.
Patricia E. West, Two Sides of a Coin: Lao Tze's Common Sense Way of Change|If giving hurts, then receiving will likely hurt, and you must again ask yourself why you feel or think the way you do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sometimes people are very predictable: they want a kitten in June, for example, and come the first of September they want someone to drown their cat. So someone does. But other times, people have dreams and things they want they can keep. Eriksson was the man who fulfilled these dreams. No one knew exactly what he found for himself along the way - probably a lot less than people thought. But he went on doing it anyway, perhaps for the sake of the search.
Sir Peter Medawar|I have been scientifically studying the traits and dispositions of the “lower animals” (so-called,) and contrasting them with the traits and dispositions of man. I find the result profoundly humiliating to me. For it obliges me to renounce my allegiance to the Darwinian theory of the Ascent of Man from the Lower Animals; since it now seems plain to me that that theory ought to be vacated in favor of a new and truer one, this new and truer one to be named the Descent of Man from the Higher Animals.
Daniel Webster, The Writings and Speeches of Daniel Webster: Diplomatic Papers and Miscellaneous Letters|If you say there is no such thing as morality in absolute terms, then child abuse is not evil, it just may not happen to be your thing.
Elvis Costello|I’ve been trying to stay real and true and proud of who I am,all those ideals of how to lookI’ve been trying not to care.But I’m still holding my breath, I ‘m still watching every step.I’m still tip-toeing away, when I’m getting to ashamed of myself. I don’t want to be your letdown,I’m scared like hell I’m not enough.I don’t wanna beyour failure anymore.— The Glass Child, Letdown
William L. Lavell|You don’t like my restaurant, Miss Connor?” “I couldn’t say since the waiting list to get in is six months long.” One side of his mouth curved up. “This is true.” His finger lingered, and I tried to swallow the nervous lump in my throat. “I think you can call me by my first name now, seeing as how you’re touching my boob. That puts us a little past formality, don’t you think?
Sherwood Anderson, Short Shorts|A wise man governs his eyes, not because it is wrong to delight in beauty, but because otherwise his delight may suffer transmutation into something very different.
John Wilmot, The Complete Poems|Now piercèd is her virgin zone;She feels the foe within it.She hears a broken amorous groan,The panting lover's fainting moan,Just in the happy minute.
Eric Foner, The New American History|Hey, Pedro, could you get your shopping cart out of my faculty parking space? Yes, I know you live on the street. But you know how hard it is to find a parking spot on the Upper West Side. After all, you used to be one of my best students! So how's that Columbia degree working out for you? Not so good, huh? Sorry about that. Really! But you know, a college degree isn't like some cheap used car. There's no warantee. Right, there's no Lemon Law either. Buyer beware! Look, Pedro, I don't want to call security again. Yes, I know they're your cousins. What's that? You'll wash my car for a dollar? Well, I guess that's a good deal. Where's your sponge bucket? What's that? You've got a hose? What do you mean, it's tucked in your pants? Hey Pedro -- no, no, no don't -- aw, Pedro!
Seamus Heaney, Station Island|But, later, coming back and reading what I have produced, I am unable to detect the difference between what came easily and when I had to sit down and say, "Well, now it's writing time and now I'll write.
Tamora Pierce, The Woman Who Rides Like a Man|She absorbed the terror and beauty of him and his world. Of every moment over the past days. All of it, filling her up like the first breath she'd ever taken. And never had she loved life more.
Vladimir Lenin, Imperialism, the highest stage of capitalism: a popular outline|The theory of exodus proposes that the most effective way of opposing capitalism and the liberal state is not through direct confrontation but by means of what Paolo Virno has called “engaged withdrawal,”mass defection by those wishing to create new forms of community. One need only glance at the historical record to confirm that most successful forms of popular resistance have taken precisely this form. They have not involved challenging power head on (this usually leads to being slaughtered, or if not, turning into some—often even uglier—variant of thevery thing one first challenged) but from one or another strategy of slipping away from its grasp, from flight, desertion, the founding of new communities.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|In the realm of Ahura, there are two lands, one of light and one of dark. The land of light is where the mountain lay, and near its top is where the Zoroastrians dwell. They are the people of the land, and the chosen Twelve are their most powerful leaders and protectors. It is a beautiful sight, not like anything in mortal existence. The peak stretches up toward a sky of amber and blue. During certain hours, a purple hue explodes along the skyline, stretching out into the distance of one side of the mountain, extending farther than the eye can grasp. This is a constant. Never without light.
William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra|We, ignorant of ourselves,Beg often our own harms, which the wise powersDeny us for our good; so find we profitBy losing of our prayers.
Brian Tracy|The essence of a successful business is really quite simple. It is your ability to offer a product or service that people will pay for at a price sufficiently above your costs, ideally three or four or five times your cost, thereby giving you a profit that enables you to buy and to offer more products and services.
Taylor Swift|I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. I hope you know that who you are is who you choose to be, and that whispers behind your back don't define you. You are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|We have an obligation to make things beautiful, to not leave the world uglier than we found it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Every idea is in the soul of its owner. No other power can shift it to another soul, that is why we have the telephone, aircraft, etc, each having its unique inventor.
John Muir|Handle a book as a bee does a flower, extract its sweetness but do not damage it.
Os Guinness|Change Your Energy, Change Your Life
Kathryn Orford|Sometimes our Biggest Nightmare turns out to be our Biggest Gift. And it all comes down to our attitude. Life will throw us curve balls and disappointments, even heartbreak. But ultimately we can choose if we're going to be Bitter or Better for the experience.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read
Ernest Becker|The artist takes in the world, but instead of being oppressed by it, he reworks it in his own personality and recreates it in the work of art.
Sean Quinn|And I was very shy as a kid; if you sang me 'Happy Birthday,' I would cry. Quite shy. So the idea of being an actor, much less a model, was just out of this world.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Without radical humility that is expressed in gestures of adoration and in sacred rituals, no friendship with God is possible. Silence manifests this connection in an obvious way. True Christian silence makes itself sacred silence first so as to become silence of communion.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|My days I devote to reading and experiments in chemistry, and I spend many of the clear nights in the study of astronomy. There is, though I do not know how there is or why there is, a sense of infinite peace and protection in the glittering hosts of heaven. There it must be, I think, in the vast and eternal laws of matter, and not in the daily cares and sins and troubles of men, that whatever is more than animal within us must find its solace and its hope.
Jeremy Irons|I'm kind of a failure. I mean, I'll be honest. I'm successful in that I'm getting to work on great stuff, but I think I'm a failure in all the personal stuff that is most important to me.
Lewis Spence, British Fairy Origins|I tell you, my idea of a ghost is something quite different. Dead men rise up never – read even your poets. Ghosts breed in the living.
John   Kramer|When there is a crisis, let your heart pray, but let your hands work.
Nina -, Johnny Kiddow|Only those who vacillate have the possibility to regret. Those who know what they want, they have it easy; if everything goes wrong, they know they did not have a choice.
Amit  Chatterjee, Ascent: A Practising Manager's Growth Mantra|Leaders are passionate about the Purpose, while Managers need to be passionate about the Results!
Betsy Beers|I have a word quota I try to fulfill every day, and I try to do that in the morning and into the afternoon and then go out with friends at night. I love singing and have lessons and enjoy drama, and so I am involved in that.
Kelley Armstrong, The Gathering|It was completely fifth garde and completely silly and I loved it, because he wasn't afraid to be silly. It was like kissing him first - I could do whatever I wanted and not have to worry what he'd think of me.
Ashly Lorenzana|A disciple...can never imitate his guide's steps. You have your own way of living your life, of dealing with problems, and of winning. Teaching is only demonstrating that it is possible. Learning is making it possible for yourself.
Candace Bushnell, Summer and the City|Dreaming is risky. While only some dreams can put you at physical risk, all dreams require that you take an emotional risk. By their nature, dreams create a gap between your present reality and the reality you want to have, causing you to question whether you can bridge that gap. This risk alone can be so daunting for people that they prefer to leave their dreams in their childhood or buried away beneath layers of fear, doubt, and resignation. That’s why dreaming bigger dreams takes courage; it means risking the possibility that your dreams will not come true.
Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go|At some point, loneliness become less a condition than a habit. In time, you stop looking at your phone wondering why you can't think of anyone to call, stop getting you hair cut, stop working out, stop thinking that tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life. Because tomorrow is today, and today is yerterday, and yesterday beat the shit out of you and brought you to your knees. The only way to stay sane is to stop hoping for something better.
Ruth McPhee, Female Masochism in Film: Sexuality, Ethics and Aesthetics|Attitudes towards menstrual blood in contemporary Western culture still circle around the subject with a mixture of denial and horror, advertisements for sanitary products typically use blue liquid in an attempt to sanitize the reality of blood, weary old jokes circulate about not trusting anything that bleeds for seven days and does not die. Menstrual blood is constructed either as something that requires a hygienic makeover or as something unnatural and obscene, a further indication of the horrors of sexual difference and the threatening ‘secrets’ of the female body.
Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville|Exploration! Exploring the past! We students in the camps seminar considered ourselves radical explorers. We tore open the windows and let in the air, the wind that finally whirled away the dust that society had permitted to settle over the horrors of the past. We made sure people could see. And we placed no reliance on legal scholarship. It was evident to us that there had to be convictions. It was just as evident as conviction of this or that camp guard or police enforcer was only the prelude. The generation that had been served by the guards and enforcers, or had done nothing to stop them, or had not banished them from its midst as it could have done after 1945, was in the dock, and we explored it, subjected it to trial by daylight, and condemned it to shame.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|He did touch people's lives, the lives of strangers, in an entirely unanticipated way. It was they who really mourned him - or what they thought was him - with a grief that was no less sharp for not being intimate with its object.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|I played the part well, but I was as fake as a California tan on an Alaskan cheerleader.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|To still seek God after discovering Him may be a love paradox of the soul, as A.W. Tozer reminds us; but to earnestly continue to perceive God and make Him perceivable, is the quintessence of worship.
Dada Bhagwan|Keep on doing whatever it is that you have been doing; but, do no attachment-abhorrence. If ‘You’ stay in ‘Your [Pure Soul] state’; attachment-abhorrence will not occur.
Latika Teotia|Whatever is happening to me is for my good; I have full faith in God. He will never do something that is not good for us nor will He ever forsake us. He works in mysterious ways and keeps an eye on each one of us. Therefore, I will continue on my path and continue doing what I’m doing as also what I want to do. I’ll not hold myself back. If there is a mess around me, I’ll work even harder to turn it into something positive; perhaps God has a message for me, I’ll try to find it. My faith in the Good Lord is unshakeable.
Ane Krstevska|Sometimes life knocks you down, but all you need to do is to get up because happiness isn’t in the absence of problems but the strength to overcome.
Stephen King, It|...she did remember on time when she got her period, sliding open the cupboard under the bathroom sink to get a sanitary napkin; she remembered looking at the box of Stayfree pads and thinking that the box looked almost smug, seemed almost to be saying: Hello, Patty! We are your children. We are the only children you will ever have, and we are hungry. Nurse us. Nurse us on blood.
Yōko Tawada, Memoirs of a Polar Bear|I am alone, but never lonely. I am lonely, but never alone.
David Lynch|Brains are tricky and adaptable organs. For all the 'neuroplasticity' allowing our brains to reconfigure themselves to the biases of our computers, we are just as neuroplastic in our ability to eventually recover and adapt.
Jonathan Swift|But by what I have gathered from your own relation, and the answers I have with much pains wrung and extorted from you, I cannot but conclude the bulk of your natives to be the most pernicious race of odious vermin that nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth.
Louis MacNeice, Collected Poems of Louis MacNeice|I wrote about the rush of love, the changing of a woman into a mother—a process that happened without conscious thought, as if the heart knew what the mind and body took time to learn. Love is the one thing that matters. That makes everything else matter. That makes everything worthwhile.
Dario Argento|The same sensations that you get in heavy metal are in horror movies. Heavy metal sounds evil and horror movies are evil, ha ha!
Claudia Gray|It saddens me to see girls proudly declaring they’re not like other girls – especially when it’s 41,000 girls saying it in a chorus, never recognizing the contradiction. It’s taking a form of contempt for women – even a hatred for women – and internalizing it by saying, Yes, those girls are awful, but I’m special, I’m not like that, instead of stepping back and saying, This is a lie.The real meaning of “I’m not like the other girls” is, I think, “I’m not the media’s image of what girls should be.” Well, very, very few of us are. Pop culture wants to tell us that we’re all shallow, backstabbing, appearance-obsessed shopaholics without a thought in our heads beyond cute boys and cuter handbags. It’s a lie – a flat-out lie – and we need to recognize it and say so instead of accepting that judgment as true for other girls, but not for you.
Karuna|The more a happy and positive person you are, The more successful and easy your life will be.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|No daydreaming. No music, film, art, creative thinking or business.
Alicia Vikander|The British are very stubborn. The Queen, the Commonwealth, and the special relationship with the U.S. is much more important than Europe.
Angela Sloan, "The Lovesick Picture Show" Songs of my Selfie|It's funny, the roles we play, the way we have to give up the old ones before we have room for the new ones. The first-first love stuff never goes away in here" she said, pointing to her head. "It makes you who you are. But in here," putting her hand on her chest, "time lets that grow and change. You'll see
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|So we will cover every possibility. We will take turns at the telescope. I will keep watch in the day, and at night you will take my place, and together we will see to it that no part of the sky goes unobserved.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|You see," I said, "I'm a socialist. I don't think this world was made for a small minority to dance on the faces of everyone else.
Evan Handler, It's Only Temporary: The Good News and the Bad News of Being Alive|Listen," Mac interrupted, "you still have to knock it out of the park. But it's a degree-of-difficulty thing. You're doing a triple lutz and she's skating. You're the Sasha Cohen here.
|Think about your past victories, and then look into the eye of your current obstacle and tell it that it will soon lose like your defeated obstacles.
Debasish Mridha|When we are kind to animals, they become loving and kind to us. It is our sacred duty to love the creator and the creations.
Mary Oliver|It was a garden, a walled garden. Overgrown but with beautiful bones visible still. Someone had cared for this garden once. The remains of two paths snaked back and forth, intertwined like the lacing on an Irish dancing shoe. Fruit trees had been espaliered around the sides, and wires zigzagged from the top of one wall to the top of another. Hungry, wisteria branches had woven themselves around to form a sort of canopy.Against the southern wall, an ancient and knobbled tree was growing. Cassandra went closer. It was the apple tree, she realized, the one whose bough had reached over the wall. She lifted her hand to touch one of the golden fruit. The tree was about sixteen feet high and shaped like the Japanese bonsai plant Nell had given Cassandra for her twelfth birthday.
Rocky13|But that wasn't the chief thing that bothered me: I couldn't reconcile myself with that preoccupation with sin that, so far as I could tell, was never entirely absent from the monks' thoughts. I'd known a lot of fellows in the air corps. Of course they got drunk when they got a chance, and had a girl whenever they could and used foul language; we had one or two had hats: one fellow was arrested for passing rubber cheques and was sent to prison for six months; it wasn't altogether his fault; he'd never had any money before, and when he got more than he'd ever dreamt of having, it went to his head. I'd known had men in Paris and when I got back to Chicago I knew more, but for the most part their badness was due to heredity, which they couldn't help, or to their environment, which they didn't choose: I'm not sure that society wasn't more responsible for their crimes than they were. If I'd been God I couldn't have brought myself to condemn one of them, not even the worst, to eternal damnation. Father Esheim was broad-minded; he thought that hell was the deprivation of God's presence, but if that is such an intolerable punishment that it can justly be called hell, can one conceive that a good God can inflict it? After all, he created men, if he so created them that ti was possible for them to sin, it was because he willed it. If I trained a dog to fly at the throat of any stranger who came into by back yard, it wouldn't be fair to beat him when he did so.If an all-good and all-powerful God created the world, why did he create evil? The monks said, so that man by conquering the wickedness in him, by resisting temptation, by accepting pain and sorrow and misfortune as the trials sent by God to purify him, might at long last be made worthy to receive his grace. It seem to me like sending a fellow with a message to some place and just to make it harder for him you constructed a maze that he had to get through, then dug a moat that he had to swim and finally built a wall that he had to scale. I wasn't prepared to believe in an all-wise God who hadn't common sense. I didn't see why you shouldn't believe in a God who hadn't created the world, buyt had to make the best of the bad job he'd found, a being enormously better, wiser and greater than man, who strove with the evil he hadn't made and who might be hoped in the end to overcome it. But on the other hand I didn't see why you should.
Ma Jun|Brands who come to China, often they just care about price - so they actually drive the suppliers to cut corners on environmental standards to win a contract.
Emil Zatopek|A friend should be one in whose understanding and virtue we can equally confide, and whose opinion we can value at once for its justness and its sincerity.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Sometimes we have thoughts that even we don’t understand. Thoughts that aren’t even true—that aren’t really how we feel—but they’re running through our heads anyway because they’re interesting to think about.If you could hear other people’s thoughts, you’d overhear things that are true as well as things that are completely random. And you wouldn’t know one from the other. It’d drive you insane. What’s true? What’s not? A million ideas, but what do they mean?
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|For those I come from, there is nothing more devouring than the feeling of want for home, the feeling of need for home. We are all waiting for a form of transport, a ship, a saucer to carry us out of the too-dark night.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|For me the thing that signals a great story is what we might call its autonomy, the fact that it detaches itself from its author like a soap bubble blown from a clay pipe.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun;Coral is far more red than her lips' red;If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun;If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head.I have seen roses damask'd, red and white,But no such roses see I in her cheeks;And in some perfumes is there more delightThan in the breath that from my mistress reeks.I love to hear her speak, yet well I knowThat music hath a far more pleasing sound;I grant I never saw a goddess go;My mistress, when she walks, treads on the ground: And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare As any she belied with false compare.
Chetan Bhagat, 2 States: The Story of My Marriage|He can read and write, but he doesn't get what he's read. He's half-baked. The country is full of people like him, I'll tell you that. And we entrust our glourious parliamentary democracy
Michael Harris, Solitude: A Singular Life in a Crowded World|We live in a society of {more, faster, and extra.} So we feel the need to respond {more, faster, and extra.} Such a useless exercise. So much joy can be found in slowing down.
Charli XCX|I was never the cool kid in school, and loads of people told me that I was weird, that I dressed uncool and did uncool things, that I was too nice, too happy.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|DEMETRIUSRelent, sweet Hermia: and, Lysander, yieldThy crazed title to my certain right.LYSANDERYou have her father's love, Demetrius;Let me have Hermia's: do you marry him.
Rachel Hunter|Finally, a good prosecutor knows that her job is to enforce the law without fear or favor. Likewise, a Supreme Court Justice must interpret the laws without fear or favor.
Tim Johnson|The Nordic countries are leading the way on women's equality, recognizing women as equal citizens rather than commodities for sale.
Isabel Allende, The Japanese Lover|I go, but I always remember you.
Lysa TerKeurst, Becoming More Than a Good Bible Study Girl|Too many of us live with an uncontrolled thought life. It is possible to learn to identify destructive thoughts and make wiser choices. Instead of letting those thoughts rumble freely about in my mind, I make the choice to harness them and direct them toward truth.
Kirby Smart|My mother had taught shorthand and typing to support us since my father died, and secretly she hated it and hated him for dying and leaving no money because he didn't trust life insurance salesmen.
Seanan McGuire, Chaos Choreography|Brenna Kelly, meet Alice Price-Healy. Grandma, meet Breanna. No one is shooting, stabbing or immolating anyone in this hotel room.""Please," added Dominic. "I have to sleep here.""HAIL!" Rejoiced the mice. "HAIL THE LACK OF STABBING, SHOOTING AND FLAME!
Jackie Robinson|Pain reaches the heart with electrical speed, but truth moves to the heart as slowly as a glacier.
Carlos Slim|I grew up a Michael Jordan fan; that was my first idol. But my true sports idol was Deion Sanders: he was the person I always wanted to be. I wanted to play two sports professionally, which would never happen, but to me, that was every kid's dream.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Great men tell the truth and are never believed. Lesser men are always believed, but seldom have the brains or the courage to tell the truth.
Euripides, Medea and Other Plays: Medea / Alcestis / The Children of Heracles / Hippolytus|Arm yourself, my heart: the thing that you must do is fearful, yet inevitable.
Tennessee Williams|It is only in his work that an artist can find reality and satisfaction, for the actual world is less intense than the world of his invention and consequently his life, without recourse to violent disorder, does not seem very substantial. The right condition for him is that in which his work in not only convenient but unavoidable.
Thomas Merton, Thoughts in Solitude|My Lord God, I have no idea where I am going. I do not see the road ahead of me. I cannot know for certain where it will end. Nor do I really know myself, and the fact that I think that I am following your will does not mean that I am actually doing so. But I believe that the desire to please you does in fact please you. And I hope I have that desire in all that I am doing. I hope that I will never do anything apart from that desire. And I know that if I do this you will lead me by the right road though I may know nothing about it. Therefore will I trust you always though I may seem to be lost and in the shadow of death. I will not fear, for you are ever with me, and you will never leave me to face my perils alone.
Terry Brooks, A Princess of Landover|It is not so much what happens to you as how you think about what happens." Epictetus
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Life wasn't about doubt, because if it was, we'd never get anything done.
Abigail Roux, Touch & Geaux|Wake up people, you are sleeping your life away!
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|No great soul, as they say, lives for very long. Because God desperately wants all the great people near him.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|When people don't trust you, they may walk with you but they second guess every step you take- don't believe what you say is what you mean...
Cecelia Ahern|I love you, Cleo," he said, the words finally coming to him, with no effort at all because of how true they were. "I love you so much it hurts."Her eyes widened. "What did you just say?"Magnus almost laughed. "I think you heard me right.
Russell Baker|The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.
Robert Kurzban|We get attached to people, a job, material things and a certain state of being. And, when something around us changes we suffer.Release the need to control people, release the believe there is only one job you can do, release the need to accumulate material things, welcome the unknown and set yourself free.
Brin-Jonathan Butler|I'm so supported, and I'm so privileged. So many women today are single parents; I don't feel different. I think you get out of life what you put into it... and Bluebell was a beautiful accident. I feel blessed to have her. I'm learning every day as a mother.
Debasish Mridha|If you cannot find beauty in the midst of ugliness to find heaven on earth, you will not be able to find heaven in space.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Money is not the first step to becoming a great achiever. Your ideas determine the cost you will need to pay. So if you have no ideas, you can't know the amount you will need!
Lucas Sterk|In this world we are all pretenders, and Society is our game
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|...let me say, on behalf of the entire gay male community, we hate your fucking guts ’cause you landed him. Share, you selfish bastard.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I lived a life, a life of risks, risks I never took.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|George was an atheist, and so am I. But how I long now for an afterlife - a world of light or of deep dazzling darkness, where he and the others we've lost reside, unscathed, forever accessible - to have tea with, to talk nonsense with, to reinvent the world with
Anacharsis|A zombie amusement park sounds like fun, but the health code violations alone are enough to turn your stomach.
Debasish Mridha|Celebrate life as it is, let it go to find out what it could be.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|Syl Anagist's assimilation of the world had been over a century before I was ever made; all cities were Syl Anagist. All languages had become Sylanagistine. But there were none so frightened, or so strange in their fear, as conquerors. They conjure phantoms endlessly, terrified that their victims will someday do back what was done to them - even if, in truth, their victims couldn't care less about such pettiness and have moved on. Conquerors live in dread of the day when they are shown to be, not superior, but simply lucky.
Beverley Price, Blood Bound|...there are more terrifying monstrosities in the world than Anthropophagi. Monstrosities who, with a smile and a comforting pat on the head, are willing to sacrifice a child upon the altar of their own overweening ambition and pride.
Franz Kafka|Human nature, essentially changeable, unstable as the dust, can endure no restraint; if it binds itself it soon begins to tear madly at its bonds, until it renders everything asunder, the wall, and the bonds and its very self.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Rights are not easy to obtain, and once we understand this, we must work attentively and persistently - and never become careless or lazy.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Alcohol does not a change a person’s fundamental value system. People’s personalities when intoxicated, even though somewhat altered, still bear some relationship to who they are when sober. When you are drunk you may behave in ways that are silly or embarrassing; you might be overly familiar or tactlessly honest, or perhaps careless or forgetful. But do you knock over little old ladies for a laugh? Probably not. Do you sexually assault the clerk at the convenience store? Unlikely. People’s conduct while intoxicated continues to be governed by their core foundation of beliefs and attitudes, even though there is some loosening of the structure. Alcohol encourages people to let loose what they have simmering below the surface.ABUSERS MAKE CONSCIOUS CHOICES EVEN WHILE INTOXICATED
Rony Abovitz|Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
Katie Hess, Flowerevolution: Blooming into Your Full Potential with the Magic of Flowers|Flowers magnetize us with their beauty and reflect back to us our own essence. Their qualities magnify positive aspects of ourselves. They serve as messengers to remind us of the preciousness of life at the most crucial times of our lives. Flowers are doing this for us all the time, and all we have to do is pay attention.
Anthony Venn-Brown, A Life of Unlearning - a journey to find the truth|Trauma or no, I would have been trans no matter what body I'd been born with. Tell the doctors that we exist for the health of humanity, which needs to find wholeness and belief in complexity. Girl in boy's body or boy inside a girl; call it fate or biology, will, or spiritual choice. But I was not born in the wrong body.-Scott Turner Schofield, "The Wrong Body
Kacy Hill|The proposal is the only thing that the guy has control over in the entire wedding deal. It is your one chance to make this moment stand out, not only for you, but for her.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|Nor can one take an unfair attitude even towards enemies: "Let the enmity of a people[towards you] not determine you upon an unjust course; be fair, it is closer to taqwā. Quran
Mae West|Men are my hobby, if I ever got married I'd have to give it up.
Debasish Mridha|I am not apologetic. I don’t define or defend my philosophical thoughts. You have to feel them, think about them, imagine them, and then try to understand them. My thoughts are my truths. They may not be your truth, and that is fine with me.
Ashlecka Aumrivani|Because we idealize Giving so much, we ignore the ability, blessing, and duty to Receive.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|He didn’t really like travel, of course. He liked the idea of travel, and the memory of travel, but not travel itself.
Kevin Spacey|Think about all kinds of infectious diseases, like mumps or measles or chicken pox. When a virgin population encountered those pathogens, it ravaged the population, and now they're childhood diseases, and eventually they won't even be that. That's our relationship with bacteria, going through time.
Will Durant|Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|Cheese!" I exclaimed. It was a secret prayer, whose meaning was known only to God and to me.
Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night|Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of day;Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Tahereh Mafi, Destroy Me|Leah, wake up." Dougal sat on the edge of her bed and patted her shoulder."Mmm," she moaned. "What is it,Howard?""Howard? Are ye dreaming of Howard?"Her eyes flickered open. "Dougal?""Aye, 'tis me, yer true love, Dougal."She smiled drowsily at him. "Yes, that's true.
Jane Campion|Kim Kardashian's marriage to Kris Humphries famously lasted 72 days, and was reported in the tabloids as being all about the big bucks paid by magazines for the bridal photos: it is a spectacle of a bride-to-be as entrepreneur, not as romantic heroine; the groom, in this scenario, is nothing but a prop.
Demetri Martin|Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near.
Carmen Agra Deedy, 14 Cows for America|Because there is no nation so powerful it cannot be wounded, nor a people so small they cannot offer mighty comfort.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|The rape of justice anywhere ,violates justice everywhere
Huston Smith|Institutions are not pretty. Show me a pretty government. Healing is wonderful, but the American Medical Association? Learning is wonderful, but universities? The same is true for religion... religion is institutionalized spirituality. — Mother Jones November/December 1997.
Dixie Waters|It is nice to touch, it is nice to be touched, but it is so much nicer to touch someone's heart.
Christine Feehan, Safe Harbor|I’m not into danger, either.” “Aw, Chess. You so into it you ain’t climb out with a rope. Why else you do your job, live down here, buy from Bump?” “It’s just—I mean—I just do, is all.” Her cheeks burned. She shouldn’t have let him come in here. She should have just sent him home and let him wash his stupid shirt himself. “No shame in it. Some of us needs an edge on things make us feel right, else we ain’t like feeling at all, aye?
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Through light, together, let us breed positivity as a lifestyle.
Sylar, Heroes|How does a boy without a father grow up to be a man? How does he learn to make the hard decisions he's going to have to make in life, the ones only a man can teach?
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|Nicolai, the Dark Seducer as his people called him, had been in bed, but not alone. He was never alone. He was a man known for the violence of his temper as well as the deliciousness of his touch
J.J. Howard|But that's not quite right either.I miss Paris, but it's not home. It's more like... I miss this. This warmth over the telephone. Is it possible for home to be a person and not a place? Bridgette used to be home to me. Maybe St. Clair is my new home.I mull this over as our voices grow tired and we stop talking. We just keep each other company. My breath. His breath. My breath. His breath.I could never tell him, but it's true.This is home. The two of us.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, Fever|The world was a sick animal, a sort of huge cancerous tumour, a thing of bubbling liquids, whitish patches, dribbling pus, fantastic pimples of dead skin that grew in all directions, swelled up, became more and more like fuzzy hair. The right thing would be to go away, to vanish for ever from the face of the sun.
Emil, Living There|There in the gap between what my eyes see and what my mind is unable to explain, I am sure the absolute truth lies, yet, I cannot grasp it.
Niccolò Machiavelli|It is of the greatest important in this world that a man should know himself, and the measure of his own strength and means; and he who knows that he has not a genius for fighting must learn how to govern by the arts of peace.
John F. Kennedy|I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute - where no Catholic prelate would tell the President (should he be Catholic) how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom to vote - where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference - and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the President who might appoint him or the people who might elect him.I believe in an America that is officially neither Catholic, Protestant nor Jewish - where no public official either requests or accepts instructions on public policy from the Pope, the National Council of Churches or any other ecclesiastical source - where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly upon the general populace or the public acts of its officials - and where religious liberty is so indivisible that an act against one church is treated as an act agains
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|As Branford Marsalis said in a beautiful essay he write upon Clarence's death, C was blessed with 'the power of musical intent.
Hal Bennett, Lord of Dark Places|Fate is the cruelest of masters, takingLife when it pleases or at random, handingRigged decks to whom it pleases, cheatingAll alike and none the wiser, takingEverything away from those with nothing.
Pablo Neruda|LXXIXWhen I die, I want your hands on my eyes.I want the light and wheat of your beloved hands to pass their freshness over me once moreLI want to feel the softness that changed my destiny.I want you to live while I wait for you, asleep.I want your ears still to hear the wind, I want you to sniff the sea's aroma that we loved together,to continue to walk on the sand we walk on.I want what I love to continue to live,and you whom I love and sang above everything else.to continue to flourish, full-flowered.So that you can reach everything my love directs you to. So that my shadow can travel along in your hair,so that everything can learn the reason for my song.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Religion deals with beliefs and faith, but science deals with truth and facts.
Ray Bradbury|From now on I hope always to stay alert, to educate myself as best I can. But lacking this, in Future I will relaxedly turn back to my secret mind to see what it has observed when I thought I was sitting this one out. We never sit anything out.We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|By the power of the Holy Spirit, we can do what needs to be done.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Of course, peace treaties are very attractive to those who sign them. They strengthen one's prestige with the electorate. But the time will come when the names of these public figures will be erased from history. Nobody will remember them any longer. But the Western peoples will have to pay heavily for these overtrusting agreements.
Iyanla Vanzant|Every day is a new journey for me, and I feel like, in my lifetime, I've been blessed to experience such a lot.
J.G. Ballard|I don’t want to be labeled as one thing or another. In the past I’ve had successful relationships with men, and now I’m in this successful relationship with a woman. When it comes to love I am totally open. I don’t want to be put into a category, as in ‘I’m this’ or ‘I’m that.
Amit Ray|How can we be so arrogant? The planet is, was, and always will be stronger than us. We can't destroy it; if we overstep the mark, the planet will simply erase us from its surface and carry on existing. Why don't they start talking about not letting the planet destroy us?
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Jack could feel the fissures beginning even now, the hard shell he'd promised to keep in place so that no one, ever, would get close enough to hurt him again.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement and, most importantly, we are protected by God.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Dodd acknowledged Congress's reluctance to become entangled abroad but added, "I do, however, think facts count; even if we hate them.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|When someone calls you a 'nigger', then you feel sorry for him... You have to pity him because his mind has such a sorry way of expressing itself.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|If the soul is left in darkness, sins will be committed. The guilty one is not he who commits the sin, but the one who causes the darkness. (Monseigneur Bienvenu in _Les Miserables_)
Maximilien de Robespierre|As long as you persecute people, you will actually throw up terrorism.
Rita Stradling, Ensnared|Are you going to let me be eaten?' Billy Beecham looks stunned.'Don't you know that sometimes Beast collectors get collected?' I ask him.'But you're a virgin.''Virgins were never sacrifices,' I say. "Not to this kind of Beast. Virgins are collaborators.
Francis Chan, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity|Arguments escalate when we want to be right more than we want to be CHRIST. It's easy to get blinded in the heat of disagreement. Soon, all we want is to win. Even if victory requires sin. The one who wins the argument is usually the one who acts LESS like Christ.
Edward M. Lerner|For 30 years, which I never talked about in Hollywood, I actually worked with doctors lecturing and doing some medical intuitive counseling both in a medical setting and for the community at large.
Stephen Bannon|One of the most painful things in the Western States and Territories is the extinction of childhood. I have never seen any children - only debased imitations of men and women, cankered by greed and selfishness, and asserting and gaining complete independence of their parents at ten years old.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Research on organised abuse emphasises the diversity of organised abuse cases, and the ways in which serious forms of child maltreatment cluster in the lives of children subject to organised victimisation (eg Bibby 1996b, Itziti 1997, Kelly and Regan 2000). Most attempts to examine organised abuse have been undertaken by therapists and social workers who have focused primarily on the role of psychological processes in the organised victimisation of children and adults. Dissociation, amnesia and attachment, in particular, have been identified as important factors that compel victims to obey their abusers whilst inhibiting them from disclosing their abuse or seeking help (see Epstein et al. 2011, Sachs and Galton 2008). Therapists and social workers have surmised that these psychological effects are purposively induced by perpetrators of organised abuse through the use of sadistic and ritualistic abuse. In this literature, perpetrators are characterised either as dissociated automatons mindlessly perpetuating the abuse that they, too, were subjected to as children, or else as cruel and manipulative criminals with expert foreknowledge of the psychological consequences of their abuses. The therapist is positioned in this discourse at the very heart of the solution to organised abuse, wielding their expertise in a struggle against the coercive strategies of the perpetrators. Whilst it cannot be denied that abusive groups undertake calculated strategies designed to terrorise children into silence and obedience, the emphasis of this literature on psychological factors in explaining organised abuse has overlooked the social contexts of such abuse and the significance of abuse and violence as social practices.
Ice Cube|Exercising first thing in the morning ensures that you'll have the time for it, and it improves your self-control and energy levels all day long.
Linda Simpson|I am not superior than anybody, don't say i am, else i won't defend you when you get caught.
Anonymous|Some day the road that you choose will be your destiny The hope and the anxiety you grasped tightly Will surely move you and me, because it will become a light
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|If there’s true emotional content in a situation between characters, all you do is reveal it.
Don DeLillo, Cosmopolis|There are dead stars that still shine because their light is trapped in time. Where do I stand in this light, which does not strictly exist?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Success has no other shortcuts apart from the ones that tell you; control thoughts, delete negativity, alternate actions and shift attitudes to become positive! Click on passion, it opens a new window for you to sign in on time!
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|In the argument over whether knowledge is power or ignorance is bliss, it seems I've always come down on the side of ignorance. And when that's the side you fall on, you don't realize it until it's too late.
Eva Brann, The Music of the Republic: Essays on Socrates' Conversations and Plato's Writings|Beauty, like an animal, doesn’t always behave.
Jack London, The Road by Jack London, Fiction, Action & Adventure|Perhaps the greatest charm of tramp-life is the absence of monotony. In Hobo Land the face of life is protean—an ever changing phantasmagoria, where the impossible happens and the unexpected jumps out of the bushes at every turn of the road. The hobo never knows what is going to happen the next moment; hence, he lives only in the present moment. He has learned the futility of telic endeavor, and knows the delight of drifting along with the whimsicalities of Chance
Patch Adams|Youth is the best time to be rich, and the best time to be poor.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|There is an undeniable truth that as one progresses further in his understanding of a craft the rest of his life progresses along with it. This symbiotic relationship between all things is experienced on a daily basis, but rarely articulated through conscious thought.
Albert Einstein|Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|She didn’t know how this ended, she just knew that it needed to, one way or another.
Don Johnson|I love going to the beach. I like just walking around South Beach, but sometimes, when you're famous, it can be a little difficult.
Arjun Kapoor|If I feel insecure, then I am in the wrong profession. I have to trust my director and the material he has given me.
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|Kos had different tastes. He was on the lookout for that Midwestern housewife attending a conference with her husband. There was usually at least one in the hotel bar. She was always seated in a corner drinking a cocktail and pretending to read a novel while her husband was off doing manly things. Kos knew something Mason didn't—stewardesses partied in every port, but housewives were still waiting for the party.
Roy T. Bennett|If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|A strange feeling: as if filaments trailed from Arin's body. A thousand fishing lines snagging attention. Here and there. Little tugs. People caught on the lines. The way sometimes people couldn't look him in the eye, and when they did they become fish trying to breath air. He wished it weren't like that.He knew it would be necessary.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|Once a person falls in the fields of love, all the rules are already broken; the lover becomes open and exalted in ways that transcend the local issues as well as the commonly held beliefs. Love, like genuine devotion, will find a way. Where duty becomes replaced with love, a greater and deeper faith will blossom forth. For the deepest meaning of “belief” refers to being loyal to what the heart already loves. As people used to say, “What the heart loves is the cure.” The cure for healing the wounds and conflicts between faiths and systems of belief involves awakening to the unique ways that each heart carries devotion and love. When followed far enough, simple belief can transform into wisdom; raw passions can become a greater compassion that trusts what resides in one’s heart and even in the hearts of others. Until the heart opens and the eyes begin to see there is always the danger of blindness and narrowness and the tendency to hold onto narrow ways of being.
Vannoy Gentles Fite, Essential Oils for Healing: Over 400 All-Natural Recipes for Everyday Ailments|I believe that for every illness or ailment known to man, that God has a plant out here that will heal it. We just need to keep discovering the properties for natural healing.
Jeanne M. Dams|My friend, stay positive! It is really good to always stay positive. You don’t really give a damn to negative people, circumstances and things! You only learn lessons from them that can help you take precautions to always stay positive for positive footprints!
Sana Krasikov|Was it an instinct towards their future life together that she was already sensing, which made her pull back? For what she was seeing suddenly, in her mind’s eye, was an image of the two of them dancing on the edge of the world, not realising that they were about to fall off
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|A man who could not see the end of his"provisional existence" was not able to aim at an ultimate goal in life.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Whether it means prizing the value of lessons learned, building games into your creative process, or getting gifts upon certain milestones of achievement, self-derived rewards make a big difference…You cannot ignore or completely escape the deeply ingrained short-term reward system within you. But you can become aware of what really motivates you and then tweak your incentives to sustain your long-term pursuits.
Winston S. Churchill|Occasionally he stumbled over the truth, but hastily picked himself up and hurried on as if nothing had happened.
|To decide to quit on yourself, is to be willing to settle for the pain that comes with every big regret.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In our self-government, family government and circles of influence are we building and promoting a culture of life-giving edification or pursuing a death-oriented culture of entertainment? The first belongs to the Christian faith; the second is the progeny of the collapse of Rome.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Others can’t give you inner-peace. Your children, spouse, priest or friends can’t give it to you. You have to create it yourself.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|It is harder, usually, to find a person who wants to walk the streets of me, to taste the teas of my country, to... immigrate, you could say.
Amélie Nothomb, Life Form|Most writers who are beginners, if they are honest with themselves, will admit that they are praying for a readership as they begin to write. But it should be the quality of the craft not the audience, that should be the greatest motivating factor. For me, at least, I can declare that when I wrote THINGS FALL APART I couldn't have told anyone the day before it was accepted for publication that anybody was going to read it. There was no guarantee; nobody ever said to me, Go and write this, we will publish it and we will read it; it was just there. But my brother-in-law who was not a particularly voracious reader, told me that he read the novel through the night and it gave him a terrible headache the next morning. And I took that as an encouraging endorsement!The triumph of the written word is often attained when the writer achieves union and trust with the reader, who then becomes ready to be drawn deep into unfamiliar territory, walking in borrowed literary shoes so to speak, toward a deeper understanding of self or society, or of foreign peoples, cultures and situations.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|We are losing our common vocabulary, built over thousands of years to help and delight and instruct us, for the sake of what we take to be the new technology's virtues. 
H.G. Wells, The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman|He perceived too in these still hours how little he had understood her hitherto. He had been blinded, — obsessed. He had been seeing her and himself and the whole world far too much as a display of the eternal dualism of sex, the incessant pursuit. Now with his sexual imaginings newly humbled and hopeless, with a realization of her own tremendous minimization of that fundamental of romance, he began to see all that there was in her personality and their possible relations outside that. He saw how gravely and deeply serious was her fine philanthropy, how honest and simple and impersonal her desire for knowledge and understandings. There is the brain of her at least, he thought, far out of Sir Isaac's reach. She wasn't abased by her surrenders, their simplicity exalted her, showed her innocent and himself a flushed and congested soul. He perceived now with the astonishment of a man newly awakened just how the great obsession of sex had dominated him — for how many years? Since his early undergraduate days. Had he anything to put beside her own fine detachment? Had he ever since his manhood touched philosophy, touched a social question, thought of anything human, thought of art, or literature or belief, without a glancing reference of the whole question to the uses of this eternal hunt? During that time had he ever talked to a girl or woman with an unembarrassed sincerity? He stripped his pretences bare; the answer was no. His very refinements had been no more than indicative fig-leaves. His conservatism and morality had been a mere dalliance with interests that too brutal a simplicity might have exhausted prematurely. And indeed hadn't the whole period of literature that had produced him been, in its straining purity and refinement, as it were one glowing, one illuminated fig-leaf, a vast conspiracy to keep certain matters always in mind by conspicuously covering them away? But this wonderful woman — it seemed — she hadn't them in mind! She shamed him if only by her trustful unsuspiciousness of the ancient selfish game of Him and Her that he had been so ardently playing.... He idealized and worshipped this clean blindness. He abased himself before it.
C.J. Heck, Bits and Pieces: Short Stories from a Writer's Soul|We all have an inner voice, our personal whisper from the universe. All we have to do is listen -- feel and sense it with an open heart. Sometimes it whispers of intuition or precognition. Other times, it whispers an awareness, a remembrance from another plane. Dare to listen. Dare to hear with your heart.
Lawrence Bender|I think 'Game of Thrones' was extraordinary. I want to do some period pieces. It would be lovely to tell great stories, that is my main ambition. And to be working with amazing creators.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Lucian [of Samosata; 120-190 CE] was trying to make his audience laugh, rather than start a revolution
Anne Sullivan|There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.
Evan Rachel Wood|Adolescents are not monsters. They are just people trying to learn how to make it among the adults in the world, who are probably not so sure themselves.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Lady Of Quality|The great strength she had used in the old days to conquer and subdue, to win her will and to defend her way, seemed now a power but to protect the suffering and uphold the weak, and this she did, not alone in hovels but in the brilliant court and world of fashion, for there she found suffering and weakness also, all the more bitter and sorrowful since it dared not cry aloud.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The desert and the ocean are realms of desolation on the surface.The desert is a place of bones, where the innards are turned out, to desiccate into dust.The ocean is a place of skin, rich outer membranes hiding thick juicy insides, laden with the soup of being.Inside out and outside in. These are worlds of things that implode or explode, and the only catalyst that determines the direction of eco-movement is the balance of water.Both worlds are deceptive, dangerous. Both, seething with hidden life.The only veil that stands between perception of what is underneath the desolate surface is your courage.Dare to breach the surface and sink.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Nothing is permanent in this world. Everything is changing, so no matter what problem or issue you are having inyour life at the moment, it would also change sooner or later but of course you need to take positive action too.-Subodh Gupta author, "Stress Management a Holistic Approach -5 steps Plan".
Glenn Haybittle, The Way Back to Florence|Artists, who are selfish people, become anxious around the self-sacrificing
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A slip of the foot may injure your body, but a slip of the tongue will injure your bond.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|At this moment, in this place, the shifting action potential in my neurons cascade into certain arrangements, patterns, thoughts; they flow down my spine, branch into my arms, my fingers, until muscles twitch and thought is translated into motion; mechanical levers are pressed; electrons are rearranged; marks are made on paper.At another time, in another place, light strikes the marks, reflects into a pair of high-precision optical instruments sculpted by nature after billions of years of random mutations; upside-down images are formed against two screens made up of millions of light-sensitive cells, which translate light into electrical pulses that go up the optic nerves, cross the chiasm, down the optic tracts, and into the visual cortex, where the pulses are reassembled into letters, punctuation marks, words, sentences, vehicles, tenors, thoughts.The entire system seems fragile, preposterous, science fictional.
Nathaniel Kahn|In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
Paul Bamikole|...the way I figure, no man has the right to be ignorant. In a country like this, ignorance is a crime. If a man is going to vote, if he's going to take part in his country and its government, then it's up to him to understand.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|The crow cawed again overhead, and a strong sea wind came in and burst through the trees, making the green pine needles shake themselves all over the place. That sound always gave me goose bumps, the good kind. It was the sound an orphan governess hears in a book,before a mad woman sets the bed curtains on fire.
Tony Dungy|I sort of always had an inkling towards some kind of an art form. I grew up in a very small town, and I just figure-skated. My dad played hockey and I was surrounded by sports, but it wasn't quite doing it for me. I wasn't totally fulfilled, and I did a lot of skating.
Ruth Cardello, Taken, Not Spurred|This is what life is about: seeing new places, meeting new people, grabbing life by the balls and squeezing until it coughs up a story worth telling.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|Because I think you're right. You can make a difference." He told me experiences were kind of like fate, and fate usually came in the form of a test. He told me fate liked to be worshiped. It liked to see us fall on out knees before it offered to help us up..." ♥
Rosalie Lario, Heart of an Angel|Part of her wanted to comfort him, to tell him everything was going to be okay. But the rest of her just wanted to throw him to the ground and rip those jeans off him. Funny how she could be so jealous of a pair of pants. They covered the sinfully male body she longed to explore.
Robert Foster Bennett|I want the pictures to be working in both directions. I accept that they speak about me, and yet at the same time, I want and expect them to function in terms of the viewer and their experience.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let it be a footprint that you ones lived!Let it be a footprint that you thought failure a lesson!Let it be a footprint that you were stronger than life hurdles!Let it be a footprint that your speech was awesome!Let it be a footprint that you left a distinctive mark on minds!Let it be a footprint that you were the best father ever!Let it be a footprint that a great mother once lived !Let it be a footprint that once lived a humble yet an assertive you!Let it be a footprint that you stood for what is just regardless of the odds!Let it be a footprint that you fed the hungry! Let it be a footprint that you protected the vulnerable!Let it be a footprint that you lived for Christ!Let it be a footprint that you were courageous and not a coward!Let it be a footprint that a great worker is gone!Let it be a footprint that a good heart is gone!Let it be a footprint that you were a noble accomplisher !Let it be a footprint that you knew the essence of time!Let it be a footprint that you knew when to ignore and when to respond!Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint!Let it be a footprint that though you are leaving, you are living!Let it be a footprint that you shall be missed!What footprint are you leaving behind?
Ronald Reagan|I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics.
D.S. Mashego|Subtle voices’ are those positive or negative words that are subtly spoken into our lives. These ‘subtle voices’, although subtle, are too powerful because they tend to shape our thoughts and inform our actions. That is why it is essential that we be selective of what we allow into our thoughts.
Al Unser|Anyone who has ever been privileged to direct a film also knows that, although it can be like trying to write 'War and Peace' in a bumper car in an amusement park, when you finally get it right, there are not many joys in life that can equal the feeling.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|What we have not had to decipher, to elucidate by our own efforts, what was clear before we looked at it, is not ours. From ourselves comes only that which we drag forth from the obscurity which lies within us, that which to others is unknown.
Debi Mazar|There's so much importance in honoring your everyday hero. It doesn't take money. It doesn't take connections. What matters is that people get involved. Whether your passion is gun control or food or whatever it may be, everybody needs to stop being so self-absorbed.
Augustus|Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Action|Something dropped on her shoulder, but even as she screamed, her heart stopping midbeat, the next oncoming branch swept the tarantula away.	Aww! Ick!	She manically brushed her shoulder with her free hand, every inch of her covered in goose bumps.	"When running from people who're trying to kill you," Walker advised as he kept dragging her, "it's better to stay quiet. Generally speaking.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|Peace surfaced here. Hard to imagine a person finding peace through war, but no one finds peace in war—peace finds you. It crawls into your sleeping bag and helps you fall asleep, nudges your arm, tells you to turn over, think about home.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The day you left, it felt like I lost a diary in which I had been writing for so long. Now all that memories flashes in bits and pieces inside my head always and makes me wish that I could sit back and read it all over again.
Alexander Zalan, Inspiration Per Moment|Do I haste to live? Definitely, no. I endeavour to surpass tomorrow's me.
Rachel DiCarlo Currie|It's only when the settlement work has gone on for months that one realizes how bad things are. As our secretary said to me, your finger-nails never seem dirty until you wash your hands.
Paul Bamikole|The purer your light, the lighter you will be.
Mark Twain|Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|You have the power to treat your own pain, and you can do it without surgery, drugs, or other invasive interventions.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Just when you see a kid selling a mascot,If you don't buy it because he winks, Not only that will be considered a "boycott",Xenophobically, it will also be a jinx!
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|If all emotions are common coin, then what is unique to the good man?To welcome with affection what is sent by fate. Not to stain or disturb the spirit within him with a mess of false beliefs. Instead, to preserve it faithfully, by calmly obeying God – saying nothing untrue, doing nothing unjust. And if the others don’t acknowledge it – this life lived in simplicity, humility, cheerfulness – he doesn’t resent them for it, and isn’t deterred from following the road where it leads: to the end of life. An end to be approached in purity, in serenity, in acceptance, in peaceful unity with what must be.
Peter Zumthor|If you depend on a secret for your security, what do you do when the secret is discovered? If it is easy to change, like a cryptographic key, you do so. If it's hard to change, like a cryptographic system or an operating system, you're stuck. You will be vulnerable until you invest the time and money to design another system.
JohnA Passaro, 6 Minutes Wrestling With Life|There is a club in this world that you do not join knowingly.One day you are just a member.It is “The life changing events club.”The fee to join the club is hurt beyond belief, payable in full, up front for a lifetime membership.The benefit of the club is a new found perspective on life, and a deep understanding that you may not be happy about your current situation, but you can be happy in your current situation.The only rule to the club is that you cannot tell anyone that you are a member.The club does not provide a directory of its members, but when you look into a member’s eye, you can tell that they too are part of the club. Members are allowed to exchange that brief eye contact that says: “I didn’t know.”Being a member of this club is the last thing that anyone initially wants in their life.Being a member of this club is the best thing that ever happens to a person in their life, and there is not a person in the club that would ever give up their membership.If you really look and know what you are looking for you can spot the clubs members; they are the ones that provide a random act of kindness and do something for someone who can never repay them for what they have done. They are the people spreading joy and optimism and lifting people’s spirits even when their own heart has been broken.I have paid my dues; my lifetime membership arrived today, not by mail, but by a deep inner feeling that I cannot describe.It is the best club that I never wanted to be part of. But I am glad that I am a member.
Steven Kassels|As often is the case with addictions, the fanciful notion of a gradual discontinuance only provided a comforting pretext for more sustained indulgence.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|It may...be judged indecent in me to come forward on this occasion; but when I see a fellow-creature about to perish through the cowardice of her pretended friends, I wish to be allowed to speak, that I may say what I know of her character.
Debasish Mridha|Language is artificial, but our feelings are natural, inner, and universal. There are many languages, but feelings are the same for everyone. We can only describe it in different ways. A poet tries to sing the song of these feelings in different tunes with different music mixing with the inner emotions of the reader.
Nicholas Kristof|There is simply not enough money available to support a system in which the lion's share of expenditures is devoted to acute care, with virtually nothing being spent on preventive medicine, i.e. health care.
C.S. Lewis, The Pilgrim's Regress|At the departure gate, a drunken airport security woman was handing out box cutters to the passengers.
Edmund Hillary|When you weep and lament, you will struggle to achieve and rejoice.
Dr. Mohd Nayyer Rahman|Success is not always equal to profit, Failure is not always equal to loss.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|I've always figured it that you die each day and each day is a box, you see, all numbered and neat; but never go back and lift the lids, because you've died a couple of thousand times in your life, and that's a lot of corpses, each dead a different way, each with a worse expression. Each of those days is a different you, somebody you don't know or understand or want to understand.
Lamees Alhassar|Your problems will keep coming and going. It is in your interest to deal with them with equanimity and focus on finding happiness in whatever you do. Be the kind of person who says about problems—this too shall pass, and about happiness—it is my constant companion.
Rachael Rose Steil, Running in Silence: My Drive for Perfection and the Eating Disorder That Fed It|We are living in an artificial world—a world of fantasies and illusions. We've learned beautiful phrases but haven't learned yet how to carry out that little bit that we know. Our brains are stuffed with quotations, while at the same time nine out of ten of these dogmas are incomprehensible, murky, or lies. Which are worthwhile and which are not? Yes, I must stop being false before others and myself. How simple it all seems! But how do I do this? Let just a little time pass, and then we may understand—only the simplest, honorable acts determine the value of a man. Only I myself can and must help myself to become an adult.
Wendy Law-Yone|It isn't discomfort, or dis-ease as he put it. It's this aching, throbbing, god-awful incurable pain - and it's known as life. When will the doctors learn: It isn't death that's the disease.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|He always thought of the sea as 'la mar' which is what people call her in Spanish when they love her. Sometimes those who love her say bad things of her but they are always said as though she were a woman. Some of the younger fishermen, those who used buoys as floats for their lines and had motorboats, bought when the shark livers had brought much money, spoke of her as 'el mar' which is masculine.They spoke of her as a contestant or a place or even an enemy. But the old man always thought of her as feminine and as something that gave or withheld great favours, and if she did wild or wicked things it was because she could not help them. The moon affects her as it does a woman, he thought.
John Boyne|I puked rainbows all over my childhood, and it felt so good.
Aristotle|[D]emocracy can itself be as tyrannical as a dictatorship, since it is the extent, not the source, of government power that impinges on freedom."-William F Buckley
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|All right, you caught me. I'm secretly obsessed with you and spend all my free time writing about you in my journal. 'Dear Diary, today Will was an ass for the 467th day in a row. He's so dreamy
Joan Didion|When the Industrial Revolution started, the amount of carbon sitting underneath Britain in the form of coal was as big as the amount of carbon sitting under Saudi Arabia in the form of oil, and this carbon powered the Industrial Revolution, it put the 'Great' in Great Britain, and led to Britain's temporary world domination.
Lawrence Krauser, Lemon|There was a time when our desire for each other would have landed us in an asylum or prison, had it not been sanctioned by mutual assent. True or false.
David Levithan, Another Day|So I get to be the bitch now? Fine. Then you, my friend, are the scary girl. 'He doesn't hit me. He doesn't abuse me. He doesn't cheat on me.' Can you hear yourself? If those are the standards you have--hey, he hasn't punched me, so everything must be okay!--that scares me. That makes me think that at some point you've used these justifications. 'Oh, it's really bad right now, and he's being awful...but at least he's not hitting me. Have a little more respect for yourself than that, okay?
Gordon B. Hinckley|Through all of living have much joy and laughter, life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer, The air around the butterfly/Въздухът около пеперудата|...the very greatest satire, I came to think -- the kind that lives forever -- ultimately grew out of a debunking attitude toward the self. To see the world mock-heroically was necessarily to engage in a sort of preliminary self-burlesque. You couldn't take yourself *that* seriously. You were part of it. All the Lilliputian preening and pomposity was, at bottom, one's own.
Erving Polster, Gestalt Therapy Integrated: Contours of Theory & Practice|Henry's universe was modeled on the highball. It was a mixture in which half a pint of the fizziest philosophical and scientific ideas all but drowned a small jigger of immediate experience, most of it strictly sexual. Broken reeds are seldom good mixers. They're far too busy with their ideas, their sensuality and their psychosomatic complaints to be able to take an interest in other people - even their own wives and children. They live in a state of the most profound voluntary ignorance, not knowing anything about anybody, but abounding in preconceived opinions about everything.
James Welch|But, strictly speaking, this mythology was no essential part of ancient religion, for it had no sacred sanction and no binding force on the worshippers.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only because Jesus is God and we have confessed Him as Savior and Lord, can He bestow and we receive these benefits, this blessed assurance and hope (see Romans 10:9).
Marie Osmond|There are four stages in a marriage. First there's the affair, then the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|You forsake all that you hold dear,for a dream that is not your own;you would rather live a liethan live your life alone
Garry Shandling|Rumors about me? Calista Flockhart, Pam Anderson, and Matt Damon. That's who I'm dating.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords: Blood and Gold|A sword needs a sheath, heh, and a wedding needs a bedding.
Billy Joel|I see my friends, my family, my cousins work all day long for very little money, and if I have this problem of not being able to wall on the streets, it's not a big deal.
Emma Thompson|When Oscar Niemeyer died on December 5, 2012, ten days before his 105th birthday, he was universally regarded as the very last of the twentieth century's major architectural masters, an astonishing survivor whose most famous accomplishment, Brasilia, was the climactic episode of utopian High Modern urbanism.
Deyth Banger|Stop for moment... an event has happen (Think on this, how did it happen, why it happen? Is there something like sign from the universe for your question? How positive will use this which have happen (Focus on the positive not on the negative) )... continue... now stop on this quotes (Again to the same process), find out why, how and everything else... Use this process to all stuff, it's important to show that you think!
Thomas J. Harbin, Beyond Anger: A Guide for Men: How to Free Yourself from the Grip of Anger and Get More Out of Life|Many men find themselves unable to cope with even minor frustration. They get angry over trivial things, such as a broken pencil lead or an overcooked hamburger. Their anger erupts and gets out of control. They feel as though they are constantly under attack, that everyone is out to get them, and that nobody understands or cares about them. They may even get superstitious and believe that fate has it in for them, or that God has turned against them. This feeling of having no control leads to a state of continual frustration and anger.This tendency to react with instant anger can be called rage. Rage is anger that never completely goes away. Unlike regular anger, it is not a response to a specific event; rather, it is a response set, or tendency. In other words, it is an automatic way of reacting to the world without much thought. When you react to more and more situations with anger, it becomes your habitual response. You may often find yourself furiously yelling or seething inside without even knowing what it was that made you so angry. Rage sees personal attack in every disagreement. Rage causes you to feel threatened when there is no threat. And rage causes you to viciously counter-attack even a minor threat.Rage is like a wounded animal. It attacks anything that moves. And as with a wounded animal, the attacks do nothing to ease the pain. Rage depersonalizes individual people and events into a faceless, nameless "them".
Brian Luke|Maybe she's preemptively getting her karmic backlash for that, but there's something icky about all this. Yes, the "hello, boys" chest like two friendly chinchillas, Bigfoot ball stomper Lara Croft was oversexualized, but this is still sexualization from the opposite, somehow even creepier side of the coin. At least that Tyrannosaurus in the first game never tried to feel her up.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Well, I’ve had my fun; I’ve had it, he thought, looking up at the swinging baskets of pale geraniums. And it was smashed to atoms—his fun, for it was half made up, as he knew very well; invented, this escapade with the girl; made up, as one makes up the better part of life, he thought—making onself up; making her up; creating an exquisite amusement, and something more. But odd it was, and quite true; all this one could never share—it smashed to atoms.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|An enemy will almost never be anything except an enemy. All one can do with an enemy is defeat him. But and adversary can sometimes become an ally.There is a cost, of course. In all things in life there is a cost. In dealing with an adversary, sometimes the cost paid in power or position. Sometimes the cost is greater. Sometimes the risk is one's future, or even one's life.But in all such situations, the calculation is straightforward: whether or not the potential gain is worth the potential loss. And the warrior must never forget that he and his adversary are not the only ones in that equation. Sometimes, all the universe may hang in the balance.
M*A*S*H Episode Guide Team, M*A*S*H EPISODE GUIDE: Details All 251 Episodes with Plot Summaries. Searchable. Companion to DVDs Blu Ray and Box Set.|John D Rockefeller read his Bible religiously, but kept his ledger in a different drawer.
Luke Slattery, Reclaiming Epicurus|The true Epicurean cultivates the capacity to take pleasure in simple things, while those around him chase pleasure in more things.
Frances Beinecke|Everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players;They have their exits and their entrances,And one man in his time plays many parts,His acts being seven ages. At first, the infant,Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms.Then the whining schoolboy, with his satchelAnd shining morning face, creeping like snailUnwillingly to school. And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow. Then a soldier,Full of strange oaths and bearded like the pard,Jealous in honor, sudden and quick in quarrel,Seeking the bubble reputationEven in the cannon's mouth. And then the justice,In fair round belly with good capon lined,With eyes severe and beard of formal cut,Full of wise saws and modern instances;And so he plays his part. The sixth age shiftsInto the lean and slippered pantaloon,With spectacles on nose and pouch on side;His youthful hose, well saved, a world too wideFor his shrunk shank, and his big manly voice,Turning again toward childish treble, pipesAnd whistles in his sound. Last scene of all,That ends this strange eventful history,Is second childishness and mere oblivion,Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.
Grace Slick|I don't like it when people say, 'You're 45, so you should be wearing X and never Y.' For me, dressing is about attitude, not age.
John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism|All social inequalities which have ceased to be considered expedient, assume the character not of simple inexpediency, but of injustice, and appear so tyrannical, that people are apt to wonder how they ever could have. been tolerated; forgetful that they themselves perhaps tolerate other inequalities under an equally mistaken notion of expediency, the correction of which would make that which they approve seem quite as monstrous as what they have at last learnt to condemn.
Sunday Adelaja|Do not get a job for a living. Rather, get work
Sunday Adelaja|If a person cannot deal properly with what he has been given, God will never multiply what he has
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…evangelicals were instrumental in advancing the ideal of companionate marriage, one built on shared faith and mutual affection, a revolutionary notion in an era in which forced marriages were a not-so-distant memory.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|You are so adorable. You can never be bad. Everyone has a hysterical part in himself, and I may be that part you. I’m just a lunatic. Maybe, a demon. And you.You’re the world.
C.S. Pacat, Captive Prince|The sword was not the kingdom, he says.
L.M. Fields|Swag is not about what you want people to think about you, its already knowing what they think about you.
Voltaire|I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|But I give best when I give from that deeper place; when I give simply, freely and generously, and sometimes for no particular reason. I give best when I give from my heart.
Akiroq Brost|We are never through with the requirement for acceptance. This isn't a curse limited to the inadequate and the weak. Insecurity may even be a peculiar sign of well-being. It means we haven't allowed ourselves to take other people for granted, that we remain realistic enough to see that things could genuinely turn out badly and that we are invested enough to care.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|As I fingered my way through the songs, I felt my worries slough away. My music has always been the best remedy for my dark moods. As I sang, even my bruises seemed to pain me less.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Magonia|He would insult the Universe. That is, he would insult everybody in it. Individually, personally, one by one, and (this was the thing he really decided to grit his teeth over) in alphabetical order.
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|In the terms of our Great Society the Hell's Angels and their ilk are losers -- dropouts, failures and malcontents. They are rejects looking for a way to get even with a world in which they are only a problem.The Hell's Angels are not visionaries, but diehards, and if they are the forerunners or the vanguard of anything it is not the "moral revolution" in vogue on college campuses, but a fast-growing legion of young unemployables whose untapped energy will inevitably find the same kind of destructive outlet that "outlaws" like the Hell's Angels have been finding for years.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Philosophy has no value in a true sense, but it adds and defines value to our lives.
Alice Cooper, Welcome to My Nightmare|Set your dreams where nobody hides, give your tears to the tide...
Janet Rebhan, Learn To Be Still|Ego likes comfort zones, safety, familiarity, boundaries, limits, a god who stays put in a box, and the known vs. the unknown. Ego can be a wimp. Unlike what most people believe, ego is not about too much confidence. Ego is about not enough confidence—confidence in the divine part of ourselves.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|I feel keeping a promise to yourself is a direct reflection of the love you have for yourself. I used to make promises to myself and find them easy to break. Today, I love myself enough to not only make a promise to myself, but I love myself enough to keep that promise
Joan Rivers|I have become my own version of an optimist. If I can't makeit through one door, I'll go through another door -- or I'llmake a door. Something terrific will come no matter how darkthe present.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|When he went to go get groceries, though, he asked Mercer to come. 'There's no one I'd rather get stuck in a snowdrift and freeze to death with,' William said.
Lance Henriksen|Although children are only 24 percent of the population, they're 100 percent of our future and we cannot afford to provide any child with a substandard education.
T.S. Eliot|I read, much of the night, and go south in the winter.
Israelmore Ayivor|As good surgical doctor works on a patient in the theater with varied kinds of surgical instruments, so a true leader also needs a clean bag of leadership characters that vary from task to task. One-way leaders are obvious failures!
Robert Anthony|Years ago I had realized I was blaming myself for it. People and doctors would tell me it wasn't my fault, but I couldn't “BELIEVE” it! Then I was talking to my friend Kieran and he explained to me in a way that I could PERCEIVE that I was not at fault. No one else could ever do that before, though many tried. Many, many people had tried to tell me it wasn't my fault, but I was convinced it was my fault because I was trying to cheer up my dad.
Marcus L. Lukusa, Kazungul: Blood Ties - Awakening of the Ancestral Curse|what can be the best way to express emotions, if not literature
Shawn Wickersheim, The Penitent Assassin|Don’t you just love children? If they’re not disappointing you, they’re dead.
Julia Child|Shop often, shop hard, and spend for the best stuff available - logic dictates that you can make delicious food only with delicious ingredients.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|His angry expression softens, and then he shoves my shoulder playfully. "Hey!" I push him back, to which he retaliates until I'm finally smiling. I love how we can do that--break through the misery to always find each other.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|The Buggers have finally, finally learned that we humans value each and every individual human life. We don’t throw our forces away because every soldier is the queen of a one-member hive. But they’ve learned this lesson just in time for it to be hopelessly wrong- for we humans do, when the cause is sufficient, spend our own lives. We throw ourselves onto the grenade to save our buddies in the foxhole. We rise out of the trenches and charge the entrenched enemy and die like maggots under a blowtorch. We strap bombs on our bodies and blow ourselves up in the midst of our enemies. We are, when the cause is sufficient, insane.
Søren Kierkegaard|People try to persuade us that the objections against Christianity spring from doubt. That is a complete misunderstanding. The objections against Christianity spring from insubordination, the dislike of obedience, rebellion against all authority. As a result, people have hitherto been beating the air in their struggle against objections, because they have fought intellectually with doubt instead of fighting morally with rebellion.
A.A. Milne|Sometimes maybe you need an experience. The experience can be a person or it can be a drug. The experience opens a door that was there all the time but you never saw it. Or maybe it blasts you into outer space...All that negative stuff. All the pain...It just floted away from me, I just floated away from it...up and away...
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|I hope I am not for the killing, Anselmo was thinking. I think that after the war there will have to be some great penance done for the killing. If we no longer have religion after the war then I think there must be some form of civic penance organized that all may be cleansed from the killing or else we will never have a true and human basis for living. The killing is necessary, I know, but still the doing of it is very bad for a man and I think that, after all this is over and we have won the war, there must be a penance of some kind for the cleansing of us all.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Orion is above the horizon now, and near it Jupiter, brighter than it will ever be ... But i expect you can see it too. Some of our stars are the same.
Leigh Hershkovich|There is a saying that, paper is more patient than man.
A.E. Samaan|The principle of laughter and the carnival spirit on which the grotesque is based destroys this limited seriousness and all pretense of an extratemporal meaning and unconditional value of necessity. It frees human consciousness, thought, and imagination for new potentialities. For this reason, great changes, even in the field of science, are always preceded by a certain carnival consciousness that prepares the way.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Options abound world over, Options to choose from and be the best.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|You will never be missing to yourself and all you can do is delay, delay, delay and the delaying must be good enough for you and you must find a way to be fine with the delay because it is your whole life and the minute you really go missing is the minute you can no longer miss.
Nicola Lagioia, Bringing It All Back Home: A Novel|Can we talk real for a minute then? Do you "really" think that your problem is that you just need to gather more information and data before you start to "do" better with your commitment to yourself? Or isn't the real truth more like -> you are already educated with enough information - beyond your level of behavioral obedience to what you already know! You don't need to "know more" to get going- you simply need to buckle down and get real about "doing better" with what you already know.
B.A. Gabrielle|An idea can be born from many things. Dreams, food, people... Ideas are everywhere. It's up to you on how you utilize them.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When asking God for direction, ask Him to give you ears to hear it and the will and strength to follow it. Say, “God show me what to do and enable me to do it.
Bill Willingham, Fables, Vol. 21: Happily Ever After|No more dreamin about the whole adult gig,We’re no longer burnin’ toward nothing, dude. 	Just well on our way on a mythical ship, which no longer touches Land. God Bless the Cap’n.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I feel as if the world is listening for my next thought. But I can't think of anything. Sorry, but I just can't think of anything.
Kate Meader, Sparking the Fire|The chandelier's teardrop crystals twinkled above them like stars. It was easy to imagine that they were miles away from London, and that only the two of them existed.
Toni Sorenson|They said she could not do it. But she didn’t listen so when she did it. And when they stood in awe, she did not hear their applause. The only validation she needed came from the voice inside her head. The voice that had always been there saying, “You got this.
Richard   Preston|Mysteriously, almost unaccountably, my family had ended up in the trees, sort of like the Swiss Family Robinson.
Kenko Yoshida|The dream, alone, is of interest. What is life, without a dream?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Time and again the sun sets like a bedimming curtain before my eyes, taking with it all illumination, warmth, and color.  I am overwhelmed by night and the monsters that lurk in shadows of despair.  But alas, stars twinkle from afar, shedding the tiniest rays of lighted hope.  I am reminded that the sun also rises and that morning's glory shall restore beauty to my world.  The realization of this dream is only a matter of waiting out the dreary night.  So, I shall persevere.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|The insane rush of endorphins that flooded my system the moment my phone vibrated and her name popped up on screen was worrying. I'd never been addicted to anything before, but I thought maybe this is what it felt like to be a junkie in desperate need of a hit. "Edward Cullen, you poor, miserable bastard," I said as I locked my phone screen and stared at the ceiling. "I should not have judged you so harshly.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|My belief is that if we live another century or so — I am talking of the common life which is the real life and not of the little separate lives which we live as individuals — and have five hundred a year each of us and rooms of our own; if we have the habit of freedom and the courage to write exactly what we think; if we escape a little from the common sitting-room and see human beings not always in their relation to each other but in relation to reality; and the sky, too, and the trees or whatever it may be in themselves; if we look past Milton's bogey, for no human being should shut out the view; if we face the fact, for it is a fact, that there is no arm to cling to, but that we go alone and that our relation is to the world of reality and not only to the world of men and women, then the opportunity will come and the dead poet who was Shakespeare's sister will put on the body which she has so often laid down.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|When I was younger, I would cling to life because life was at the top of the turning wheel. But like the song of my gypsy-girl, the great wheel turns over and lands on a minor key. It is then that you come of age and life means nothing to you. To live, to die, to overdose, to fall in a coma in the street... it is all the same. It is only in the peach innocence of youth that life is at its crest on top of the wheel. And there being only life, the young cling to it, they fear death... And they should! ...For they are in life.
H. L. Mencken|When Auden said his poetry didn't save one Jew from the gas chamber, he'd said it all.
Karen A. Baquiran|I love you...", I said to myself and believed it. Finally.
Kate Meader, So Over You|You and me,” he echoed, tilting my face up to his. I stared back into his eyes. They were clear of sleep and nightmares now. “Always.” I told him, my lips curving into a smile. That had been his line once, now it was mine. “Always,” Balik murmured against my jawbone the words grazing my skin as I arched my neck backwards. “You and me, always.” His whisper mingled with the kisses he brushed along my throat. I closed my eyes and drifted away with him.
R.C. Sproul, Five Things Every Christian Needs to Grow|All that I am I owe to Jesus Christ, revealed to me in His divine Book.
Timothy J. Keller|...God's grace and forgiveness, while free to the recipient, are always costly for the giver.... From the earliest parts of the Bible, it was understood that God could not forgive without sacrifice. No one who is seriously wronged can "just forgive" the perpetrator.... But when you forgive, that means you absorb the loss and the debt. You bear it yourself. All forgiveness, then, is costly.
Alison Weir, Six Tudor Queens: Writing a New Story|They inhabited a lost world of splendour and brutality, a world dominated by religious change, in which there were few saints.
John Wooden|It is most difficult, in my mind, to separate any success, whether it bein your profession, your family, or as in my case, in basketball, fromreligion.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|No institute of science and technology can guarantee discoveries or inventions, and we cannot plan or command a work of genius at will. But do we give sufficient thought to the nurture of the young investigator, to providing the right atmosphere and conditions of work and full opportunity for development? It is these things that foster invention and discovery.
Dana Michelle Burnett, Spiritus|Do you still believe that I am only a dream?"-Alastor
William Hazlitt|Water is life, and clean water means health.
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|In India, a "bride burning"-- to punish a woman for inadequate dowry or to eliminate her so a man can remarry-- takes place approximately once every two hours, but rarely constitute news.
Albert Schweitzer|We must fight against the spirit of unconscious cruelty with which we treat the animals. Animals suffer as much as we do. True humanity does not allow us to impose such sufferings on them. It is our duty to make the whole world recognize it. Until we extend our circle of compassion to all living things, humanity will not find peace.
Aleqa Hammond|There should be more attention paid to scientific research in the ecology area, and I think that such attention to proper environmental concerns would make the public feel much better about it.
Thomas More|We are all in the same cart, going to execution; how can I hate anyone or wish anyone harm?
Octavia E. Butler|Technology won’t protect you from being attacked for fresh water. A badass blade will. Back in Eden where I grew up, the closest thing to knifework I’d experienced was cutting up a loaf of warm bread. Last night, I’d gutted a wild prairie chicken after scaling a rock face to find its nest and slit its throat. What a difference a year makes.
Unknown|Work for a cause,Not for applause.Live life to express,Not to impress.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|There's a Palestine that dwells inside all of us, a Palestine that needs to be rescued: a free Palestine where all people regardless of color, religion, or race coexist; a Palestine where the meaning of the word "occupation" is only restricted to what the dictionary says rather than those plenty of meanings and connotations of death, destruction, pain, suffering, deprivation, isolation and restrictions that Israel has injected the word with.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|There are many different types of kisses. There’s a passionate kiss of farewell—like the kind Rhett gave Scarlett when he went off to war. The kiss of I-can’t-really-be-with-you-but-I-want-to-be—like with Superman and Lois Lane. There’s the first kiss—one that is gentle and hesitant, warm and vulnerable. And then there’s the kiss of possession—which was how Ren kissed me now. It went beyond passion, beyond desire. His kiss was full of longing, need, and love, like all those other kisses. But, it was also filled with promises and pledges, some of which seemed sweet and tender while others seemed dangerous and exciting. He was taking me over. Staking a claim. He seized me as boldly as the tiger captured his prey. There was no escape. And I didn’t want to. I would have happily died in his clutches. I was his. And he made sure I knew it. My heart burst with a thousand beautiful blooms, all tiger lilies. And I knew with a certainty more powerful than anything I’d ever felt before that we belonged together. 
Virginia Alison|A timeless energy encircles the world, drawing humanity into its grasp, eternally swirling, pulling souls together, tearing them apart in the eternal struggle of love, life and loss...
Santosh Kalwar|Just for today, smile a little more. Just for today, ask someone how he or she is really doing. Just for today, remember, while some may have it better than you do, there are others whom definitely have it worse than you! Just for today, just let go, just for today….
Nora Ephron|People who are drawn to journalism are usually people who, because of their cynicism or emotional detachment or reserve or whatever, are incapable of being anything but witnesses to events. Something prevents them from becoming involved, committed, and allows them to remain separate.
Pawan Mishra|Create a world in front of your readers where they can taste, smell, touch, hear, see, and move. Else they are likely going to move on to another book.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|Those who were molested or beaten as children or teenagers might later be vulnerable to sexual abuse or violence, because their natural impulses to protect themselves and protest (physical and verbal) were extinguished. Expectation of hurtful treatment by others or one's own failed capabilities can stubbornly persist despite overwhelming evidence that such is no longer the case.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Political thought is representative. I form an opinion by considering a given issue from different viewpoints, by making present to my mind the standpoints of those who are absent; that is, I represent them.… The more people's standpoints I have present in my mind while I am pondering a given issue, and the better I can imagine how I would feel and think if I were in their place, the stronger will be my capacity for representative thinking and the more valid my final conclusions, my opinion.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|The human heart is so delicate and sensitive that it always needs some tangible encouragement to prevent it from faltering in its labor. The human heart is so robust, so tough, that once encouraged it beats its rhythm with a loud unswerving insistency.
Drew Barrymore|Ever since the infamous quiz show scandals of the 1950s, the feds had insisted that TV game shows be honest - or that at least they didn't cheat. So as a 'Dating Game' bachelor, I didn't know what I was going to be asked. The other bachelors and I were required to concoct our answers in real time.
Michael Marshall Smith, Stories: All-New Tales|Disbelief is easy, Kane. It’s faith that takes courage, and character.
Yayoi Kusama|To me, photography is the simultaneous recognition, in a fraction of a second, of the significance of an event.
Deyth Banger|I just read few books, and this books made a magic in my life.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|Anyaele Sam Chiyson's Law of Objectivity States that You must be aware of who you are and your ability to do all things right by yourself and have all things turn out well for you, without distortion through personal feelings, prejudices or interpretations in order to make your mark in a way that is free from any subjective preference.
Alessandra Torre, Hollywood Dirt|My inner voice told me at that point, “you shouldn’t be caring about her, just move on! You have to improve your life and live apart from her”But my absurd heart was pleading, “you love her, you idiot. She is your life sphere, one more try at least for the sake of kindness.
Elio Melo, Soul Journey|One's manner of living, is a matter of life
Camille Paglia|I am confident that when the facts and policies have been examined, when the record of performances have been reviewed, Barack Obama and Joe Biden will once again be elected to lead our beloved country to a better future.
James Comey|No force can conquer the service personnel and people who, in support of their great leader, have turned out in the struggle to defend their country with confidence in the validity of their cause and their own strength - this is a law and a truth taught by history.
Aprilynne Pike, Spells|When you are in the company of lunatics, behave like a lunatic. When you are in the company of intelligentsias, speak with brilliance...that is how a chameleon behaves, the territory changes it, and it adapts to the changes.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|These hormones do not make me feel feminine: every night, I lie in bed feeling wrenched, and the bulge of my sanitary napkin in my kickers looks like a cock.
Matt Dunn, Best Man|A relationship needs constant attention. It’s a living thing, not just a habit. You’ve got to keep on top of it.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The principles of godliness must be ensured to be received by all in the community, city and the nation, even by the young and old.
Adolf Guggenbühl-Craig, Matrimonio: Vivi o morti|The hope that we have in Christ is so gloriously wonderful, why would we ever keep it to ourselves? When we refuse to communicate the Gospel there is nothing more cruel or selfish in all of humanity. Because we do believe that it is the only way-Christ is the only name-by which men and women can be saved. And to withhold that name and that news because it's difficult is on par with any other atrocious thing humanity has ever seen.
Henry James, Watch and Ward|It’s very silly,” she said, “but I go on with it in spite of myself. I’m afraid I’m too easily pleased; no novel is so silly I can’t read it.
Pep Guardiola|Whenever there's an opportunity to celebrate the written word and celebrate the folks that read the written word, and, I think, to encourage other writers to write and encourage folks to read more and get connected to it in a personal way, it's a positive thing.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|Wake up! Be yourself, not a bad copy of something else!
Stephen Richards|If being in the NOW doesn’t work, don’t worry as there is always another one tomorrow!
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|She had said: 'You could not hate anyone that much -' She was mistaken. What did she know? She felt so good right now, this must be hate, what else could it be?("Mind Over Murder")
Teresa R. Funke, V for Victory|The tears are falling freely now, and I don't care if he sees them. They're tears of relief for my nephew, worry for my grandfather and my brother, and shame for my mistake. I figure I earned them.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life will be a great mistake.
Kate Moretti, The Vanishing Year|You can get anything you want if you're nice to people. People like to do things for people, it's so easy to be kind.
Tamar Adler, An Everlasting Meal: Cooking with Economy and Grace|The meat smelt rank and was very tough, the soup was greasy and of a curious flavour, but it was a wonderful meal after all these hungry weeks.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|If indeed good were a feeling....then it would exist in time. But that is why to call it so is to commit the naturalistic fallacy. It will always remain pertinent to ask, whether the feeling itself is good; and if do, then good cannot itself be identical with any feeling.
Lila Bowen, Wake of Vultures|In the spirit of being a reflective practitioner of ourselves we must notice your own behavior as an educator and realize how it influences other. Recognize your privileges: race, gender, ability, career, citizenship, language is all privilege. Imagine how you feel in the visitors shoes and adjust to best help them process and contextualize.
Doobie Shemer, Sprouted Soul: Whole-Souled Poems|A Super-Integral Spirituality has all the features of an Integral Spirituality, plus, among other things, an inherent conjunction of each stage with a given state, giving all of its stages a transpersonal or spiritual flavor (at least the possibility of either gross nature mysticism, subtle deity mysticism, causal formless mysticism, or nondual Unity mysticism). These mystical states are, of course, available to virtually all the lower 1st- and 2nd-tier stages, although there are likely some significant differences in 3rd tier, given its inherent conjunction of structures and states.
Howard Mittelmark, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|In real life, couples bond and war over a million different things. The causes of divorce are like beautiful, unique snowflakes.
Mensah Oteh|Difficult times revel true friends but also the unfaithful in your life. Be attentive always, but especially during tough times.
Anna C. Salter|It is a political fight between a group of well-financed, well-organized people whose freedom, livelihood, finances, reputations, or liberty is being threatened by disclosures of child sexual abuse and--on the other hand--a group of well-meaning, ill-organized, underfinanced, and often terribly naive academics who expect fair play.
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|When a man modifies or adorns a woman's name, or dispatches an endearment into her vicinity, he is attempting at once to alter and deny her, to dilute the privacy of the category she has inherited and to require that she respond as someone quite less than herself.
Georges Bataille|Demons are a very human creation. You look for ways to explain evil, and instead of seeing it in yourselves, you offload the responsibility onto monsters. The monstrous exists in the mirror, not in the sulfurous depths of some fantasy world.
Jon Meacham, Thomas Jefferson: The Art of Power|A dog is grateful for what is, which I am finding to be the soundest kind of wisdom and very good theology.
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|Mattia's voice no longer stirred anything in his stomach, but he was aware of the idea of him and always would be, as the only true benchmark for everything that had come afterward.
Christine Feehan, Dark Hunger|The minute I'm in a little pain ... your rough, tough, scary bad boy image totally falls apart.
Sensei DarianStokes|Friendships sail like any other ship... left unattended, it will drift away" - Sensei Stokes
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Life is a train of moods like a string of beads; and as we pass through them they prove to be many colored lenses, which paint the world their own hue, and each shows us only what lies in its own focus.
Caitlyn Siehl, Literary Sexts: A Collection of Short & Sexy Love Poems|When is a monster not a monster? Oh, when you love it.
Jaime Buckley, The Truth About Lies|There are times in our lives when we labor so hard, for so long, that it may feel that we have nothing to show for it. That we have failed. We get discouraged, because we don’t achieve what we yearned for or anticipated.But a lack of desired results doesn’t mean we failed…it means we have locked our sights on the end result, instead of focusing on the process itself.No one can guarantee your success.What you can do, however, is consistently act—progressing towards your goals, so that your chances of success grows exponentially with each step you take.
Thich Nhat Hanh, For a Future to Be Possible: Buddhist Ethics for Everyday Life|...mindfulness - it isn't a trick or a gimmick. It's being present in the moment. When I'm with you, I'm with you. Right now. That's all. No more and no less.
|In all my life and in the future, I will always be a faithful and loyal servant to all of my compatriots.
Goldie Hawn|Our home had many books due principally to the educational interests of my sister and two brothers, all of whom where serious students engaged in professional studies; my sister became a doctor of medicine and my brothers became lawyers.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Humans like stories. Humans need stories. Stories are good. Stories work. Story clarifies and captures the essence of the human spirit. Story, in all its forms—of life, of love, of knowledge—has traced the upward surge of mankind. And story, you mark my words, will be with the last human to draw breath.
Barrie Kerper, Paris: The Collected Traveler|The great correspondent of the seventeenth century Madame de Sevigne counseled, "Take chocolate in order that even the most tireome company seem acceptable to you," which is also sound advice today!
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|His eyes sparkled again, and in that instant I felt a strong urge to get up and leave him behind. I had been wrong to think what Sean and I had was special. He wasn’t ‘the one’. He couldn’t be. ‘The one’ would never leave me behind.
Dada Bhagwan|Who doesn’t allow one to attain siddh gati (the final state of Liberation, moksha)? The body-complex (pudgal - that which charges and discharges). Similarly, what doesn’t let a gourd covered with mud, to go on top and float on water? The mud. The negative atoms, they weigh very heavily. They drag the Soul, the Self lower down.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|The journey to faith begins in a yearning for meaning and ends in love. Love is born out of the gratitude of a heart broken over its own sin and mended by grace. I would wish for a heart so broken that my gratitude, and therefore my love, would know no limits.
Brandon Mull, Chasing the Prophecy|Nora knows better than most that nothing lasts forever. Life doesn't, love doesn't, hope doesn't, so why would death, hate, or despair? Nothing is permanent. Not even the end of the world.
Marie Lu|I belong to no one. On this night, I swear to you that I will rise above everything you’ve ever taught me. I will become a force that this world has never known. I will come into such power that none will dare hurt me again.
Upanishad|From the Absolute to the Relative-from the Infinite to the Finite-from the Undifferentiated to the Differentiated-from the Unconditioned to the Conditioned and again from the Relative to the Absolute. That is the whole truth of the inexistance to the existentialist, formless to the form, Creator to the Creature, one to the every being, absolute to the inabsolute and vis-á-vis, soforth every single thing is temporary, non-existed, so do I, the dream that I dreamed off is simply a 'lie and impermanent too' same as in the mortal world whatever I do experience.
Fetty Wap|If you have love in your life, it can make up for a great many things that are missing. If you don't have love in your life, no matter what else there is, it's not enough.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|My whole body sank forward into his arms. His lips moved against mine, exploring my mouth so gently. I tried to mimic his movements--slowly, uncertainly, until I didn't have to think about it at all. It just felt right. He let out a soft moan at my reaction and cupped his hands behind my head, pulling me closer until I couldn't tell where my mouth ended and his began. A liquid sensation swooped throughout my stomach. It was the most amazing thing I'd ever felt and it kept growing, the vibrating heat expanding outward. I was surprised I was still able to stand.
Susan Minot, Lust and Other Stories|For a girl, with each boy it’s as though a petal gets plucked each time.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|7.	“When a foundation is built following sound structural principles, with solid, high-quality materials, anything that is layered on top is more secure, durable, and resilient. Your integrity works the same way.
Mark Twain, The $30,000 Bequest and Other Stories|I felt that the metal of my spirit, like a bar of iron that is softened and bent by a persistent flame, was being gradually softened and bent by the troubles that oppressed it. In spite of myself, I was conscious of a feeling of envy for those who did not suffer from such troubles, for the wealthy and the privileged; and this envy, I observed, was accompanied—still against my will—by a feeling of bitterness towards them, which, in turn, did not limit its aim to particular persons or situations, but, as if by an uncontrollable bias, tended to assume the general, abstract character of a whole conception of life. In fact, during those difficult days, I came very gradually to feel that my irritation and my intolerance of poverty were turning into a revolt against injustice, and not only against the injustice which struck at me personally but the injustice from which so many others like me suffered. I was quite aware of this almost imperceptible transformation of my subjective resentments into objective reflections and states of mind, owing to the bent of my thoughts which led always and irresistibly in the same direction: owing also to my conversation, which, without my intending it, alway harped upon the same subject. I also noticed in myself a growing sympathy for those political parties which proclaimed their struggle against the evils and infamies of the society to which, in the end I had attributed the troubles that beset me—a society which, as I thought, in reference to myself, allowed its best sons to languish and protected its worst ones. Usually, and in the simpler, less cultivated people, this process occurs without their knowing it, in the dark depths of consciousness where, by a kind of mysterious alchemy, egoism is transmuted into altruism, hatred into love, fear into courage; but to me, accustomed as I was to observing and studying myself, the whole thing was clear and visible, as though I were watching it happen in someone else; and yet I was aware the whole time that I was being swayed by material subjective factors, that I was transforming purely personal motives into universal reasons.
Kate Meader, Sparking the Fire|she allowed herself to dwell on the cause of this strange, apprehensive exultation that she sensed flickering at the edge of her mind: it was the rarest thing of all - a man whom she knew at once, and without any qualification, to be her equal.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|You are not a perfect woman.You have an evil temper, you’re as blind as a mole, you’re a deplorable poet, and frankly, your French accent could use some work.” Supporting himself on his elbows, Leo took her face in his hands. “But when I put those things together with the rest of you, it makes you into the most perfectly imperfect woman I’ve ever known.
Mat Johnson, Loving Day|We play into the definitions and stereotypes others impose on us and accept the model-minority myth, thinking it's positive, but it's a trap just like any stereotype. They put a piece of model-minority cheese between the metal jaws of their mousetrap, but we're lactose intolerant anyway! We can't even eat the cheese.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|As Hegel said, tragedy was not the conflict between right and wrong but right and right, a dilemma none of us who wanted to participate in history could escape. The major had the right to live, and I was right to kill him. Wasn't I?
James Rozoff|Scepticism is never certain of itself, being less a firm intellectual position than a pose to justify bad behavior.
Rainer Maria Rilke|I know nothing of writing books properly. I write in the same manner I live life: one feeling at a time. If this makes me a bad writer, then I might hope to author several bad books.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Finally, Charlie gave up the hunt and placed (the puppy) back on the floor, dispatching fleas was not his idea of a romantic evening, unless you happened to be a twisted exterminator, he thought.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|Patents are not forever, but inventions are
Carla Olson Gade|Love cannot be hidden. It even shines in the darkest places." ~ Carla Olson Gade, The Shadow Catcher's Daughter
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are happy with your past, you visit it often; and strangely, if you are unhappy with your past, you visit it often too!
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|I've been asked by lots of people, "What happens if you do kill yourself?" They want to know about what it would be like for other people around you, like the person who would find your body, the other kids at school, whoever would have to clean up the blood, what your family holidays would be like.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music , literature with poetry makes a perfect paradise.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Walking through life, we spend most of our energy choosing the right shoes.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Jealousy is perhaps the most involuntary of all strong emotions. It steals consciousness, it lies deeper than thought. It is always there, like a blackness in the eye, it discolours the world.
Alfred Day Hershey|I try to lie as much as I can when I'm interviewed. It's reverse psychology. I figure if you lie, they'll print the truth.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I don't know why or when I started falling for you, Alex. But I did. Ever since I almost ran over your motorcycle that first day of school I haven't been able to stop thinking about what it would be like if you and I got together. And that kiss ... God, I swear I never experienced anything like that in my life. It did mean something. If the solar system didn't tilt then, it never will. I know it's crazy because we're so different. And if anything happens between us I don't want people at school to know. Not that you'll agree to have a secret relationship with me, but I at least have to find out if it's possible. I broke up with Colin, who I had a very public relationship with and I'm ready for something private. Private and real. I know I'm babbling like an idiot, but if you don't say something soon or give me a hint of what you're thinking then I'll--""Say it again," he says."That whole drawn-out speech?" I remember something about a solar system, but I'm too light-headed to recite the entire thing all over again.He steps closer. "No. The part about you fallin' for me."My eyes cling to his. "I think about you all the time, Alex. And I really, really want to kiss you again."The sides of his mouth turn up.Unable to face him, I look at the ground. "Don't make fun of me." I can take anything but that right abou
Meryl Streep|The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy, we can all sense a mysterious connection to each other.
Babyface|What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!
Devin Kelley|I'm not cocky at all. You ask anybody, I'm one of the nicest guys. I try to be as humble as I can, but if you work hard, sometimes you know that you earned more respect.
Elvis Presley|Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away.
Shannon L. Alder|I don’t believe in the Law of Attraction. There were things I wanted in my life that no amount of positive thinking was going to make it a reality for me. However, I have learned to believe in the Law of Tough Love. Life has thrown a dozen tragedies at me. I did what any Christian would do--prayed for the outcome I wanted, but God was tough and only gave me what I needed. I now realize that life is not about fulfilling a wish list; rather a need list. Good and bad experiences are on the horizon. How else does a person change, grow and evolve? And just like any warrior woman, I won’t simply survive-- but thrive!
Friedrich Nietzsche|Art as the single superior counter-force against all will to negation of life, art as the anti-Christian, anti-Buddhist, anti-Nihilist par excellence.
Israelmore Ayivor|When God's favour and Godly flavour is in you, your haters will taste wisdom and the only thing they can do is to regret ever tasting a sweet thing.
Victor Hugo|I am a buyer of blank books. Kids find it interesting that I would buy a blank book. They say, "Twenty-Six dollars for a blank book! Why would you pay that?" The reason I pay twenty-six dollars is to challenge myself to find something worth twenty-six dollars to put in there. All my journals are private, but if you ever got hold of one of them, you wouldn't have to look very far to discover it is worth more than twenty-six dollars
Django Wylie, The Middle|Indentations on the page, words, my friends, and I will share them with you.
L.M. Montgomery, Jane of Lantern Hill|Was aus Liebe getan wird, geschieht immer jenseits von Gut und Böse. (What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.)
Jewell Parker Rhodes|I don't know about changing my perspective, because motherhood is such a glorious blessing and I am very thankful for that. It's such a beautiful experience. I so strongly recommend it. It's bliss, love and fulfillment of another level.
Sunday Adelaja|God will not come from Heaven to help us, but He’ll use the people around us for that
Tom Cotton|Discouragement, fear, doubt, lack of self-confidence, are the germs which have killed the prosperity and happiness of tens of thousands of people.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|In a storytelling event with the theme 'My First High', he felt sad listening to everybody's literal high moments.He had never been high before.Today, he had never been this low before.
Tim Fargo|She believes in will. It is so frail and delicate at night that she can’t even imagine the next morning, but it is so wide and binding by the middle of the next day that she cannot even remember the terrible night. It is as if she gives birth every day.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|May this Soulful understanding of Christmas invite - the peace, harmony and serenity you deserve.
Clyde Watson|I love not man the less, but nature more
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You are likely to fall when you stop paddling your bicycle. Such is life. As long as you don’t give up, you will never end up failing!
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|It is important that when we make a resolution, or establish a goal, that we take the ACTION necessary to accomplish that goal.
Steve Jobs|Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|What an ugly beast is the ape, and how like us.
Benjamin Franklin|Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Either way, he was always staring into a bottomless pit, or into a whirlpool that forever sucked him inexorably inward to its vortex.
Robert Green Ingersoll|I am really drawn to damaged characters, and I have a lot of sympathy for them. Making those complicated characters empathetic is something to strive for. It's too easy to create a good guy or a good girl.
Gary Paul Nabhan Stephan Trimble, The Geography of Childhood: Why Children Need Wild Places|There was something about him that drove the shyness out of you, a kind of understanding that went deeper than words and set up an instantaneous closeness. It was odd; we couldn’t have been more different. Arthur Gordon
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I can describe an axe entering a human skull in great explicit detail and no one will blink twice at it. I provide a similar description, just as detailed, of a penis entering a vagina, and I get letters about it and people swearing off. To my mind this is kind of frustrating, it’s madness. Ultimately, in the history of [the] world, penises entering vaginas have given a lot of people a lot of pleasure; axes entering skulls, well, not so much.
Ashavan|Religion is the record of spiritual events. Through the repetition of past occurrences religion can give us a close approximation of the event itself, but it is not the same thing as a spiritual experience.
Jake Coburn, LoveSick|You know how they say the path to hell is paved with good intentions? Well, maybe the path to heaven is paved with bad ones.
Kimberly Kinrade, Forbidden Mind|In one blow, that dream died as they dragged me—him—away. A tear slid down my cheek. I wasn't the only one mourning the loss of a dream. "I'm sorry." 'You're not alone, I just wanted you to know that. And someday, when I have my powers back and am free, I'm going to do some serious damage to the people who've hurt you.
Sharde Richardson, Watched|Do you ever dangle your toes over the precipice, dare the cliff to crumble, defy the frozen deity to suffer the sun, thaw feather and bone, take wing to fly you home?
Barbara Marciniak, Family of Light: Pleiadian Tales and Lessons in Living|Trust that whatever you are dealing with, whatever doorway to crisis you experience, it is leading you to a greater lesson in liwing where ideally the power of love is what you learn. Forgive, and broadcast your excitement to be alive.
Serenity Rey|Appreciate the things and people in your life while remaining independent of them. Give thanks for them, but realize that they do not complete you. Only you can complete you.
Jennifer Silverwood|I am the Merlin, bane of the Vale, terror of the four lands. I am chaos and shadows, the last of my people.
Beth Mikell, Salvation|Now, what would you like for dinner? Steak? Chicken? I, for one…I am thinking…Chinese.”Stunned, Jenera stopped and looked between Nylora and Aleta, “Uh…I don’t think you mean sweet and sour pork, right?”The older handmaiden laughed heartily, “You catch on quick, my lady.” She winked, “Nothing says delicious like a short Chinese man in a darkened alley to whet my appetite.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|When you are a child at home alone, you’re afraid someone might come; when you are old and at home alone, you’re afraid no one will come.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|She gets on her tippy-toes and kisses him. Long, slow, deep. The kind of kiss where you can feel little pieces of your soul trading places as mouths open and breath mingles.
Saira Viola, Jukebox: a stylish London crime novel|The Money River, where the wealth of the nation flows. We were born on the banks of it-and so were most of the mediocre people we grew up with, went to private schools with, sailed and played tennis with. We can slurp from that mighty river to our hearts' content. And we can even take slurping lessons, so we can slurp more efficiently.
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|That’s the point. This healthy-feeling time now just feels like a tease. Like I’m in this holding pattern, flying in smooth circles within sight of the airport, in super-comfortable first class. But I can’t enjoy the in-flight movie or free chocolate chip cookies because I know that before the airport is able to make room for us, the plane is going to run out of fuel, and we’re going to crash-land into a fiery, agonizing death.
Acharya Balkrishna|The only way to experience true wellbeing is to turn inward. This is what yoga means - not up, not out, but in. The only way out is in.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive life.
James Franco|All he had was nothing, but that was something, and now it had been taken away.
Marilyn Nelson, Fortune's Bones: The Manumission Requiem|Since she seen Fortune head in that big pot Miss Lydia say that room make her feel ill, sick with the thought of boiling human broth. I wonder how she think it make me feel? To dust the hands what use to stroke my breast; to dust the arms what hold me when I cried; to dust where his soft lips were and his chest what curved its warm against my back at night. From the poem "Dinah's Lament" (15)
Kevin Haworth, Famous Drownings in Literary History: Essays on 21st-Century Jewishness|The new fans of Japan won’t be Orientalists, but they will be anime-savvy.
Vanessa Lachey|I go back five generations in Jamaica. My dad grew up in Port Royal, and my mom grew up in Kingston. My family is from the country like West Moreland and also in Manchester. I've been there countless times. As far as cuisine, there's not really much that comes out of Jamaica that's on a plate that I don't like.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Don't open up doors you won't have the strength later to close, be mindful of the acts you enable.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|No! Aguaje is for girls. If a man eats to much of it, he starts to look like a woman.That is the most unscientific thing I've ever heard.Then you haven't met my cousin Jacari. Too much aguaje. Now the mothers use him as wet nurse.
Sunday Adelaja|By accepting fear in our life, we automatically allow it to rule over us
Yehuda Berg|Real estate sales was perfect training for the experience to go into public life because you learn to accept rejection, learn to meet new people, learn to work with people and find common ground. That's the way you sell houses... that's also the way you win over constituency.
Robert W. Lebling, Legends of the Fire Spirits: Jinn and Genies from Arabia to Zanzibar|A crazy old lady, leading a band of teenagers against an angry supernatural Entity - who’da thought?
Darren Shan, Wolf Island|The world won't end with a bang or a whimper. It'll end with the death screams of a thousand demons and a defiant, carefree, savage, wolfen howl.
Charlotte Eriksson|I am not a broken heart. I am not collarbones or drunken letters never sent. I am not the way I leave or left or didn’t know how to handle anything,at any time,and I am not your fault.
Cameron Jace, Jar of Hearts|Pedro Algorta, a lawyer, showed me the fat dossier about the murder of two women. The double crime had been committed with a knife at the end of 1982, in a Montevideo suburb. The accused, Alma Di Agosto, had confessed. She had been in jail more than a year, and was apparently condemned to rot there for the rest of her life. As is the custom, the police had raped and tortured her. After a month of continuous beatings they had extracted several confessions. Alma Di Agosto's confessions did not much resemble each other, as if she had committed the same murder in many different ways. Different people appeared in each confession, picturesque phantoms without names or addresses, because the electric cattle prod turns anyone into a prolific storyteller. Furthermore, the author demonstrated the agility of an Olympic athlete, the strength of a fairground Amazon, and the dexterity of a professional matador. But the most surprising was the wealth of detail: in each confession, the accused described with millimetric precision clothing, gestures, surroundings, positions, objects..... Alma Di Agosto was blind. Her neighbours, who knew and loved her, were convinced she was guilty: 'Why?' asked the lawyer. 'Because the papers say so.' 'But the papers lie,' said the lawyer. 'But the radio said so too,' explained the neighbours. 'And the TV!
Ludwig von Mises|If men do not now succeed in abolishing war, civilization and mankind are doomed.
Saul Bellow|I love to watch cities wake up, and Paris wakes up more abruptly, more startlingly, than any place I know.
Sebastian Loving|The more Christian you are in this town, the more makeup you wear. I've always thought that it's because if you were to die suddenly, you'd look better for God.
Andrea Bocelli|I'm not going to school just for the academics - I wanted to share ideas, to be around people who are passionate about learning.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Dancing, at its best, is independence and intimacy in balance.
Dante Alighieri|Here sighs and cries and shrieks of lamentation echoed throughout the starless air of Hell;at first these sounds resounding made me weep:tongues confused, a language strained in anguishwith cadences of anger, shrill outcriesand raucous groans that joined with sounds of hands,raising a whirling storm that turns itselfforever through that air of endless black,like grains of sand swirling when a whirlwind blows.And I, in the midst of all this circling horror,began, "Teacher, what are these sounds I hear?What souls are these so overwhelmed by grief?"And he to me: "This wretched state of beingis the fate of those sad souls who lived a lifebut lived it with no blame and with no praise.They are mixed with that repulsive choir of angelsneither faithful nor unfaithful to their God,who undecided stood but for themselves.Heaven, to keep its beauty, cast them out,but even Hell itself would not receive them,for fear the damned might glory over them."And I. "Master, what torments do they sufferthat force them to lament so bitterly?"He answered: "I will tell you in few words:these wretches have no hope of truly dying,and this blind life they lead is so abjectit makes them envy every other fate.The world will not record their having been there;Heaven's mercy and its justice turn from them.Let's not discuss them; look and pass them by...
Akshay Vasu|She asked him, to name the monster that he is most afraid of always and looked into his eyes in silence. 'I see him every time whenever I stare into your eyes.' he replied.
Shujoy Chowdhury|hide your feelings, hide you thoughts, hide your self from the world but dont hide you from you cause only you know where you stand & the world's knows nothing
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Being sad and being depressed are two different things. Also, people going through depression don't look so, while someone sad will look sad. The most common reaction is, 'How can you be depressed? You have everything going for you. You are the supposed number one heroine and have a plush home, car, movies... What else do you want?'
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|They all know it is there, all the people of Omelas. Some of them have come to see it, others are content merely to know it is there. They all know that it has to be there. Some of them understand why, and some do not, but they all understand that their happiness, the beauty of their city, the tenderness of their friendships, the health of their children, the wisdom of their scholars, the skill of their makers, even the abundance of their harvest and the kindly weathers of their skies, depend wholly on this child's abominable misery.
Aprilynne Pike, Wings|I'll think of you, just like I promised.""And I'll think of you, just like I have every day," Tamani said.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|Writing is the only way to run away from home, without ever leaving.
Laura J. Burns|The more things change, the more they stay the same. I'm not sure who the first person was who said that. Probably Shakespeare. Or maybe Sting. But at the moment, it's the sentence that best explains my tragic flaw, my inability to change. I don't think I'm alone in this. The more I get to know other people, the more I realize it's kind of everyone's flaw. Staying exactly the same for as long as possible, standing perfectly still... It feels safer somehow. And if you are suffering, at least the pain is familiar. Because if you took that leap of faith, went outside the box, did something unexpected... Who knows what other pain might be out there, waiting for you. Chances are it could be even worse. So you maintain the status quo. Choose the road already traveled and it doesn't seem that bad. Not as far as flaws go. You're not a drug addict. You're not killing anyone... Except maybe yourself a little. When we finally do change, I don't think it happens like an earthquake or an explosion, where all of a sudden we're like this different person. I think it's smaller than that. The kind of thing most people wouldn't even notice unless they looked at us really close. Which, thank God, they never do. But you notice it. Inside you that change feels like a world of difference. And you hope this is it. This is the person you get to be forever... that you'll never have to change again.
Johanna Moran, The Wives of Henry Oades|The hero is the one who goes beyond his ability to improve his skills, until he becomes able to improve, and perhaps even alter, the skills of others.
Joe Hill, Heart-Shaped Box|Pounding that kid, I really wanted to put a bullet between the eyes of every endangered panda that wouldn't screw to save its species and every whale or dolphin that gave up and ran itself aground.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|Any intelligent person knows that life is a beautiful thing and that the purpose of life is to be happy," said my father as he watched the three beauties. "But it seems only idiots are ever happy. How can we explain this?
Katina Ferguson|Try and avoid people who use the word "cant" regularly associate rather with those who say "can" and do
Travis Bradberry|Bragging about yourself violates norms of modesty and politeness - and if you were really competent, your work would speak for itself.
Robert Cormier, The Chocolate War|Running is a simple activity. Just lace up your shoes and go, one step at a time, like each breath.
A.D. Posey|If you don’t think screenwriting is a work of art, good luck in your life without a soul.
Umberto Eco|With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Have you ever thought about rhythm? The way it changes from inside a song? The way it picks up pace or drops and takes you somewhere new?Rhythm is the key, but sometimes rhythm shakes and shimmies, shifts and emerges all mermaid-new.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Insecure people only eclipse your sun because they’re jealous of your daylight and tired of their dark, starless nights.
Sophie Tucker|The crucial task of old age is balance: keeping just well enough, just brave enough, just gay and interested and starkly honest enough to remain a sentient human being.
Susan Lynn Peterson, Clare|When Americans find out I grew up in the tenements, the question they invariably ask me is “how did you end up there?” Americans, it seems, find comfort in reasons and explanations. They honestly believe that if they can find the reason for someone else’s misfortune, they can avoid that misfortune themselves. If they could find out how I ended up in the tenements, they could assure themselves that it could never have happened to them.
|Wishing for something without tirelessly working for it, is like trying to drive a car that has no fuel in it.
Tao Lin, Bed|We make it all up, even that we don't.
Patrick Stump Fall Out Boy|I cried tears you'll never see. So fuck you, you can go cry me a ocean and leave me be
Chuck Palahniuk|We are all busy. It's easy to find excuses for not reaching out to others, but I imagine they will sound as hollow to our Heavenly Father as the elementary school boy who gave his teacher a note asking that he be excused from school March 30th through the 34th.
Tegan Quin|Me being in love with a girl and wanting her to be with me, doing what I need to do to make her stay with me; it affects no one, yet it’s terrifying to people and they think you’re a monster.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Second Cosmic Seal:(Seal of Karl 666) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 160,000 spirits. Many great politicians, military commanders, etc. on earth are at this occult level of operations. This will be the occult level of Antichrist.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|Remember to breathe. It is after all, the secret of life.
Mekael Shane|Soldiers train for war, but pray for peace
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|So don't fall in love, there's just too much to lose; if you're given the chance then I'm begging you choose to walk away, walk away, don't let it get you. I can't bear to see the same thing happen to you.
Uzoma Nnadi|Charles Wallace, the danger here is greatest for you." "Why?""Because of what you are. Just exactly because of what you are you will be by far the most vulnerable. You must stay with Meg and Calvin. You must not go off on your own. Beware of pride and arrogance, Charles, for they may betray you.
Sheba Karim, That Thing We Call a Heart|Being in integrity’ only means all your senses are just focusing on that task, in that moment!!!
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|You have been with me from the very first life. You are my first memory every time, the single thread in all of my lives. It`s you who makes me a person.
Josh Bezoni|The aloo gobi is perhaps to North India what apple pie is to America. It is cheap and easy to make. Like most Indian dishes, you can make aloo gobi in as complex or rudimentary a fashion as you wish. You can eat it with rice, rotis, parathas or even with sliced white bread. A little leftover aloo gobi between two slices of white bread, toasted in one of those clamp sandwich-makers, and served with ketchup and mint chutney, is one of the greatest breakfast achievements of our species.
Rachel Thompson|Medications used to treat psychiatric disorders are commonly referred to as psychotropic drugs. These drugs are commonly described by their major clinical application, for example, antidepressants, antipsychotics, mood stabilizers, anxiolytics, hypnotics, cognitive enhancers, and stimulants. A problem with this approach is that these drugs have multiple indicators. For example, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRls) are both antidepressants and anxiolytics, and the serotonin-dopamine antagonists (SDAs) are both anxiolytics and mood stabilizers.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Bad in good and good in bad, see the life you could have had? Your life is the keyhole, and you are the key, don’t look back, NOW choose to be happy!”Deetkatu, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Personally, I think it is better for me to love myself and enjoy being me, than to please someone else by pretending to be someone I'm not.
Lisa Mantchev, Perchance to Dream|For centuries after obtaining power during the reign of Constantine, Christians went on a censorship rampage that led to the virtual illiteracy of the ancient Western world and ensured that their secret would be hidden from the masses. The scholars of other schools/sects evidently did not easily give up their arguments against the historicizing of a very ancient mythological creature. We have lost the exact arguments of these learned dissenters because Christians destroyed any traces of their works. Nonetheless, the Christians preserved the contentions of their detractors through their own refutations.For example, early Church Father Tertullian (c. 160-220 CE), an 'ex-Pagan' and a presbyter at Carthage, ironically admitted the true origins of the Christ story and other such myths by stating in refutation of his critics, 'You say we worship the sun; so do you. Interestingly, a previously strident believer and defender of the faith, Tertullian later renounced orthodox Christianity after becoming a Montanist.
Trevor D. Richardson|We're a society of brats, fighting over the same toys. That, for me, is the closest we come to be inherently evil as a people. It leads to selfishness, inflexibility, and impatience -- among so many other traits that are ugly and harmful. We're combative, competitive, petty, and suffer from one fatal flaw that I can never get my head around. We recognize behavior in others that makes us insane, while turning right around and doing the exact thing to someone else.
Ashley Jeffery|An angry man will find himself in an angry world, and a swindler will find himself in a world of thieves whom he dare not trust. Like attracts and mirrors like.
Gregg Lambert, Philosophy After Friendship: Deleuze's Conceptual Personae|According to Kant’s late work on the Principles of Politics (1793), the irreducible problem of the human species is the following: the human being is an animal and thus, to live peacefully with other animals of its kind, absolutely needs a master.
Rodney Romig, Chasing the Horizon|The world is a merrier place to live if people do things more out of sincerity, not just out of formality.
Danny Castillones Sillada|To be human is, primarily, to embrace that we are human with strengths and weaknesses, and that our humanity is preordained to seek the Truth, Good and Beauty as part of our humanity. To be human is to be an agent of peace, justice, and reconciliation in our community or society. To be human is to be heroic and generous in an unobtrusive way, free from any selfish motive, with no media to show the litany of our good deeds. To be human is to have time to listen to the story of a grieving soul, to give hope to the hopeless, to give love to the unloved.(Danny Castillones Sillada, A reason to be Human: Human Pathos and Compassion)
faamin|love is depend on things ,which we need to use for survival from sex to religions
Kameron Hurley, The Mirror Empire|Just keep in mind," Liaro said, "they're not going to remember the words. They'll remember how you made them feel. Make them feel something.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Black and white, oldest of the vintages, newest of the last season.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|She shook her head as she confessed, "I want it so much, I'm afraid to hope." "Never be afraid to hope," Rohan said gently. "It's the only way to begin." -Rohan to Win
Madeleine L'Engle, Miracle on 10th Street and Other Christmas Writings|One foggy night I was walking the dogs down the lane and heard the geese, very close overhead, calling, calling, their marvellous strange cry, as they flew by. I think that is what our own best prayer must sound like when we send it up to heaven.
Nunki Artura|And by the way, I know my title said “10 Reasons” and I only listed “6”. I didn’t learn to count in college.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Once I make a decision, I stick to it.
Tisha Campbell-Martin|The USDA is not our ally here. We have to take matters into our own hands, not only by advocating for a better diet for everyone - and that's the hard part - but by improving our own. And that happens to be quite easy. Less meat, less junk, more plants.
Lewis Mumford|Twin-sister of Religion, Selfishness.
Emma Stone|When I was younger, I was terrified to express anger because it would often kick-start a horrible reaction in the men in my life. So I bit my tongue. I was left to painstakingly deal with the aftermath of my avoidance later in life, in therapy or through the lyrics of my songs.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|The road may be rough, the journey may be tough and the experience may be bitter, but they are stepping stones to our future thrones.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|I am interested in people living in the margins of society, and I do have a mission to tell the stories of women of colour in particular. I feel we've been present throughout history, but our voices have been neglected.
Kenza Slaoui|It's like someone took the darkness of the universe and put it into your eyes... You became a slave to the monsters living in you. You were light, but now you allow it be seen.
Andrew Ross Sorkin, Too Big to Fail: The Inside Story of How Wall Street and Washington Fought to Save the Financial System from Crisis — and Themselves|The numbers were, at best, guesstimates, and all three men knew it. The relevant figure would ultimately be the one that represented the most they could possibly ask from Congress without raising too many questions. Whatever that sum turned out to be, they knew they could count on (Interim Assistant Secretary of the Treasury) Kashkari to perform some sort of mathematical voodoo to justify it:
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Quantum Mechanics can indeed be extremely complex to grasp, but when we talk about Consciousness, with decades of rigorous studies on the human brain we have realized that actually, there is no other phenomenon in the entire universe that is simpler than the majestic phenomenon of Consciousness.'If you think you have a solution to the problem of consciousness, you haven’t understood the problem.' This age-old metaphysical and philosophical argument is strictly not true. If you are sufficiently clear-sighted enough, you can realize the problem itself was a matter of the past when we didn’t have insight into the neurological basis of consciousness. And today it is common knowledge in Neuroscience that, all mesmerizing features of the Human Mind, including the glorious Human Consciousness, are born from the tiny specks of jelly inside your head.
Roy  Bennett|Live a good life. More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Christopher Paolini|Over the years I have written creative non-fiction related to the curricula I produced, first as an elementary school art instructor, then for nearly two decades as a museum education curator. While any curriculum I wrote was based on facts as well as best and accepted practices, to add imaginative interest and encourage my students’ engagement I put those facts in the context of stories, invented situations that brought to life the remote or unfamiliar
J.C. Wickhart, Devil's Lamb|Damnation is eternal. That’s the whole point. Otherwise, what good would it do you?
Trotsky|Wrong turns make the right turn all the more worthwhile, once discovered.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|To teach you need books, to educate you need heart.
Carl Sagan|If it takes a little myth and ritual to get us through a night that seems endless, who among us cannot sympathize and understand?
Barton Gellman|Slow travel now rivals the fly-to-Barcelona-for-lunch culture. Advocates savour the journey, travelling by train or boat or bicycle, or even on foot, rather than crammed into an airplane. They take time to plug into the local culture instead of racing through a list of tourist traps.
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|Sometimes I have the feeling that what takes place is identical to what doesn't take place, what we dismiss or allow to slip by us identical to what we accept and seize, what we experience identical to what we never try, and yet we spend our lives in a process of choosing and rejecting and selecting, in drawing a line to separate these identical things and make of our story a unique story that we can remember and that can be recounted, either now or at the end of time, and this be erased or swept away, the annulment of everything we are and do. We pour all our intelligence and our feelings and our enthusiasm into the task of discriminating between things that will all be made equal, if they haven't already been, and that's why we're so full of regrets and lost opportunities, of confirmations and reaffirmations and opportunities grasped, when the truth is that nothing is affirmed and everything is constantly in the process of being lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A task which seems difficult, can be done with adequate training.
Charles Dickens, Sketches by Boz|Christmas ought to be brought up to date,” Maria said. “It ought to have gangsters, and aeroplanes and a lot of automatic pistols.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|the bleakest situations bring out the hospitality in all of us, but it's during the harshest we find out how strong we really are.
Rob Liano|An abundance of money, alcohol, or power doesn't change you, it simply reveals who you truly are.
Irving Stone|He had been standing still; for an artist, one of the more painful forms of death.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|Health, peace of mind, peak performance, and success in any area of life all depend upon doing the right thing at the right time, in harmony with the cycles of the Four Seasons.
Moss Hart, Act One|Good is not good, where better is expected.
Mark Twain|If you spent your life concentrating on what everyone else thought of you, would you forget who you really were?
Carl von Clausewitz|A weapon is merely a weapon, nothing more. What matters is how you use it.
Gautama Buddha|When you enter the world of laughter, you enter the world of fantasy and creativity.
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|Perhaps the most important thing I learned was about democracy, that democracy is not our government, our constitution, our legal structure. Too often they are enemies of democracy.
James Gleick|The principle of equality, which is at the core of democratic values, has very little meaning in a world in which global oligarchy is taking over.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|A writer’s tools are desperation, humiliation, loneliness, love, affection, heartache, happiness, glee, defeat, victory, setbacks, and a desire for personal redemption. People with the experience to know of such things relate that in order to write one must suffer an alleyway of anguish, and experience an array of physical and emotional pain. More than anything else, emotional growth, and writing are each reflective of the immeasurable gain accomplished through studious reflection.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Don Pedro - (...)'In time the savage bull doth bear the yoke.'Benedick - The savage bull may, but if ever the sensible Benedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns and set them in my forehead, and let me be vildly painted; and in such great letters as they writes, 'Here is good horse for hire', let them signify under my sign, 'Here you may see Benedick the married man.
Monika Zands|Wake up, it's your time to shine. You are the gift the world is waiting for. Stop being so selfish by hiding it. How much longer do we have to wait for your magnificence to shine light on our darkness?
Jaeda DeWalt|Avoiding our pain is needlessly exhausting. Pain can not be killed. When we attempt to bury our pain, it rises up from the grave of our emotions, haunting us, until we acknowledge its presence. We can heal our pain when we allow it to move through us.
Anonymous|For thus hath the Lord said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth." -
Charles Bukowski|My dear,Find what you love and let it kill you.Let it drain you of your all. Let it cling onto your back and weigh you down into eventual nothingness.Let it kill you and let it devour your remains.For all things will kill you, both slowly and fastly, but it’s much better to be killed by a lover.~ Falsely yours
Roberta Williams|If I was designing a web site for elementary school children, I might have a much higher percentage of older computers with outdated browsers since keeping up with browser and hardware technology has not traditionally been a strong point of most elementary schools.
Laurie R. King, A Letter of Mary|You see why I married her, Mycroft? The exquisite juxtaposition of ladylike threads and backhanded compliments proved irresistible.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|It had to unleash some invisible magic, he thought; Hades and Persephone, joining together again within these black and holy stone walls, for the first time in millennia. As they indulged in enjoying one another, how could they not be reactivating some power within the Earth itself? Surely they were at least bringing autumn storm clouds rolling and thundering over the Mediterranean.But probably every boy felt that way when finally in bed caressing the girl he loved.
John Paul Warren|I often feel the pressure, from my peers and others, to come out and “take a stand” on a moral or social issue. Typically, I refuse to do so, or at least I refuse to do so in a way that will please my critics. On so many of the hard and divisive issues of our times, I don’t close my eyes. I do stand for something: I stand for love. For if Jesus came, not to condemn the world, but to redeem it, how can we who bear the Name respond any differently? Yes, what I believe about all these moral and social issues matters, without a doubt. But these beliefs mean nothing, if my first and consuming conviction is not love for those who are different and believe differently than me. We have a choice: We can choose to show how “right” we are, or we can choose to love. Sometimes, it is impossible to do both at the same time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If Jarod Kintz was a cat, he'd stalk people silently and deadly. Right now, all he does is bark at them for no good reason, like all the good people do.
Timothy Zahn|Everything I do in my life is very instinctual and in the moment. If I'm attracted to something, that's it. If I have reservations, those don't change till they're resolved. My first impression is how I go.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Of course, in our train of thought, we would all like to think we're on the right track, or at least the same railroad company as the right track.
Bruce R. McConkie|The most important doctrine I can declare, and the most powerful testimony I can bear, is of the atoning sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ. His atonement is the most transcendent event that ever has or ever will occur from Creation’s dawn through all the ages of a never-ending eternity.
Sherryl Jordan, Winter of Fire|This love frightens me, it causes me fear and ecstasy and pain and a thousand other things I never knew I could feel.It terrifies me, leaves me wounded and open and vulnerable.But I want you to know it exists.And I want you to know that if there ever comes a day in your life when you want my love, then it is here.I will be here.Always.That is all I want you to know.
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy|It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.
Rachel A. Marks, Darkness Brutal|The demon is crouched in the corner, between the Cheetos and the onion dip. It’s a small one, only about four feet tall: a low-level creeper. I flick my gaze over the spot like I don’t see it and open the cooler door to get a Coke.
Van Jensen|What the heck is this, a trivet?""I AM WAFFLE FACE!
C. JoyBell C.|I am not a little bit of many things; but I am the sufficient representation of many things. I am not an incompletion of all these races; but I am a masterpiece of the prolific. I am an entirety, I am not a lack of anything; rather I am a whole of many things. God did not see it needful to make me generic. He thinks I am better than that.
James Rozoff, Seven Stones|To be myself, to follow my desires to the best of my abilities. That’s the only end worth shooting for. Success and failure lie beyond us, they may be signposts that direct us, but they are foolish goals in themselves. To truly be who I have been made to be, made myself to be, ah, that is the only mission worthy of all the life that flows within.
Richard Feynman, The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 1-2|Programmed by quanta, physics gave rise first to chemistry and then to life; programmed by mutations and recombination, life gave rise to Shakespeare; programmed by experience and imagination, Shakespeare gave rise to Hamlet.
Dōgen, How to Cook Your Life: From the Zen Kitchen to Enlightenment|If you want to help sentient beings, you have to get your hands dirty.
Pierre Omidyar|I don't really look at the charts at all. If anything, I try to out-do what I've done before. I try to make music that I like and I trust my own judgement with what will work with a wider audience. If you compare yourself to the charts, you lose perspective on what you're doing and why you're doing it.
Oscar Wilde|It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
Christina  Lee|If my like for you was a footy crowd, you'd be deaf cos of the roar.And if my like for you were a boxer, there'd be a dead guy lying on the floor.And if my like for you were sugar, you'd lose your teeth before you were twenty. And if my like for you was money, let's just say you'd be spending plenty.
Hillary Clinton|I, for one, respect those who believe with all their hearts and conscience that there are no circumstances under which any abortion should ever be available.
