Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Little girls grow up thinking that knights in shining armor actually exist.  But they don't.  And if those valiant heroes ever did bless this world with their chivalrous deeds, I imagine, just like Christ's apostles, they were destroyed by envy on the battlefront.
G.K. Chesterton|A good novel tells us the truth about its hero, but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. It does much more than that, it tells us the truth about its readers; and, oddly enough, it tells us this all the more the more cynical and immoral be the motive of its manufacture.
Bre Pettis|I've always had an interest in design, and I have always loved creating things.
Debasish Mridha|Ignore cynicism, appreciate criticism, and embrace optimism.
Konrad Lorenz|Philosophers are people who know less and less about more and more, until they know nothing about everything. Scientists are people who know more and more about less and less, until they know everything about nothing.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|The original Hebrew word for woman, a word that is used twice to refer to the first woman, three times to refer to strong military forces, and sixteen times to refer to God, is this: Ezer...I learn this: "The word Ezer has two roots: strong and benevolent. The best translation of Ezer is: Warrior." God created woman as a Warrior.
Richie Norton|Never mix negative thinking with negative people. Multiplying negatives, in this instance, won't make a positive.
Keira D. Skye|I leaned down and looked at his handsome face. I wanted to kiss him in a way that would remain soft and true on his lips, all the while help him from escaping the overwhelming sense of sadnes that he felt. I pressed forward and kissed him, tasting the saltiness of fish against his lips, and the disappointment that he held so very deeply inside. I kissed him long and wide, yet limp and yielding, pulling myself away from reality to only drown in the fantasy of our love. I touched his mouth in such a loving way, that not even his incapability to reach into my soul, could tear us away from exchanging such romance. He immediately gave into the kiss, his sadness slowly giving way to the moment that we so intimately shared. It amazed me what a merman could do, even when flowing tears streamed down his face. Through the bridge of kissing, I had healed him, and he had healed me in return.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|When we are truly able to see and understand life, its reality, its value and beauty as well as its troubles, we are able to accept life dynamically and walk its path with appreciation and gratitude. This way of life is Buddhism.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you delight yourself in lord, He shall give you desires of your heart.
Oswald Chambers|If we are cut loose from the anchor of God's Word, we will not be free. We will be slaves of personal passions and popular trends.
Julie Anne Peters, Luna|Almost everyone first realized they were becoming a grown woman when some dude did something nasty to them. ...It was mostly men yelling shit from cars. Are they a patrol sent out to let girls know they've crossed into puberty? If so, it's working.
Henry Ford|You say I started out with practically nothing, but that isn't correct. We all start with all there is, it's how we use it that makes things possible.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|With every passing day, we add a page to our personal story, an illustrative script that casts our character shaped by an implacable external environment and fashioned by our supple state of inwardness.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest|Because we often think of bias as a function of overt acts of bigotry, we can sometimes remain blind to the invisible structures, systems, and behaviors that bestow and reinforce that power and privilege on a daily basis.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is loud; the soul hears it, even if the universe is deaf.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.
Robert Smith|I've been very competitive by nature from a young age, whether it was eating a bowl of pasta faster than somebody else, or always wanting to be the first one in line.
A Girl From Mars|Fear is the devil's most powerful tool because he can't always convince a good man to do wrong, but he can paralyze his will with fright, keeping a good man from doing what is right. It eventually results in the same end.
Liam Hemsworth|That's what I love about my faith and Christianity. It's the polar opposite of darn near everything I experienced in the wrestling business. I still love the business, and I'm thankful for everything that it's provided, but the idea that it deals in the truth is the furthest thing from reality.
Luke  Taylor, Shatterpoint Alpha|He took a deep breath in, still managing himself as if he were resisting temptation. He was a soldier, his father was in the service, too. Crying wasn't something Morell men did. They just didn't. He hadn't cried at Robbie Morell's funeral.So he wasn't going to now.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|In your big mind, everything has the same value...In your practice you should accept everything as it is, giving to each thing the same respect given to a Buddha. Here there is Buddhahood
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Ignorance is hardly unusual, Miss Davar. The longer I live, the more I come to realize that it is the natural state of the human mind. There are many who will strive to defend its sanctity and then expect you to be impressed with their efforts.
Anna Kavan, Ice|It is strange how intricately life hangs in the scales, and how unrelated events and single decisions alter the outcomes. Some remote land ten thousand miles from me, some land unfamiliar to me, held the key to my future.
Rob Liano|The past might hurt but don't run from it, repeat it, or punish others for it. Learn from it and be glad that you survived it.
Karina Celestine|once you stop communicating as much as you use to, your friendship would not last. people change and people make new friends.
Amit Kalantri|If miracles represent prophecy, we must have more prophets in twenty first century than the entire human history.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Count your blessings take care of the people you love.'Happy father's day to all the greatest POP,DAD,KIN in the world.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pound ought and six, result misery.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|We are changed not by being told what we need to do for God, but by hearing the news about what God has done for us.
Gary Numan|My whole thing is not just to play music for people, but to make them part of the evening.
Will James, Smoky the Cow Horse|The buffalo that in nature looks healthy and silken, in a zoo is a mangy creature with matted mane and dirty skin. Can those who see buffalo in captivity ever conceive how beautiful they can be? What a pity that most young people instead of seeing on animal in nature - which is worth a hundred in any zoo- must derive their knowledge of God's creatures from their appearances in prison. If we cannot perceive any right proportion of man's moral nature by looking at prisoners in a jail, how do we manage to think that we know all about an animal by gazing at him penned in a cage?
Graham Greene|If there is a God who uses us and makes his saints out of such material as we are, the devil too may have his ambitions: he may dream of training even such a person as myself, even poor Parkis, into being his saints, ready with borrowed fanaticism to destroy love wherever we find it.
Jodie Foster|Developments in information technology and globalised media mean that the most powerful military in the history of the world can lose a war, not on the battlefield of dust and blood, but on the battlefield of world opinion.
Tim Burton|Despite their macabre imaginations, they don't believe the things they say, all those things about magic and fantômes. But I do. I know he lingers. I've heard his voice, soft as a lover's whisper.
Dominique Browning, Slow Love: How I Lost My Job, Put on My Pajamas, and Found Happiness|The broken spine of the book shows the webbing of binder's string, and my fingers have worn white spots in the cover.
Ray Bradbury, The Toynbee Convector|No," said a voice, "the only thing wrong on a night like that is that there is a world and you must come back to it.
B.R. Ambedkar|In the Hindu religion, one can[not] have freedom of speech. A Hindu must surrender his freedom of speech. He must act according to the Vedas. If the Vedas do not support the actions, instructions must be sought from the Smritis, and if the Smritis fail to provide any such instructions, he must follow in the footsteps of the great men. He is not supposed to reason. Hence, so long as you are in the Hindu religion, you cannot expect to have freedom of thought
Pope Benedict XVI|It is theologically and anthropologically important for woman to be at the center of Christianity. Through Mary, and the other holy women, the feminine element stands at the heart of the Christian religion.
Aurin Squire|When female stories are muted, we are teaching our kids that their dignity is second class and the historical accounts of their lives [are] less relevant. This lowered value carries over when women face sexual objectification and systemic brutalization from inside and outside the community.
Saki|Oh incomprehensible pederasts, I shall not heap insults upon your great degradation; I shall not be the one to pour scorn on your infundibuliform anus. It is enough that the shameful and almost incurable maladies which besiege you should bring with them their unfailing punishments.
Gary Oldman|To attract men, I wear a perfume called 'New Car Interior.'
Ann Voskamp|Everyone in the world should have a trench coat, and there should be a trench coat for everyone in the world. It does not matter your age; it doesn't matter your gender.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|I have my own theory: ignorance is bliss. The less you know, the more confident you can be in tackling things.
Vilayanur S. Ramachandran|Nobody climbs mountains for scientific reasons. Science is used to raise money for the expeditions, but you really climb for the hell of it.
Brenda Perlin, Shattered Reality|At times, it felt so odd being with a man in such an intimate way who was not my husband.
Alan Goodwin, Gravitys Chain|If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though you shall know your ‘had I know’ in the end.
Lauren Oliver, Panic|In Will's experience, when someone who ought to be afraid wasn't, the reason was rarely bravery. Usually it meant that they knew something you didn't.
Charles Udall|What if you can't, Austin? You can't help everyone.""At least I'll know I tried.
Stella Payton|Okay", I breathed. "Then what will it take?" I was completely out of my element. Begging a girl to go on a date with me. This was fucked up.""Miss it."I stared into her cold, blue eyes and knew I'd just met the kind of girl books are written about.
Hillary Clinton|Whenever a youth is ascertained to possess talents meriting an education which his parents cannot afford, he should be carried forward at the public expense.
Frederick Weisel, Teller|As the chapters took shape, a change came over her. It was the double-sided recognition that this book, the last that she would write, might achieve esteem and success equal to her great novel, but that its emotional heart would lie in her own unhappiness for having failed to find the one thing she wanted. For the first time she was a character in her own writing, and her frailties and mistakes were trapped on the page by the beauty and unsparing focus of her prose. Towards the end it was a battle to finish a page. The story was the story she had told herself for decades, deep within her own mind, and now as it grew, line by line, on the paper before her, she wrestled with each turn in the path all over again, as if it were still possible to change its course with the power of her words.
Jonathan Sacks|Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|Jude was good. But he let his fear and jealousy get to him." Daniel shrugged. "'Fear leads toanger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to the dark side.
Christina Engela, Innocent Minds|I believe in (the American) people. I believe that people are more good than bad. I believe tragic things happen. I think there's evil in the world. But I think that at the end of the day, if we work hard, and if we're true to those things in us that feel true and feel right, that, the world gets a little better each time. That's what this presidency is trying to be about. And I see that in the young people i work with. This is not just drama-obama. This is what I really believe.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|David talked often about how discouraged or fearful he would become at times. Then he would interject these words, "But then I entered the sanctuary..." Being in God's presence affects all other relationships for the better. To have first seen her husband in prayer surely remained a cherish moment for Rebekah.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|In those glorious moments when someone sees, really sees, your art and bothers to tell you so, relish it!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Music has the ability to express in the upbeat every brilliant aspect of existence, while on the downbeat convey the anguish that a human being experiences when apprehending the fleeting nature of time, and the mysterious torture of living and dying. Music stands alone in its ability to communicate the symbols and phases of life, both being and nonbeing.
Julian Lennon|I have a pretty positive view of environmental activism, but I didn't know much about the ELF. A lot of people make documentaries because they have something they want to say, but I make them because there's something I want to explore.
Dada Bhagwan|One will become shameless if he does not fear insults in the worldly life. And in nischay [determination in the spiritual life] if one does not fear being insulted, he becomes independent.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|Even God forgives stupidity. So many married people, heaven would be a ghost town otherwise.
Nikki Rowe|I became a mother before becoming sick, but i never expected sickness to take away my independent mothering, so i plant trees to sooth my soul from the aching pains of losing the maternal ability to mother another child. My first born will be my only treasure, the one who knew who i was before the mess entered our lives and also the one who adapted with me to a reality we weren't certain of oh and lots of plants and plants and plants.
Gerry Schwartz|I have learned that nothing is certain except for the need to have strong risk management, a lot of cash, the willingness to invest even when the future is unclear, and great people.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|It has always been dangerous to institutionalize hope, and we no longer live in a society in which we will be allowed to institutionalize memory.
Trey Parker|It is my sincere hope that every person in India will experience true freedom of faith, regardless of religion.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|HELP!”I race to the square, crossing it, looking all around, listening out-..It’s empty.Viola’s breathing heavy in my arms .And Haven is empty.I reach the middle of the square.I don’t see nor hear a soul.I spin around again.“HELP!” I cry.But there’s no one.Haven’s completely empty.There ain’t hope here after all.
Yvonne J. Medley|I mean, he was something that happened to me, you know? But before he was this minor figure in the drama of my life he was - you know, the central figure in the drama of his own life.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|The difference is slight, to the influence of an author, whether he is read by five hundred readers, or by five hundred thousand; if he can select the five hundred, he reaches the five hundred thousand.
Mara Schiavocampo, Thinspired: How I Lost 90 Pounds -- My Plan for Lasting Weight Loss and Self-Acceptance|If rhetoric study was the military, grammar teachers would be the drill sergeants.
Dada Bhagwan|If one maintains the intent of, ‘no one should have the slightest difficulty on my account’, then his work will be considered to be done.
Dinesh D'Souza|The two ethnic groups that remain fundamentally different from the Han Chinese - in terms of history, culture, language, religion and physical appearance - are the Uighurs and Tibetans. In these two groups, the Han Chinese come face to face with difference.
Piper Vaughn Xara X Xanakas|Mr. Babcock pats my shoulder. He smiles, and the caterpillar mustache — the envy of state troopers everywhere, I'm sure — straightens out again. I hear that on the weekends, he's a part-time security guard with mirrored sunglasses and a gun. He probably poses in front of his bathroom mirror to see how he looks saying "Freeze!
Mark Barrowcliffe, The Elfish Gene: Dungeons, Dragons And Growing Up Strange|Like Molière’s M. Jourdain, who spoke prose all his life without knowing it, mathematicians have been reasoning for at least two millennia without being aware of all the principles underlying what they were doing. The real nature of the tools of their craft has become evident only within recent times A renaissance of logical studies in modern times begins with the publication in 1847 of George Boole’s 'The Mathematical Analysis of Logic'.
Barack Obama|It is blasphemy to call tyrants and oppressors, God’s ministers. They are more properly the messengers of Satan to buffet us. No rulers are properly God’s ministers, but such as are just, ruling in the fear of God
Kingsley Amis, The King's English: A Guide to Modern Usage|education is one thing and instruction, however worthy, necessary and incidentally or monetarily educative, another.
Nevil Shute|I didn't wait to see her ship go off, because partings are stupid things and best got over quickly
Pliny the Elder|At the end of the day, I think you're on high moral ground when you respect Montana and you respect the Constitution and you do your duty as a Senator. We need to put Americans' and Montanans' interests in the front seat and politics in the back.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|Via the conduit of a wild dog pack, she has now made the ultimate Gift to her fellow Creatures, and has become part of God's great dance of proteins.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|As with . . . even the written word, the remote overview is one more wrenched perspective that developing civilization has glued, collagelike, to the once unified experience of life.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|It was as if - this something I thought of only later, of course - she was gently peeling back one layer after another that covered a person's heart, a very sensual feeling.
Garry Rogers|We cannot seem to help ourselves they said. Thus, the hominid spark of intelligence flares, burns everything around it, and fades. Some humans will survive the great conflagration. Thus, begins an endless cycle of destruction spiraling downward until our species is gone. We can hope that before the sun begins to become unstable (it is about half way there now) evolution can produce a new and better intelligence that will have sufficient breadth and depth to understand the ecological consequences of its actions.
Kabelo Mabona|For always remember that while it is wrong to use too few, it is often far worse to use too many." - Which Macabre
Virginia Alison|Farragut's first visitor was his wife. He was raking leaves in yard Y when the PA said that 734-508-32 had a visitor. He jogged up the road past the firehouse and into the tunnel. It was four flights up to cellblock F. "Visitor," he said to Walton, who let him into his cell. He kept his white shirt prepared for visits. It was dusty. He washed his face and combed his hair with water. "Don't take nuttin but a handkerchief," said the guard. "I know, I know, I know...." Down he went to the door of the visitor's room, where he was frisked. Through the glass he saw that his visitor was Marcia.There were no bars in the visitor's room, but the glass windows were chicken-wired and open only at the top. A skinny cat couldn't get in or out, but the sounds of the prison moved in freely on the breeze. She would, he knew, have passed three sets of bars - clang, clang, clang - and waited in an anteroom where there were pews or benches, soft-drink engines and a display of the convict's art with prices stuck in the frames. None of the cons could paint, but you could always count on some wet-brain to buy a vase of roses or a marine sunset if he had been told that the artist was a lifer. There were no pictures on the walls of the visitor's room but there were four signs that said: NO SMOKING, NO WRITING, NO EXCHANGE OF OBJECTS, VISITORS ARE ALLOWED ONE KISS.
Aimée Dostoyevsky, The Emigrant|No one can sing well, play well, or write well, without living through moments of the deepest pain and anguish. Every real talent has known times of torturing depression when the heart in its agony has cried out to God: “Why hast Thou forsaken me? What have I done that I should suffer so?" And then, at the very darkest moment, suddenly, the veil is torn from their eyes! Truth, with her flaming torch, stands before them, and they understand that God sends them suffering to strengthen and ennoble their talent, that it may touch men's hearts and show to tired wanderers on earth glimpses of heaven.
Aldous Huxley, Point Counter Point|The rich never have a chance of being neighborly to their equals. The best they can do is feel mawkish about the sufferings of their inferiors, which they can never begin to understand, and to be patronizingly kind.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a magical journey, so travel endlessly to unfold its profound and heart touching beauty.
Mark Twain|I did not take off our clothes, and did not enter you, and did not touch you. However, we practice love.
Neal Stephenson, Reamde|I suddenly felt the way Cinderella might have felt if she hadn’t had that convenient midnight curfew: my feet were hurting, my hair was slipping free from its pins, and my makeup was getting all smudged from sweat. I was unbelievably tired, undeniably depressed, and I just wanted charming.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|I suppose one oughtn’t to marry anybody, unless one’s prepared to make him a full-time job.”“Probably not; though there are a few rare people, I believe, who don’t look on themselves as jobs but as fellow creatures.
Kishore Bansal|Blossom time, drunk together, banishing spring sorrow;drunk, we broke off flowering limbs, counters for our rounds of wine.Suddenly I remembered my old friend, gone to the edge of the sky:by my reckoning, today he must have reached Liang-chou.
Tim S Grover|Remember, you don’t compete with anyone, you make them compete with you. You can control what you put on yourself; you can’t control what the other guy puts on you. So you focus only on the internal pressure that drives you. Run to it, embrace it, feel it, so no one else can throw more at you than you’ve already put on yourself.
Julian Barnes, Nothing to Be Frightened Of|Life versus Death becomes, as Montaigne pointed out, Old Age versus Death. 
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|A brilliant idea is like a baby in a mothers womb.You need to bring it out in the world, nurture it, feed it, grow it, till it becomes big enough to take care of itself.If you leave it at the stage of an idea itself, it is as good as non existent.
Don Knotts|It's a sad moment, really, when parents first become a bit frightened of their children.
|One of the inevitable in life is, if you consistently push yourself hard enough with a very strategic plan, the outcomes of your life would never be like they were in the past.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|The key of life symbolizes the map of existence. Once you free yourself from all resistance, your path will become white for the remainder of the distance.
Ivan Turgenev, First Love|As a matter of habit, I stop and pick up seashells that interest me, and I always put the ones I really like in a lovely Baccarat bowl in my living room. It's my way of remembering that I once was young and carefree.
Robert Carlyle|We should bring in an environmental attitude, and I think luxury should automatically be about sustainability and quality.
Nikki Rowe|So many went on a quest to tame her, The only man to win her heart was the one Who was also free.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|A leader is bestWhen people barely know he existsOf a good leader, who talks little,When his work is done, his aim fulfilled,They will say, “We did this ourselves.
Stephen Neill|I am an old man, and I here declare that I never knew them to be productive of any good in the worship of God, and have reason to believe that they are productive of much evil. Music as a science I esteem and admire, but instrumental music in the house of God I abominate and abhor. This is the abuse of music, and I here register my protest against all such corruption of the worship of the author of Christianity.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|There is something in the depths of our being that hungers for wholeness and finality. Because we are made for eternal life, we are made for an act that gathers up all the powers and capacities of our being and offers them simultaneously and forever to God. The blind spiritual instinct that tells us obscurely that our owns lives have a particular importance and purpose, and which urges us to find out our vocation, seeks in so doing to bring us to a decision that will dedicate our lives irrevocably to their true purpose. The man who loses this sense of his own personal destiny, and who renounces all hope of having any kind of vocation in life has either lost all hope of happiness or else has entered upon some mysterious vocation that God alone can understand.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|A while back, when Dick & Barry & I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you *are* like, Barry proposed the idea of a questionnaire for potential partners, a 2 or 3 page multiple-choice document that covered all the music/film/TV/book bases. It was intended: a) to dispense with awkward conversation, and b) to prevent a chap from leaping into bed with someone who might, at a later date, turn out to have every Julio Iglesias record ever made. It amused us at the time... But there was an important & essential truth contained in the idea, and the truth was that these things matter, and it's no good pretending that any relationship has a future if your record collections disagree violently, or if your favorite films wouldn't even speak to each other if they met at a party.
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|To use a man for what he is naturally best fitted is to keep him, if one can, from apostasy and dissatisfaction. At the same time, life's temptations come most often from that for which one has the greatest aptitude.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|In 1954, Pope Pius XI, of all people, sent some Vatican delegates on a trip to Libya with these written instructions: "Do NOT think that you are going among Infidels. Muslims attain salvation, too. The ways of Providence are infinite.
Herbert Read, To Hell with Culture|You cannot impose a culture from the top--it must come from under. It grows out of the soil, out of the people, out of their daily life and work. It is a spontaneous expression of their joy of life, of their joy in work, and if this does not exist, the culture will not exist. Joy is a spiritual quality, an impalpable quality: that too cannot be forced. It must be an inevitable state of mind, born of the elementary processes of life, a by-product of natural human growth.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry Talks Back|The trouble with today's snarky pipsqueaks who break off a sentence or two, or who write a couple of mean paragraphs, is that they don't go far enough; they don't have a coherent view of life. Spinning around in the media from moment to moment, they don't stand for anything, push for anything; they're mere opportunists without dedication, and they don't win any victories.
Mwirigi LG|keep the relationship with your God private, special & unique... then ignore all the filters other Christians use to look at you...
Adrian Cronauer|In my opinion, the battles over birth control and Planned Parenthood are primarily neither political nor religious. This is an issue of equality for women. This is an issue of women's rights: Planned Parenthood is the most important private provider of reproductive health care for women in the United States.
Deyth Banger|To see yourself do not look in the mirror,but look to the eyes of the people
Mabel Iam|The kiss intimately relates to the most primitive kind of human contact, which can satisfy all of our needs, like: feeding, enjoying pleasure, tasting, wanting, rejecting, everything we associate with love.
Rand Paul|It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do.
Debasish Mridha|We come to this world with an abundance of hope, a deep desire to love, and a longing to belong.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...to beauty all is forgiven.
Ranata Suzuki|Perhaps I was easier to shake off for you because you’re such a together person. I was just an extra layer on the outside… like a blanket you could shrug off and feel just the same…. except maybe a little colder….But I was always a broken person that was haphazardly held together by little more than my own strength. And so you just seeped in the cracks and mingled with my insides until you became an inseparable part of me. And as painful as that is, it still kind of warms me to know I will always carry a part of you with me.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|Who's calling?""Don't insult me like that," the voice says.I stop. Was I just insulting?
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Wisely the Hebrews admit no Present tense in their language;While we are speaking the word, it is is already the Past.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Never judge someone's character based on the words of another. Instead, study the motives behind the words of the person casting the bad judgment. An honest woman can sell tangerines all day and remain a good person until she dies, but there will always be naysayers who will try to convince you otherwise. Perhaps this woman did not give them something for free, or at a discount. Perhaps too, that she refused to stand with them when they were wrong — or just stood up for something she felt was right. And also, it could be that some bitter women are envious of her, or that she rejected the advances of some very proud men. Always trust your heart. If the Creator stood before a million men with the light of a million lamps, only a few would truly see him because truth is already alive in their hearts. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them. He who does not have Truth in his heart, will always be blind to her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The architect of popular culture is none other than Satan. He is the chief designer and chief marketer, and he has been branding worldliness since the beginning of time. His methods are shifty and constantly in motion, changing fads and trends to keep the world running in circles, trying to keep up with the latest and greatest.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|The flowers were beaten down, their bent-over heads bejeweled with diamond droplets like earring on sad, rich widows
Marilynne Robinson|If I had had this experience earlier in life, I would have been much wiser, much more compassionate. I really didn't understand what it was that made people who came to me so indifferent to good judgement, to common sense, or why they would say "I know, I know" when I urged a little reasonableness on them, and why it meant "It doesn't matter, I just don't care." That's what the saints and the martyrs say. And I know now that it is passion that moves them to their prodigal renunciations. I might seem to be comparing something great and holy with a minor and ordinary thing, that is, love of God with mortal love. But I just don't see them as separate things at all. If we can be divinely fed with a morsel and divinely blessed with a touch, then the terrible pleasure we find in a particular face can certainly instruct us in the nature of the very grandest love. I devoutly believe this to be true. I remember in those days loving God for the existence of love and being grateful to God for the existence of gratitude, right down in the depths of my misery. I realized many things that I am at a loss to express. And of course those feelings become milder with time, which is a mercy.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|I love you." Why it worked right then, why the webbing of my godmother's spell frayed as though the words had been an open flame, I don't know. I haven't found any explanation for it. There aren't any magical words, really. The words just hold the magic. They give it a shape and a form, they make it useful, describe the images within. I'll say this, though: Some words have a power that has nothing to do with supernatural forces. They resound in the heart and mind, they live long after the sounds of them have died away, they echo in the heart and the soul. They have power, and that power is very real. Those three words are good ones.
Thomas Hardy|Had there been no sun, life would have found some other means of illuminating the world. It is odd that we give the sun so much importance.
Arthur Schopenhauer|It is true, no doubt, that this principle of the necessary unity of apperception is itself an identical and therefore an analytic proposition; but it shows, nevertheless, the necessity of a synthesis of the manifold given in an intuition, a synthesis without which it would be impossible to think the thoroughgoing identity of self-consciousness. For through the *I*, as a simple representation, nothing manifold is given; only in intuition, which is distinct from this representation, can a manifold be given, and then, through *combination*, be thought in one consciousness. An understanding in which through self-consciousness all the manifold would be given at the same time would be one that *intuits*; our understanding can do nothing but *think*, and must seek intuition in the senses. I am conscious, therefore, of the identical self with respect to the manifold of the representations that are given to me in an intuition, because I call them one and all *my* representations, as constituting *one* intuition. This means that I am conscious *a priori* of a necessary synthesis of them, which is called the original synthetic unity of apperception, and under which all representations given to me must stand, but under which they must also be brought by means of a synthesis.”—from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 128-129
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|the Times says there's a heroin epidemic, Malone thinks, which is only an epidemic of course because now white people are dying. Whites started to get opium-based pills from their physicians: oxycodone, vicodin... But, it was expensive and doctors were reluctant to prescribe too much for exactly the fear of addiction. So the white folks went to the open market and the pills became a street drug. It was all very nice and civilized until the Sinoloa cartel down in Mexico made a corporate decision that it could undersell the big American pharmaceutical companies by raising production of its heroin thereby reducing price. As an incentive, they also increased its potency. The addicted white Americans found that Mexican ... heroin was cheaper and stronger than the pills, and started shooting it into their veins and overdosing. Malone literally saw it happening. He and his team busted more bridge-and-tunnel junkies, suburban housewives and upper Eastside madonnas than they could count....
Teju Cole, Open City|Emotions are reserved for juries and, in that case, a good lawyer can really lay them on when the time is right, better than the best Academy Award winning actor
Uray Indira|In reality, I'm happy without you and I'm less free with your presence.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|Anything and everything, the two almost the same--everything says, have it all; anything, one to claim.
P. J. O'Rourke|When I'm in the car, I want the only one shouting to be me.
Omari Hardwick|That point of life when I learned I could cook, that always made me understand what cooks felt like feeding other people. It's okay to receive, but it's really cool to give, so food is to me sexy because it's the fact that someone is giving it to someone else.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|It was generally believed, said Theophilus, that Orpheus learned his music from the birds. His small voice, piping after theirs, filled with all the secret stories of the earth.
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|Huh, another queen,” Puck mused, an evil grin crossing his face. “Maybe we should drop in and introduce ourselves, ice-boy. Do the whole, hey, we were just in the neighborhood, and we were just wondering if you had any plans to take over the Nevernever. Have a fruit basket.
Ana Plascencia|So often they made her think of the phrase “Blood is thicker than water,” because at times blood was the only bond they shared and she had to remind herself they were family, because at times it was unbelievable they were even related. She loved them, but she hadn’t chosen them.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|If I hear the phrase "selfie" one more time, I'll have to enroll myself in anger management classes.
Oscar Wilde|The more obscure our tastes, the greater the proof of our genius.
|A lot of people forget that it is not only about how much money that you make, but mainly about how much you get to save from it.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Silence can symbolize many things; fear, anger, sadness, or shame. But one thing that silence cannot symbolize is happiness because silence is dark, silence is quiet, silence is everything happiness should not acquire.
Stan Sudan, Sisters of Light|Turn and face the Light, and all you see is Brightness. Turn and face Shadow, and all of Life will appear before you.
Shakuita Johnson|Adin looked up at Donte, who was then in the middle of taking a sip of his wine. He took in Donte’s demonically beautiful face, long and angular, with its hooded eyes and high cheekbones, its wine-darkened lips. He watched as Donte savored it, imagining the warmth of the wine on the inside of Donte’s mouth and against his tongue. He could almost feel it as it slid down the column of Donte’s throat, teasing his Adam’s apple into a subtle bob, and suddenly Adin was the wine, slipping down that throat, and just as inexplicably, Adin felt Donte’s mouth on him everywhere at once, biting…licking…sucking. Adin’s breath sped up; his skin warmed with the beginnings of a flush brought on by arousal.
Robert Graves|I deeply believe that marriage is by nature between a man and a woman, but that conviction does not prevent me from recognising that other forms of affective relationships exist.
Rashmi Bansal, Stay Hungry Stay Foolish|Logic and reason are the naphthalene balls we use to pack them away into a sandook called 'Someday'. But when that day comes we are too old, too poor, too tired or too lazy.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|When I was a child, I first thought that these shades might be malevolent spirits who fostered evil in those people around whom they swarmed. I've since discovered that many human beings need no supernatural mentoring to commit acts of savagery; some people are devils in their own right, their telltale horns having grown inward to facilitate their disguise.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|Another said , "I don't ask six months, I don't ask two. In less than two weeks we'll meet the government face to face. With twenty-five thousand men we can make our stand.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|The apothecary’s name was Owlglass. He hummed to himself as he worked in his back room. He’d found a new type of blue fluff, which he was grinding down. It was probably good for curing something. He’d have to try it out on people until he found out what.
D.M. Raver, The Story Tellers' Anthology|(From Danielle Raver's short story THE ENCHANTRESS)Thick chains attached to the wall hold a metal collar and belt, restraining most of the tiger's movements. Open, bloody slashes cover his face and back, but he shows no loss of strength as he pulls on the chains and tries to rip the flesh of the surrounding humans with his deadly claws. Out of his reach, I kneel down before him, and his lightning-blue eyes cross my space for a moment. “Get her out of there!” I hear from behind me.“Numnerai,” I speak urgently to the tiger. “They will kill you!” He growls and gnashes his teeth, but I sense he is responding to me. “Great white tiger, your duty is to protect the prince. But how can you do that if they sink the end of a spear into your heart?” He looks at me for a longer moment. The fighters respond to this by growing still. In their desperation, they are overlooking my foolishness for a chance to save their fellows' lives. I crouch on my feet and begin to nudge closer to him. The tiger growls a warning, but does not slash out at me. “Think of the prince, protector of the palace. Right now he prays for you to live.
Anonymous Holy Bible Job 5 7|Shalt thou give law to God, shalt thou disputeWith Him the points of liberty who madeThee what thou art and formed the pow'rs of Heav'nSuch as He pleased and circumscribed their being?
Lucy Whitlock|And honey no matter how bad it hurts, never forget that something about you made him once fall in love. Don't lose that.
Ron Wyden|Urban residents, most of them middle class, have a much better sense of their environmental rights, and they're willing to take to the streets.
Hannah Keeley, Crazy Mama: 9 Steps to a Not-So-Normal Life|John Wesley’s own grave holds the bones of many other people, including at least five ministers. One can only imagine the bickering.
Robert Aickman|After all, that was a main purpose of science: to make things of all kinds happen sooner than they otherwise would.
Dennis Vickers|Words are harsh mistresses, to be sure. Like petulant divas, they want only those parts that play to their talents and mask their blemishes, and only when complete companies of players who love their parts are assembled will they sing in harmony. I am your director for this stage production and will employ my best wiles to create a performance both truthful, and beautiful. I know that words are tricksters who show one face to you and another to me, so I am never certain you’ll hear in your head what I hear in my head. Since I deliver even this little truth with words, I acknowledge the irony.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|This path was not that of my conscious choosing. But after persistent subconscious confrontation, I have finally embraced what is, 'souly' for me...and I am thankful, when called upon, to be able to share and give to those who seek their own way of the path.
Edgar Allan Poe|Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence.
Katie Reus, Love Thy Enemy|Tell me what you want," he demanded. "Say the words." Because he needed to hear them. Some primal part of him wanted her to spell it out.	Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes heavy-lidded. "Kiss me."	"Where?
Amy Bloom|You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.
Shahid Kapoor|Organic buildings are the strength and lightness of the spiders' spinning, buildings qualified by light, bred by native character to environment, married to the ground.
Najwa Zebian|These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
Carol Burnett|Music is the only passion I shamelessly indulge in. However, for recreation I enjoy watching movies. 'Wizard of Oz' was the first film I ever saw, followed by the 'Bond' movies. I also watch a lot of World cinema through DVDs mostly brought by one of my best friends who's now based in Toronto.
Athol Fugard, Master Harold...and the boys|She who saves a single soul, saves the universe.
Donna Lynn Hope|It wasn't even a fight, really. We didn't shout. We barely even argued, but a snake of tension quietly slithered into our lives.
Bill Bryson|It was Dr. Donald Grey Barnhouse who said that simply because a person is a member of a specific denomination, there is no reason to suppose that the entire denomination is represented by that person’s theology,
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|You know how some people develop addictions to manage their overwhelming emotions? Some people become alcoholics, coke fiends, potheads, pill-poppers, over-eaters, sex addicts or meth-heads. Well, Ann seemed to have a similar addiction to anger, he concluded. Feeling angry served the dual purpose of keeping others at a safe distance while drowning out all other competing and overwhelming emotions.
Dudley Davidson-Jarrett, Undue Rewards|Hey, mister, I don’t think so. You go outside and yell at sky, you so angry.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Love, it is timeless. It can transcend the very limits of time and space, as long as it stays forever true in our hearts.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|The world gives us PLENTY of opportunities to strengthen our patience. While this truth can definitely be challenging, this is a good thing. Patience is a key that unlocks the door to a more fulfilling life. It is through a cultivation of patience that we become better parents, powerful teachers, great businessmen, good friends, and a live a happier life.
Soojung Jo, Ghost of Sangju|My grandmother’s parents had thought she was too good for my grandfather. They were Irish, shipworkers who had gotten the hell out of Locust Point and moved uptown, to Charles Village, where the houses were much bigger. They looked down on my grandfather just because he was where they once were. It killed them, the idea that their precious youngest daughter might move back to the neighborhood and live with an Italian, to boot. Everybody’s got to look down on somebody. If there’s not somebody below you, how do you know you’ve traveled any distance at all in your life? For my dad’s generation, it was all about the blacks. I’m not saying it was right, just that it was, and it hung on because it was such a stark, visible difference. And now the rules have changed again, and it’s the young people with money and ambition who are buying the houses in Locust Point, and the people in places like Linthicum and Catonsville and Arbutus are the ones to be pitied and condescended to. It’s hard to keep up.("Easy As A-B-C")
Burkhard Bilger|Something I owe to the soil that grew--More to the life that fed--But most to Allah who gave me two Separate sides of my head. I would go without shirt or shoes, Friends, tobacco, or bread Sooner than for an instant lose Either side of my head.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|At the school of wisdom, mistake is not just a lesson but, a laboratory
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Speed is not always a constituent to great work, the process of creation should be given time and thought.
Bertrand Russell|It is no small misfortune and disgrace that, through our own fault, we neither understand our nature nor our origin.
Dada Bhagwan|The actions carried out with ignorance of the Self [agnan bhaav, ignorance intent] is all bondage. Every action done with the awareness of I am pure Soul [gnan bhaav, knowledge intent], will grant liberation.
Ashley Kennett, Dreaming is for lovers|Was... That a "you've been a clever boy" kiss? Or... Uh...
Alan Bradley, As Chimney Sweepers Come to Dust|And what after all, is death?? 'Tis but a cessation from mortal life; 'tis but the finishing of an appointed course; the refreshing inn after a fatiguing journey; the end of a life of cares and troubles; and, if happy, the beginning of a life of immortal happiness.
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|Everything that flowers, dies too, but in its dying provides seed of a new beginning. - The Monk (Pg-50)
Hope Solo|Dance is a universal language, and whether you know how to dance or grew up training in dance, you have a respect for people who love to dance, and it's also visually very entertaining to watch a great dancer.
Casey Wilson|I've had some pretty good arguments with people, but I've never regretted it. I've had people come up where it's all emotion and no fact. That's always sad.
Tanya Kaley, Lady Highwayman|...I like to see things through the lens of Greek tragedy, which teaches us, among other things, that real tragedy is never a straightforward confrontation between Good and Evil, but is rather much more exquisitely and much more agonizingly, a conflict between two irreconcilable views of the world.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|you saywe were nevermeant for this vowed life,golden bands of only us, and deathdo us part. you say love like it's held in quotation marks,that this union soured before it started.
Elise Icten, Romy the White Dove: Somewhere to Belong|For her part, Amy Kev's Waffles with a passionate ferocity that she felt a little bit guilty about not being able to feel, most of the time, for humans. It probably helped that he was constantly doing cute shit and couldn't speak.
Lev Vygotsky|One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.
Ben Carson|Religion is interesting because it brings out the best and the worst in humanity. It can be a source of good deeds, whether it's people from different spiritual backgrounds coming together to help other people in need after a crisis. But it's also a cause for war and bloodshed.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your heart, don't fear changes. Heart changes its content every second with love.
Rolf Harris|Like everyone else in this world, I have had struggles. There's disappointment and obstacles in everybody's life. I feel like I was writing 'Second Chance' not just for myself, but also for the people who have struggled.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a pre-scientific society the best the common man can do is pin his faith on a leader and give him his support, trusting in his benevolence against the misuse of the delegated power and in his wisdom to govern justly and make war successfully.
Jack Chaucer, Nikki White: Polar Extremes|So, Azalee—” When he turned to her, she stared daggers back—almost as though she had read his mind. Can Chertzes do that? he wondered in a wild moment of panic.“What?” bit Azalee when he didn’t continue.Mighty Zeus, could he go five minutes without offending a woman?
Emerson Eggerichs|Character is the real you-“the you in you that makes you the you, you are”. “the hidden man of the heart” (1Peter 3:4).
Mark Wahlberg|The only jobs kids have are to do well in school, to be charming and polite, and be thankful. That's it. I'll house you, protect you, I'll even give my life for you, and in return, you will behave.
John Yarmuth|Yet, upon the whole, the space I traversed is unlikely to become the haunt of civilized man, or will only become so in isolated spots, as a chain of connection to a more fertile country; if such a country exist to the westward.
Kamand Kojouri|And there's you. You're just beautiful. Effortlessly beautiful, like nature. You have the trinity of beauty: a beautiful heart, a beautiful mind, and a beautiful soul.
Tom Shadyac|Sometimes when I get home after a long day, I'll turn on music - I love Latin, disco, and pop - and do my own workout, even if it's a short one. Know a good song to work out to? 'I Will Survive.'
Wilbur Wright|I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
Eileen Elias Freeman, Angelic Healing: Working with Your Angel to Heal Your Life|So. You're a fallen angel." She folded her arms."I'm not fallen," he said roughly."Then what are you?"He shrugged. "Busted.
Vladimir Nabokov|A wise reader reads the book of genius not with his heart, not so much with his brain, but with his spine. It is there that occurs the telltale tingle...
Kristen Ashley, Knight|Wars fought over a face like this,” he murmured like he was talking to himself, my heart stopped beating and his thumbs moved lightly across my cheeks. “A man would work himself into the ground for it, go down to his knees to beg to keep it, endure torture to protect it, take a bullet for it,” his eyes came to mine, “poison his brother to possess a face like this.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is only normal that people count losses with their minds, and ignore to count blessings with the graciousness of their hearts.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|The first conversation began awkwardly, although Espinoza had been expecting Pelletier's call, as if both men found it difficult to say what sooner or later the would have to say. The first twenty minutes were tragic in tone, with the word fate used ten times and the word friendship twenty-four times. Liz Norton's name was spoken fifty times, nine of them in vain. The word Paris was said seven times, Madrid, eight. The word love was spoken twice, once by each man. The word horror was spoken six times and the word happiness once (by Espinoza). The word solution was said twelve times. The word solipsism seven times. The world euphemism ten times. The word category, in the singular and the plural, nine times. The word structuralism once (Pelletier). The term American literature three times. The words dinner or eating or breakfast or sandwich nineteen times. The words eyes or hands or hair fourteen times. The the conversation proceeded more smoothly.
Anton Szandor LaVey|I believe that there is good in everyone, even an evil pirate such as you.
G.S. Jennsen, Dissonance|2 SECONDSHe was on her in an instant to brace her against the wall. She kicked and clawed at her unseen attacker, skin and irises ablaze in caustic gold. She fired anew, and the point-blank shot broke through his defenses, grazing his hip. He ignored the harsh sting to bring his Daemon up between them.1 SECOND
Seamus Heaney|In the United States, in poetry workshops, it's now quite a thing to make graduate students learn poems by heart.
Toba Beta|I am hard to disgust, but a pretentious poet can do it
H. Leighton Dickson, Dragon of Ash & Stars: The Autobiography of a Night Dragon|We didn’t have words. We didn’t have writing or maps or language, but we had music and in that music, we spoke victory and loss, sadness and rage. We sang fire and water, earth and sky. We wrote the history of the Battle of Lamos and told the story of Selisanae of the Sun and wove the tragedy of the lives and deaths of dragons in every land. It was marvellous.
Isaac Asimov, Second Foundation|How long you been in the infantry, sir? Anything under ten miles counts as 'almost there'.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|I love that there's no cutoff where we get labeled and sent off to a home for hopeless, cranky, depressives. Every day is a new chance to listen longer and be braver and love more. We get to try again and again and again.
Thomas Merton, New Seeds of Contemplation|When men live huddled together without true communication, there seems to be a greater sharing, and a more genuine communion. But this is not communion, only immersion in the general meaninglessness of countless slogans and clichés repeated over and over again so that in the end one listens without hearing and responds without thinking. The constant din of empty words and machine noises, the endless booming of loudspeakers end by making true communication and true communion almost impossible...
Robert Frost, Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening|These woods are lovely, dark and deep,But I have promises to keep,And miles to go before I sleep,And miles to go before I sleep.
John Stuart Mill|The best state for human nature is that in which, while no one is poor, no one desires to be richer, nor has any reason to fear being thrust back, by the efforts of others to push themselves forward.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Being his real brother I could feel I live in his shadows, but I never have and I do not now. I live in his glow.
Ron Fournier|So much of what I do is inspired by and for the LGBTQ community and for everyone but, just, being a theater kid and wanting to do stuff that represents us in a positive light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the strength of God, you can crush any army
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|I didn't have all the answers, but at least I had a goal. Revenge. Who cared if it would eat me up inside and leave me hollow?
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The appearance of Professor Benjamin Peirce, whose long gray hair, straggling grizzled beard and unusually bright eyes sparkling under a soft felt hat, as he walked briskly but rather ungracefully across the college yard, fitted very well with the opinion current among us that we were looking upon a real live genius, who had a touch of the prophet in his make-up.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|This has been a novel about some people who were punished entirely too much for what they did. They wanted to have a good time, but they were like children playing in the street; they could see one after another of them being killed--run over, maimed, destroyed--but they continued to play anyhow. We really all were very happy for a while, sitting around not toiling but just bullshitting and playing, but it was for such a terrible brief time, and then the punishment was beyond belief: even when we could see it, we could not believe it. For example, while I was writing this I learned that the person on whom the character Jerry Fabin is based killed himself. My friend on whom I based the character Ernie Luckman died before I began the novel. For a while I myself was one of these children playing in the street; I was, like the rest of them, trying to play instead of being grown up, and I was punished. I am on the list below, which is a list of those to whom this novel is dedicated, and what became of each. Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error in judgment. When a bunch of people begin to do it, it is a social error,a life-style. In this particular life-style the motto is "Be happy now because tomorrow you are dying," but the dying begins almost at once, and the happiness is a memory. It is, then, only a speeding up, an intensifying, of the ordinary human existence. It is not different from your life-style, it is only faster. It all takes place in days or weeks or months instead of years. "Take the cash and let the credit go," as Villon said in 1460. But that is a mistake if the cash is a penny and the credit a whole lifetime.There is no moral in this novel; it is not bourgeois; it does not say they were wrong to play when they should have toiled;it just tells what the consequences were. In Greek drama they were beginning, as a society, to discover science, which means causal law. Here in this novel there is Nemesis: not fate, because any one of us could have chosen to stop playing in the street, but, as I narrate from the deepest part of my life and heart, a dreadful Nemesis for those who kept on playing. I myself,I am not a character in this novel; I am the novel. So, though, was our entire nation at this time. This novel is about more people than I knew personally. Some we all read about in the newspapers. It was, this sitting around with our buddies and bullshitting while making tape recordings, the bad decision of the decade, the sixties, both in and out of the establishment. And nature cracked down on us. We were forced to stop by things dreadful. If there was any "sin," it was that these people wanted to keep on having a good time forever, and were punished for that, but, as I say, I feel that, if so, the punishment was far too great, and I prefer to think of it only in a Greek or morally neutral way, as mere science, as deterministic impartial cause-and-effect. I loved them all. Here is the list, to whom I dedicate my love:To Gaylene deceasedTo Ray deceasedTo Francy permanent psychosisTo Kathy permanent brain damageTo Jim deceasedTo Val massive permanent brain damageTo Nancy permanent psychosisTo Joanne permanent brain damageTo Maren deceasedTo Nick deceasedTo Terry deceasedTo Dennis deceasedTo Phil permanent pancreatic damageTo Sue permanent vascular damageTo Jerri permanent psychosis and vascular damage. . . and so forth.In Memoriam. These were comrades whom I had; there are no better. They remain in my mind, and the enemy will never be forgiven. The "enemy" was their mistake in playing. Let them all play again, in some other way, and let them be happy.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|I’m going to kill you, you know.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|If we're mad, we're mad in large numbers, at least larger than yours.
E.L. Mascall, The Mother of God: A Symposium|What does it mean to be human, to continue to live as human, to remain _faithful_ to the Divine while living in a cultural, sociogeopoltical, and religious world where power disparity between/among humans based on religious world where power disparity between/among humans based on their nationality, citizenship, gender, race, class, sexuality, ability, religion and so forth still prevails? The act of _theologizing_ for me involves responding to these questions and stimulating the practice of liberating and enlarging human possibility in our daily reality.
Denny Taylor, Rosie's Umbrella|Charlie started crying, in the convulsive, soundless way that men do. "Don't you understand," he said after composing himself, "that's a funeral dirge for the first wave." We all thought about that, the many lives lost before we even opened our eyes this morning.
Stephen Hawking|My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21. Everything since then has been a bonus.", December 12, 2004)]
Suilan Lee, Kiss Me to Spring Time|It must be wonderful to marry the person whom we really love.” Lany said dazed.Antony turned his gaze from the moon and faced the girl's face.“You have ever had that feeling.” He said looking into her dark eyes.She shrugged as she was embarrassed at the coherent thought of the boy.“I never had that feeling, because I never loved that man.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|I'll fight when needed, revel when there's an occasion, mourn when there is grief and die if my time comes...But I will not let anyone use me against my will.
Jacqueline Rayner, Doctor Who: The Stone Rose|Tiny-perhaps." Rovender kept his eyes fixed on the rings. "Insignificant-never, Eva Nine. No living thing is insignificant.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|You know after any truly initiating experience that you are part of a much bigger whole. Life is not about you henceforward, but you are about life.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs|Life is about refinement, not perfection. And you still have refining to do.
Debasish Mridha|Serving with love, a kind heart, and without expectations is happiness.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|Although the art world reveres the unconventional, it is rife with conformity. Artists make work that "looks like art" and behave in ways that enhance stereotypes. Curators pander to the expectations of their peers and their museum boards. Collectors run in herds to buy work by a handful of fashionable painters. Critics stick their finger in the air to see which way the wind is blowing so as to "get it right". Originality is not always rewarded, but some people take real risks and innovate, which gives a raison d'être to the rest.
Jetta Carleton, The Moonflower Vine|Yet none of these things gave him confidence. All they gave him was egotism, which is less the conviction of one's worth than the desire for that conviction.
Craig R. Key, Iniquitous|He had visited his family the evening before, eaten dinner with Renee and Chris, his grandson, in the pretence that everything was ordinary, but in fact to service his end-game ruse. He was going over the mountains, he'd said, to hunt for quail in willow canyons, he had no particular canyons in mind, he intended to return on Thursday evening, though possibly, if the hunting was good, he would return on Friday or Saturday. The lie was open-ended so that his family wouldn't start worrying until he'd been dead for as long as a week - so none would miss or seek him where he rotted silently in the sage. Ben imagined how it might be otherwise, his cancer a pestilent force in their lives, or a pall descending over them like ice, just as they'd begun to emerge from the pall of Rachel's death. The last thing they needed was for Ben to tell hem of his terminal colon cancer.
Laurence Sterne|The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Alex Haley, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|At the same time there was the good of the poor and the good of the rich. And the good of the whites, the blacks and the yellow races... More and more goods came into being, corresponding to each sect, race and class... People began to realise how much blood had been spilt in the name of a petty, doubtful good, in the name of the struggle of this petty good against what is belied to be evil. Sometimes the very concept of good became a scourge, a greater evil than evil itself.
Nick Hornby|And mostly all I have to say about these songs is that I love them, and want to sing along to them, and force other people to listen to them, and get cross when these other people don't like them as much as I do. 
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To evade insanity and depression, we unconsciously limit the number of people toward whom we are sincerely sympathetic.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|We make our journey in the company of others; the deer, the rabbit, the bison, and the quail walk before us, and the lion, the eagle, the wolf, the vulture, and the hyena walk behind us. All our paths lie together in the hand of god and none is wider than any other or favored above any other. The worm that creeps beneath your foot is making its journey across the hand of god as surely as you are.
Jillian Dodd, Kiss Me|The only time I get to be alone is while traveling.""Except this week," Charlie said.He turned his head and she saw herself reflected in his shades. "True. And you're not at all what I expected."Not that Connor had had any idea what to expect. But he would've preferred if she hadn't been the beautiful blonde who wore skimpy red bikini tops and starred in his dreams last night.
Anthony Rapp, Without You|He dropped the phone back onto its cradle, began to turn around and felt a sudden ice-cold furrow open up in his side. Strength drained from his legs, and a moment later he sank to his knees. There was warmth now that ran over the initial and persistent cold.Mohammed was confused, and barely noticed the briefcase being removed from his grip. He heard the click of a cell phone opening, and a soft beeping as a number was dialed.'The package is in my possession,' a female voice said, and the phone clicked shut.
Helen Fisher|The destruction of the natural beauty, the ecosystems, and the majesty of mountains affect us in ways we're not even aware of. Every time a mountain is beheaded, we chop off a little part of our souls.
Hidekaz Himaruya, Hetalia: Axis Powers, Vol. 2|Like kids who only ever get socks for Christmas, but still believe with all their hearts in Santa.
M.F. Moonzajer|I mean, by such flightiness, something that feels unsatisfied at the center of my life — that makes me shaky, fickle, inquisitive, and hungry. I could call it a longing for home and not be far wrong. Or I could call it a longing for whatever supersedes, if it cannot pass through, understanding. Other words that come to mind: faith, grace, rest. In my outward appearance and life habits I hardly change — there’s never been a day that my friends haven’t been able to say, and at a distance, “There’s Oliver, still standing around in the weeds. There she is, still scribbling in her notebook.” But, at the center: I am shaking; I am flashing like tinsel. Restless. I read about ideas. Yet I let them remain ideas. I read about the poet who threw his books away, the better to come to a spiritual completion. Yet I keep my books. I flutter; I am attentive, maybe I even rise a little, balancing; then I fall back.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the truth finally catches up to you, don't be a hero and run.
George Thorogood|We are just fans of music, we are not fans of a specific kind of music. We just happen to be a rock band. Until we explain ourselves, sometimes people don't understand why we limit ourselves to just being a rock band. It's because that is what we like doing.
Nan Robertson|Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.
David Weitzman|And I will wait for Jarod to work for me. For free, cause if it's paid, it's work and not love, unless, of course he loves to work, in which case he’ll surely love working for me, because I love people who love to do that to love to do that.
Nicholas Christopher, Veronica|We were on Barrow Street now."Who is the man with the scar?" I said.She shot me a glance, and her face hardened. "You saw him?""How could I miss? He was the real center of attention. Didn't you go to the opening at all?""No" She said. "And just because you saw him doesn't mean he was there.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|How much living have you done?From it the patterns that you weaveAre imaged:Your own life is your totem pole,Your yard of cloth,Your living.How much loving have you done?How full and free your giving?For living is but lovingAnd loving only giving.
Jesse Owens, Jesse, A Spiritual Autobiography|We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.
Marcus Samuelsson, Yes, Chef|Not long ago, having expressed some disagreements in print with an old comrade of long standing, I was sent a response that he had published in an obscure newspaper. This riposte referred to my opinions as ‘racist.’ I would obviously scorn to deny such an allegation on my own behalf. I would, rather, prefer to repudiate it on behalf of my former friend. He had known me for many years and cooperated with me on numerous projects, and I am quite confident that he would never have as a collaborator anyone he suspected of racial prejudice. But it does remind me, and not for the first time, that quarrels on the left have a tendency to become miniature treason trials, replete with all kinds of denunciation. There's a general tendency—not by any means confined to radicals but in some way specially associated with them—to believe that once the lowest motive for a dissenting position has been found, it must in some way be the real one.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The worst thing in life is having parents that always stand against you and never with you. They discourage you, instill fear in you, hold you back, push you down and never encourage you to fly forward. When I have kids, they'll already be born with propellers with added wings. Even if one tells me they want to go learn how to ride lions in Africa, if their heart is driving that desire, I'd say "DO IT".If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live. I'd rather my kid die with a wild fire in his/her heart than with a malfunctioning or drained out fuse. Always allow your kids to keep humming with dreams and ideas that fuel their passions. Never tell them something is impossible. If you have a really strong determined kid, they'll go out there killing themselves trying to do the unachievable just to prove you wrong. And if you have a weak kid, they'll give up on life and settle for bagging Cokes and potato chips at your local grocery store.
Edward Herrmann|History shows that all protest movements rely on symbols - boycotts, strikes, sit-ins, flags, songs. Symbolic action on whatever scale - from the Montgomery Bus Boycott to wearing a simple wristband - is designed to disrupt our everyday complacency and force people to think.
Tommy Chong|I had to come from something, come from a place that was negative and positive but the majority of it is a negative place.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can begin to dream, to love, to dance, to read, to sing, to study, to paint, to teach, to draw, to swim, to exercise, to write….!
M.A. Grant, Red Moon|But there was something different about Flynn, and it wasn't just the way he was looking at her. His grip tightened on her wrist--not painfully, but possessively. His other arm went up as he leaned against the shelving, effectively boxing her in with his body without making any further contact.To her horror, she felt herself go warm and liquid in places she shouldn't. "Let go of me." Evie whispered.His eyes were green. A bright mind-blowing green. And they were staring into hers intently, daring her to lean in closer, to taste those sinful lips...
Megan Carson, A Year of Blind Dates: A Single Girl's Search for "The One"|I have found contentment and joy in being exactly where God wants me to be, and that is what makes me happy.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Apologies require taking full responsibility. No half-truths, no partial admissions, no rationalizations, no finger pointing, and no justifications belong in any apology.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Be happy, be fun, let your hair down and be AGELESS!
Sylvia Plath|I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|Life will not give you what you want, it will give you what you work for.
Thomas S. Monson|When the anger is intense, the person with Asperger's syndrome may be in a 'blind rage' and unable to see the signals indicating that it would be appropriate to stop. Feelings of anger can also be in response in situations where we would expect other emotions. I have noted that sadness may be expressed as anger.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|No man is worth his salt who is not ready at all times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.
Rihanna|Whenever I think of my birthplace, Walton-on-Thames, my reference first and foremost is the river. I love the smell of the river; love its history, its gentleness. I was aware of its presence from my earliest years. Its majesty centered me, calmed me, was a solace to a certain extent.
Martha Beck|As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?
Cassandra Clare, The Lost Herondale|For the first time, he looked at her, and she wasn’t a stranger, she was Clary—his friend. His family. The girl he’d sworn always to protect. The girl he loved as fiercely as he loved himself.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|In my entire life, I never once heard either of my parents say they were stressed. That was just not a phrase I grew up being allowed to say. That, and the concept of "Me time".
Ursula K. Le Guin|I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|It is the gods who have been accused. They have answered her. If they in turn accuse her, a greater judge and a more excellent court must try the case.
Z. Vally, The Green Line Divide: Romance, Travel, and Turmoils|When faced with a problem, don't keep on discussing it. Go beyond the mental barrier to resolve it.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|He was interested in the shadow herself - how her mind worked, what motivated her, her essence, how she came to be. It was a fascinating phenomenon.
Horace Luke|Consumers are what’s going to change the world, not necessarily industries or governments,
Asuni LadyZeal|There were bad times before, and you are still here... Living, breathing, feeling the wind on your skin. Let everything go and feel it!
George Carlin|That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.
Mohsin Hamid, Exit West|Worst of all, with every victim, who is deliberately silenced to preserve the peace, we are creating a new minority. Through deliberate neglect, the left creates what they fear the most: a non-ethnic group of people that will not blink an eye, when violent crimes are committed. No one cared when it happened to them, so why should they? An eye for an eye...as they don't use them anyway.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Like the tightly closed eyelids of a child trying to escape the reprimand of a parent, there is a part of the mind that needs to shut down in the face of an internal dialogue that is steeped in guilt, shame, and self-loathing.
Aristotle, Selected Works|In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing.
Jacqueline Bisset|My habit would have been to veer towards the dark - to prove I was something; edgy, or maybe to prove that I was cognisant of the dark side. Now, with age and confidence, I can say, yeah, that's true, but I am cognisant of the fact that people can do things well. And can be more loving than you expect.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|I could fall in love with Dallas Winston," she said. "I hope I never see himagain, or I will.
Khalil Gibran|Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day.
Tony Fadell|I knew a lot about product design before coming to Apple, but I didn't understand a lot about consumer experience design, which is really Apple's forte.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The foundation stone of all philosophy is self-knowledge and being true to thy self. A person must address an inner necessity in order to realize the fundamental truth about oneself, seek self-improvement, and gain knowledge through experience.
Mahatma Gandhi|If you prick us, do we not bleed? if you tickle us, do we not laugh? if you poison us, do we not die? and if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?". - (Act III, scene I).
Mitch Albom|If you really want it, then you'll make your dream happen.
M.F. Moonzajer|I felt at one and the same time quite close, within reach of my hand, and yet an infinite distance away, an unknown world of goodness. Often Isa had said to me: 'You, who see nothing but evil.... You, who see evil everywhere....' It was true, and it was not true.
Brandon Webb|Before I was married, I didn't consider my failure to manage even basic hand tools a feminist inadequacy. I thought it had more to do with being Jewish. The Jews I knew growing up didn't do 'do-it-yourself.' When my father needed to hammer something he generally used his shoe, and the only real tool he owned was a pair of needle-nose pliers.
A.J. Gallant|In the middle of nowhere, a trunk heavy with gold is a burden, not treasure.
ANIKOR Daniel|If you are filled with your own ways and bored with life, check your relationship with God - your boredom could be a signal that you have slide away from your creator.
Sheri L. Dew|If art is any good, it has so much of a longer trajectory than one night. Contemporary art is separate from art openings. In the end, it depends on the strength of ideas in each piece.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., While Mortals Sleep: Unpublished Short Fiction|I grabbed at my chest, instinctively, and he grabbed at his. We were both trying to stop the pain, which was the result of his thoughts of ending his pursuit of me.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|If we wear our worst reviews like a backpack, they travel with us.
Norman MacCaig|Scholars, I plead with you, Where are your dictionaries of the wind, the grasses?
Mark Twain|I haven't any right to criticize books, and I don't do it except when I hate them. I often want to criticize Jane Austen, but her books madden me so that I can't conceal my frenzy from the reader; and therefore I have to stop every time I begin. Every time I read Pride and Prejudice I want to dig her up and beat her over the skull with her own shin-bone.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|The match I struck shall not run deadYou’re my first inhale, my last cigarette.
N.K. Jemisin|So here is why I write what I do: We all have futures. We all have pasts. We all have stories. And we all, every single one of us, no matter who we are and no matter what’s been taken from us or what poison we’ve internalized or how hard we’ve had to work to expel it –– we all get to dream.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Jailbird|sometimes there is too much irony all piled up in the barn, and you have to / pitchfork another steaming pile of irony on top of it all, and you have to / pitchfork another, and another, and another / when the world is shit-streaked with irony that is when beauty will emerge / love is irony / purists sure hate farce / but pushing against things is the only possible way to live
Ben Sherwood, The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud|Our universe grants every soul a twin-a reflection of themselves -the kindred spirit - And no matter where they are or how far away they are from each other- even if they are in different dimensions, they will always find one another. This is destiny; this is love.
Steven Biko|You know, I always say white is not a colour, white is an attitude, and if you haven't got trillions of dollars in the bank that you don't need, you can't be white.
Siddharta Mukherjee|This was the missing link in Darwin's Logic: reproductive incompatibility, ultimately derived from genetic incompatibility, drove the origin of novel species.
Madan Mohan Mahapatra|I will not feel, I will notfeel, untilI have to
Ryan Winfield, South of Bixby Bridge|I forgive him and like water draining from the sand after a wave, the power he held over me disappears. A slow smile rises on my face.
Anne Stuart|[The] structural theory is of extreme simplicity. It assumes that the molecule is held together by links between one atom and the next: that every kind of atom can form a definite small number of such links: that these can be single, double or triple: that the groups may take up any position possible by rotation round the line of a single but not round that of a double link: finally that with all the elements of the first short period [of the periodic table], and with many others as well, the angles between the valencies are approximately those formed by joining the centre of a regular tetrahedron to its angular points. No assumption whatever is made as to the mechanism of the linkage. Through the whole development of organic chemistry this theory has always proved capable of providing a different structure for every different compound that can be isolated. Among the hundreds of thousands of known substances, there are never more isomeric forms than the theory permits.
André Gide|I hoped at first to find a rather more direct comprehension of life in one or two novelists and poets; but if they really had such a comprehension, it must be confessed they did not show it; most of them, I thought, did not really live - contented themselves with appearing to live, and were on the verge of considering life merely as a vexatious hindrance to writing.
E.F. Benson, Monster Mix|Kylie flopped back against the seat again, enjoying the look of disbelief on the vampire’s face a littletoo much. “Would you like a name of a good doctor who will schedule your little snip-snip operation?”she bit out.
Kevin Solomons, Born to Be Worthless: The Hidden Power of Low Self-Esteem|Self-esteem is the way you regard yourself as either being worth your mother’s while to care for you, protect you and keep you safe and alive, to be present for you when you need her to meet your needs – or not.
Walter Scott|If history starts as a guest list, it has a tendency to end like the memory of a drunken party: misheard, blurred, fragmentary.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Almost nothing is as complex as the human personality, and no simple formula will ever cover every situation or every relationship.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|One of the principal functions of a friend is to suffer (in a milder and symbolic form) the punishments that we should like, but are unable, to inflict upon our enemies.
Bernard Marcus|It's impossible to change the social without changing the personal - you have to put your money where your mouth is. And if you're not making those challenges at home, it's unlikely you'll make them in a larger setting.
Michael  Greenberg, Beg, Borrow, Steal: A Writer's Life|The implication that the change in nomenclature from “Multiple Personality Disorder” to “Dissociative Identity Disorder” means the condition has been repudiated and “dropped” from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) of the American Psychiatric Association is false and misleading. Many if not most diagnostic entities have been renamed or have had their names modified as psychiatry changes in its conceptualizations and classifications of mental illnesses. When the DSM decided to go with “Dissociative Identity Disorder” it put “(formerly multiple personality disorder)” right after the new name to signify that it was the same condition. It’s right there on page 526 of DSM-IV-R. There have been four different names for this condition in the DSMs over the course of my career. I was part of the group that developed and wrote successive descriptions and diagnostic criteria for this condition for DSM-III-R, DSM–IV, and DSM-IV-TR.While some patients have been hurt by the impact of material that proves to be inaccurate, there is no evidence that scientifically demonstrates the prevalence of such events. Most material alleged to be false has been disputed by someone, but has not been proven false.Finally, however intriguing the idea of encouraging forgetting troubling material may seem, there is no evidence that it is either effective or safe as a general approach to treatment. There is considerable belief that when such material is put out of mind, it creates symptoms indirectly, from “behind the scenes.” Ironically, such efforts purport to cure some dissociative phenomena by encouraging others, such as Dissociative Amnesia.
K.  Webster, Becoming Countess Dumont|To paint a leaf, you have to sacrifice the whole landscape. It might seem like you're limiting yourself at first, but after a while you realize that having a quarter-of-an-inch of something you have a better chance of holding on to a certain feeling of the universe than if you pretended to be doing the whole sky. My mother did not choose a leaf or a head. She chose my father, and to hold on to a certain feeling, she sacrificed the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you afraid of the future? That is funny because future does not exist yet! Future is not even a shadow, because shadow exists! Let go your fear and concentrate on the present time!
Darrell Drake, A Star-Reckoner's Lot|Battle is gruesome, but it is vigorous, alive. The aftermath is the worst of it: adrenaline fades, quiet sweeps in, and there’s nothing to distract you from the mess of bodies and disturbed earth.
Richard Hayne|If you are strong enough as a couple, reality shows can be a good thing for the relationship.
Eric Johnson|My grandmother was this amazing woman in the Dominican Republic who used to read tea leaves and palms. She would cure people in her neighborhood by going into her garden, plucking a couple of leaves, and brewing teas.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|We speak of course, of that most precious of treasures,That no amount of wealth can purchase,and no amount of force can secure,That does not shine as gold or jewels,yet is brighter than the rarest of stones,Is filled not with brief feeling,fleeting gestures nor empty promises,But rather of patience and kindness;of humility, hope, and perseverance,We speak, of course, of love.
Mirage|He thought of that heroic Colonel Pontmercy . . . who had left upon every field of victory in Europe drops of that same blood which he, Marius, had in his veins, who had grown grey before his time in discipline and in command, who had lived with his sword-belt buckled, his epaulets falling on his breast, his cockade blackened by powder, his forehead wrinkled by the cap, in the barracks, in the camp, in the bivouac, in the ambulance, and who after twenty years had returned from the great wars with his cheek scarred, his face smiling, simple, tranquil, admirable, pure as a child, having done everything for France and nothing against her.
Juliette Fay, Shelter Me|Loneliness is painful. But suffering is not wrong in and of itself. It's part of the human experience, and in a way brings us closer to all people.
Steven Aitchison|If patterns exist in our seemingly patternless lives — and they do — then the law of harmony insists that the most harmonious of all patterns, circles within circles, will most often assert itself.
Georgi Y. Johnson, I Am Here: Opening the Windows of Life and Beauty|That which is capable of perceiving objective reality is, in Sufism, the human soul (ruh).
Wendy Mills, All We Have Left|I see a sign for a bathroom and rush toward it. It feels stupid to be thinking about something as ordinary as going to the bathroom right now, but people still have to pee, still have to cry, still have to be human, no matter what else is happening.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don't be afraid to fall into the sea. Close your eyes and jump, for you will fall on the back of a big fish which will carry you to your destination
Gerry Cooney|After school, my sister and I helped our mom in the garden. We grew potatoes, cucumbers, tomatoes - not for fun, but to eat.
Suzan DelBene|Climate change is the central environmental ill of our time. We have an obligation to protect our children from the dangers of this widening scourge, and we aren't yet doing enough about it.
Norm MacDonald|My love for sports will never die. I love martial arts and I want to promote it in whichever way I can. I am a fighter first, then an actor.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|It’s strange how things can change back as suddenly as they changed originally. When one thing happens and suddenly, things are back to normal.
Julie Anne Long, What I Did For a Duke|This is why questions must be asked and answered truthfully and why we must train our emotions to coincide with what is actually true. Doubt is a necessary part of faith, otherwise it is a blind faith and a deaf faith that deserves to be a mute faith. For, when Helen Keller, who was deaf, blind and had to learn to speak can come closer to the truth than persons with full sensory capacity, perhaps there is something wrong with our religious and spiritual traditions.
Steven Wright|Where there is reverence there is fear, but there is not reverence everywhere that there is fear, because fear presumably has a wider extension than reverence.
Debasish Mridha|Value of life depends not on your possessions, but on your donation.
Ben Elton, Popcorn|Artists don't create society, they reflect it
Adrian Tomine|Whooping cough is not a mild disease. Whooping cough, before the vaccination, could make you very, very sick. First of all, there was a chance you could die from it - small chance, not a big chance. You would be coughing and coughing. It wouldn't last for a few days, like a cold.
Dada Bhagwan|People on the worldly path, to them ‘we’ say, ‘Practice complete honesty. If you cannot do that, then practice honesty within principle of limits. If you cannot do that and if you practice dishonesty, do it within limits. This principle is indeed what will take you further ahead.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|It is interesting that we call something good a “dream,” but being called a “dreamer” is somewhat of a putdown.Without dreamers, no dream would ever be given reality, and we would live in a very small and shallow world.If you are a secret dreamer, it’s your time to announce yourself.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|When my friends began to have babies and I came to comprehend the heroic labor it takes to keep one alive, the constant exhausting tending of a being who can do nothing and demands everything, I realized that my mother had done all of these things for me before I remembered. I was fed; I was washed; I was clothed; I was taught to speak and given a thousand other things, over and over again, hourly, daily, for years. She gave me everything before she gave me nothing.
Corey Taylor|There are so many people who try so hard and have such big dreams, and it doesn't happen for them.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
W.H. Auden|Truth, like love and sleep, resents approaches that are too intense.
Peter Clines, The Fold|Taking a shower often solved problems for her. She would find herself with thoughts that seemed to come from outside her, thoughts that would question decisions or offer suggestions or just consider life hazily in a way that made it seem like the thoughts could not possibly be her own.
r. Avul Pakir Jainulabdeen Abdul Kalam|The average gym junkie today is all about appearance, not ability. Flash, not function. These men may have big, artificially pumped up limbs, but all that the size is in the muscle tissue; theirtendons and joints are weak . Ask the average muscleman to do a deep one-leg squat-ass-to-floor-style-and his knee ligaments would probably snap in two. What strength most bodybuilders do have, they cannot use in a coordinated way; if you asked them to walk on their hands they'd fall flat on their faces.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|That was the funniest thing I'd heard in days.You're kidding, right? PLEASE tell me you have a stronger motive for me than 'fair is fair.' Life isn't FAIR, Dean....Nothing is fair, EVER. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. I need to help you because FAIR IS FAIR? Try, 'I need you to help me so I won't rip out your spine and beat you with it.' I MIGHT respond to that. MAYBE.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light|A great ring of pure & endless lightDazzles the darkness in my heartAnd breaks apart the dusky clouds of night.The end of all is hinted in the start.When we are born we bear the seeds of blight;Around us life & death are torn apart,Yet a great ring of pure and endless lightDazzles the darkness in my heart.It lights the world to my delight.Infinity is present in each part.A loving smile contains all art.The motes of starlight spark & dart.A grain of sand holds power & might.Infinity is present in each part,And a great ring of pure and endless lightDazzles the darkness in my heart.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|When you are in the highest vibrational state you will not feel the need to; over eat, over spend money, insist on having a certain relationship, or even become a millionaire because you have shifted into the abundance that you are and from this place you dont feel any lack at all.
Justin Trudeau|The average American worker gets something like 14 days of paid vacation. In my school, you'd use up ten of those taking care of your kids on teacher professional days, then tack on a couple more for kids getting sick.
Quintus Ennius|It is foolish to tear one's hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.
David W. Earle|The more dysfunctional, the more some family members seek to control the behavior of others.
Amy Bloom|In my wildest imagination, I never thought that the fifth of six children born to Helen and Buddy Watts - in a poor black neighborhood, in the poor rural community of Eufaula, Oklahoma - would someday be called Congressman.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|I heard a story," Aedion drawled to Rowan, "that you killed an enemy warlord using a table." "Please,"Aelin said. "Who the hell told you that?""Quinn-your uncle's Captain of the Guard. He was an admirer of Prince Rowan's. He knew all the stories."Aelin slid her eyes to Rowan, who smirked, bracing his sparring stick on the floor. "You can't be serious," she said. "What-you squashed him to death like a pressed grape?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes you welcome people only for them to show you how unwelcoming you are. Sometimes you generously help people only for them to show you how extravagant and evil you are. Sometimes you teach people only for them to show you how ignorant you are. Sometimes you open your doors to people only for them to show you how dirty your room is. Sometimes you make way for people only for them to block your ways. Sometimes you draw people closer to you only for them to teach you the real meaning of betrayal and loneliness. Sometimes you smile to people only for them to show you the color of your teeth. Sometimes you play with people only for them to show you how uncouth you are. In life, sometimes, your very best intentions shall be seen as woefully bad. Sometimes in life, your very good deeds and acts would see another meaning, but no matter how people perceive, accept and treat you or your good intentions, acts and deeds, know yourself, and dare not to be changed by circumstances so easily! Regardless of how hurtful circumstances might be, dare to guard your heart and your tongue, so you may not speak what you should never say that can make you miss your reward from the Sovereign Lord. Keep doing what you have to do, as you have to do, as a living sacrifice to your Father who is in Heaven, knowing that your reward is from Him alone, and wait patiently with a calm and an understanding heart for your reward from Him, regardless of the arduous nature of the hurt and trials!
Jodi Taylor, A Trail Through Time|Astronomers now find they have painted themselves into a corner because they have proven, by their own methods, that the world began abruptly in an act of creation to which you can trace the seeds of every star, every planet, every living thing in this cosmos and on the earth. And they have found that all this happened as a product of forces they cannot hope to discover. That there are what I or anyone would call supernatural forces at work is now, I think, a scientifically proven fact.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Lords of space and Lords of time,Lords of blessing, Lords of grace,Who is in the warmer clime?Who will follow Madoc's rhyme?Blue will alter time and space.
Michelle Warren, He + She|All the bad in my life led me to her, which makes me think that I can live with the past if she is my future. —HEW
Nikki Rowe|You have a faculty for defining the simplest in terms of the grandiose, so that a poor devil like me can't understand it.
Carrie Triffet, The Enlightenment Project|The mind that is deceived believes that this world is real. It believes that it is a real person and that there are real events that are happening to it. I really lost my job; I really do not have enough money to pay the rent. That is how it feels. It really does not see it as a dream. When we go to bed at night and dream, do we react to the dreams? There is running and sometimes fear and lots of emotions that seem to go on in those dreams. Why? Because the mind thinks it is in the dream. If you really let go of judgment you will start to see more and more that you are the dreamer of the dream, you are the cause of the dream. If I am in the dream it does not seem like I am the cause of the dream and I am not in control of it, but if I step back and realize that I am the dreamer of the dream, then I can accept another purpose for it. OK, I am going to change the purpose – out with the ego and in with the Holy Spirit! The Course calls that the happy dream. There is nothing on the screen that has changed, there are still the same things going on, what the world describes as wars and so on but my purpose for the world has changed.
Milan Kundera, Identity|Welcome to Irkalla, the Land of the Dead,” the woman said. “I am Ereshkigal, Queen of the Underworld.
Mensah Oteh|We all have to be taught how to be thankful and once learned, it has to be improved and practised daily.
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|If one chews a problem over long enough, it becomes apparent that the jaw is aching, and what started as weighing heavy on the heart ends up a pain in the neck.
Ed Bradley|I guess I was a mom so late in life, my daughter was the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Jeanne Moreau|[A]lthough wisdom is built on life experience, the mere accumulation of years guarantees nothing.
Andy Rooney|When you have a godly husband, a godly wife, children who respect their parents and who are loved by their parents, who provide for those children their physical and spiritual and material needs, lovingly, you have the ideal unit.
Umera Ahmed- Peer-e-Kamil|The most difficult dilemma for a person is perhaps when his heart testifies to an inevitable reality yet his tongue will not proclaim it, when his mind screams in acceptance of truth but he cant bring himself to state it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We enjoy the sense of God’s presence in the midst of suffering here and now. I have talked to people who are experiencing deep pain or severe difficulties, and they have said, “I feel God is so close to me.
R.T. Wolfe|One of my favorite dialogue pieces from Black Creek Burning: “It was a polite, white lie,” Brie whispered. “I’ll have to remember you think that way,” Nathan said.
Colleen Carroll Campbell, My Sisters the Saints: A Spiritual Memoir|How liberating it must be to stop evading, questioning, or complaining about your trials and start embracing them as opportunities to draw closer to God, to realize that even if Jesus is all you have, He is enough
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When we are faced with circumstances, He gives us the Power to endure! When we are faced with loss, He grants us the Poise to hold on. When we come across failure, He installs back in us the Potential to rise up again. When we meet death, He gave us the Pleasure to be carried up into the Lovely coasts of eternity!
Tony Buzan, The Power of Social Intelligence: 10 ways to tap into your social genius|A truly intelligent person is not one who can simply spout wordsand numbers; it is someone who can react ‘intelligently’ to all theopportunities, simulations and problems provided by the environment.Real intelligence means engaging your brain with every aspect of life –you play sport with you brain; you relate to others brain-to-brain;
Andrew Masuku, Dimensions of a New Civilization|Christians depend on each other, they should not be independent against each other
Helene Young, Shattered Sky|The insanity of love, and that’s why you’re trying to drive away with the park brake on.
Sayed Kashua|I was intentionally curbing the impulse to be funny and hiding the ability. I wrote any number of very serious attempts at poems, short stories, novels - horrible. At a certain point, I recognized that it was fun to write dialogue that had a degree of lightness and humor.
Magan Vernon, How to Date an Alien|I'm falling in love with you." As the words left his mouth, his lips pressed to mine, giving me the most intense and explosive kiss I had ever had. With the coldness of his lips and the warmth of his tongue beneath mine I saw fireworks and felt them through every part of my body.
Matshona Dhliwayo|While the whole world was asleep, the caterpillar was awake, working towards becoming a butterfly.
Andy Stanley|I like to change. A new lamp, a piece of art, can transform a room.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|But it may be that I betrayed myself. Since Dorcastle, my ability to supress my emotions has diminished. I know feelings are showing, not in ways which commons might see, but clearly enough for Mages to spot. My elders could well have decided that I am ruined, that my contact with you has corrupted me beyond correction." ..."What does it take to corrupt a Mage, anyway?""I told you. They thought that you had attempted to seduce me. Perhaps they thought that you had already succeeded despite my denials that such a thing had happened."Once again Mari stared at him, her face darkening. "I was under the impression that your elders thought I would try that at some future point. What did you tell them to make them think that I had already put my moves on you? Or that I had already hooked you?""Hooked?" Alain asked. "Ensnared." Mari got the word out between clenched teeth. "I told them nothing. That is the illusion they wished to believe, not thinking there could be any other reason for a female Mechanic to seek my company." Alain paused in thought. "A young and attractive female Mechanic, that is.""Oh right. The one with all those physical charms.""Yes," Alain agreed. She gasped a laugh. "I was being sarcastic again, Alain. I hope that isn't the only reason you've been attracted to me. Not the only reason anyway.""You are very pleasant to look upon," Alain said, and Mari's face flushed again. Had he angered her? "But my elders were foolish to think physical desire alone could corrupt me. It should not be possible with all of my training, but I found that a single shadow was by far the most important part of the world illusion. That is what doomed me, so my elders were correct in thinking that you had altered my thinking. Not with your body or other physical temptation, but with who you were and the things you did." Alain made another effort to bend his lips into a smile. "I will never be able to return to what I was before I met you.
Kathleen Norris, The Psalms with Commentary|I was taught that I had to 'master' subjects. But who can 'master' beauty, or peace, or joy?
Kevin DeYoung|One must consider that small children are virtually incapable of making much impact on their world. No matter what path taken as achild, survivors grow up believing they should have done something differently.Perhaps there is no greater form ofsurvivor guilt than “I didn't try to stop it." Or “I should have told." The legacy of a helpless, vulnerable, out-of-control, and humiliated child creates an adult who is generally tentative, insecure, and quite angry. The anger is not often expressed, however, as it is not safe to be angry with violent people. Confrontation and conﬂict are difﬁcult for many survivors.
Robert Graves, Claudius the God and His Wife Messalina|I lie awake in my bed, clinging to the brightness I have known, fighting back the tide of darkness, the memories of blood and branding and horror, and the legacy of cruelty that runs in my own veins, shaping my own secret vow and wielding it like a brand against the darkness, whispering it to myself, over and over. I will try to be good.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Poetry destroyed? Genius banished? No! Mediocrity, no: do not let envy prompt you to the thought. No; they not only live, but reign, and redeem: and without their divine influence spread everywhere, you would be in hell--the hell of your own meanness.
Anita Moorjani, Dying to Be Me: My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing|Our eternal spiritual self is more real than anything we perceive in this physical realm, and has a divine connection to the infinite love of the Creator.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." 
Jeffrey McDaniel|Even when I'm dead, I'll swim through the Earth,like a mermaid of the soil, just to be next to your bones.
Aldous Huxley|Meanwhile, the self can stand in the way of the Not-Self, interfering with the free flow of spiritual grace, this maintaining the self in a state of blindness, and also with the flow of animal grace, which leads to the impairment of natural functions and, in the long run, of the slower processes called structure. For each individual human being, the main practical problems are these: How can I prevent my ego from eclipsing the inner light, synteresis, scintilla animae, and so perpetuating the state of unregenerate illusion and blindness? And these practical problems remain unchallenged, even if we abandon the notion of an entelechy or physiological intelligencer, of an atman or pneuma and think, instead, in terms [of] systems...
Troy Polamalu|Take your mind off the problems for a moment, and focus on the positive possibilities. Consider how very much you are able to do.
H. G. Wells|The best thing I have is the knife from Fatal Attraction. I hung it in my kitchen. It's my way of saying, Don't mess with me.
Henri Poincaré, Science and Method|Human beings say, "It never rains but it pours." This is not very apt, for it frequently does rain without pouring. The rabbits' proverb is better expressed. They say, "One cloud feels lonely": and indeed it is true that the sky will soon be overcast.
Barack Obama|Yes, what has happened is we have moved from responding to these terrorist attacks as acts of civil disobedience to getting to the point after September 11 that we said, no, this is not just civil disobedience, this is an act of war.
Nicole Y. Walters|Since the beginning, the Fates determined which souls would be born, what kinds of lives they would live, and for how many days. They did this out of duty, out of destiny, and without emotion.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|I love a cool bralette paired with a high-waisted jean, maybe with Chanel suspenders and a good platform shoe.
Michael  Grant, Light|The mouth is a magnificent tool to communicate intimacy – kissing, licking, sucking, nipping – it's screaming, I'm so fucking into you, without saying a word.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|Compassion is an unstable emotion. It needs to be translated into action, or it withers.
Elizabeth Browning|Mr. Vesey, though, he didn't like any kind of talk about heaven. He said that was the coward’s way, pining for life in the hereafter, acting like this one didn’t mean a thing. I had to side with him on that.
Monique Snyman, Sanguine|What a waste.” The woman sighed and moved away. Looking at Victoria, she rubbed her thumb and forefinger together absently. “Burn him. Slowly. From the inside out.
Eugene Ionesco|The stroke of death is as a lover's pinch, which hurts and is desired.
Francesca Lia Block, Dangerous Angels|Was it possible there was some fatal flaw in their matching, that they were ultimately, impossibly different--dissimilar enough to fall in love, but too fundamentally distinct to stay together?
Apuleius, Cupid and Psyche|I little esteeme to see your visage and figure, little doe I regard the night and darknesse thereof, for you are my only light.
Julia Child, My Life in France|The trouble with life (the novelist will feel) is its amorphousness, its ridiculous fluidity. Look at it: thinly plotted, largely themeless, sentimental and ineluctably trite. The dialogue is poor, or at least violently uneven. The twists are either predictable or sensationalist. And it’s always the same beginning, and the same ending.
Colleen Houck|A tiger only needs three things to be comfortable. Lots of food, sleep, and…actually, no it’s just those two things.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Why do women spend so much time in talking to their female peers? The answer can again be found in the process of biological evolution of the human mind. Just like the evolutionary expression of aggression in men, gossiping is an evolutionary feature of the female psychology. Women trade various secrets from their personal experiences through gossiping in order to create connection and intimacy with their female peers.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|the difference between the old and the new education being) in a word, the old was a kind of propagation - men transmitting manhood to men; the new is merely propaganda.
Louis Cozolino, The Neuroscience of Psychotherapy: Healing the Social Brain|Behind this story so far is another story, as behind the girders of an ancient bridge is the skeleton of a child which superstition says keeps the bridge standing.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Those who suffer suffer because hurt people hurt people, and busy people let it happen. So am I going to be busy or am I going to be brave?
Douglas Brinkley|Sylvia Plath, Rumi, there's a lot of spoken word poets who do a really incredible job putting their spoken work into page poetry - that's what I strive to do.
Elsie Hillman-Gordon, Love Is Everything|Be Happy with what we Have Now in the Future it can change, but that is not Always to Better.
Joseph Heller|Lyonesse stared wide-eyed at Lynet’s hand and swallowed hard. Lynet realized that she was still holding the carving knife and had been pointing it at Lyonesse’s breast. She laid the knife down slowly and gathered a few plates of food. “I’ll take the rest of my dinner in my room, I think,” she said.
Claire Cross, Double Trouble|There would be a lot fewer of us screwing up the game of life so brilliantly, if there was always a right answer instead of just a best--or even a less bad--answer.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|It's impossible to go through life unscathed. Nor should you want to. By the hurts we accumulate, we measure both our follies and our accomplishments.
Richie Norton|Jack of all trades or master of one? If you're a master of one, you'll soon be a master of none. Times are a changin. Be a jack of all trades. Or better, master of many!
James Glieck|As chemists, we must rename [our] scheme and insert the symbols Ba, La, Ce in place of Ra, Ac, Th. As nuclear chemists closely associated with physics, we cannot yet convince ourselves to make this leap, which contradicts all previous experience in nuclear physics.
Maria Flynn|By no longer relying on approval from others for (false) reassurance or acceptance, you access a Divine channel of freedom.
Edwin Arnold, The Bhagavad Gita|Then, O King! the God, so saying,Stood, to Pritha's Son displayingAll the splendour, wonder, dreadOf His vast Almighty-head.Out of countless eyes beholding,Out of countless mouths commanding,Countless mystic forms enfoldingIn one Form: supremely standingCountless radiant glories wearing,Countless heavenly weapons bearing,Crowned with garlands of star-clusters,Robed in garb of woven lustres,Breathing from His perfect PresenceBreaths of every subtle essenceOf all heavenly odours; sheddingBlinding brilliance; overspreading-Boundless, beautiful- all spacesWith His all-regarding faces;So He showed! If there should riseSuddenly within the skiesSunburst of a thousand sunsFlooding earth with beams undeemed-of,Then might be that Holy One'sMajesty and radiance dreamed of!
Malcolm X|I eat my feelings - when I'm happy, when I'm sad.
Melissa Marr, Darkest Mercy|Will you be my forever, Donia?
Jenna Alatari|You should always say goodbye to the people you love before you walk away. Hug them and hold them tight like it is the last moment you have, because it just might be.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|Any rapist would feel pretty dang upset to see his car packed full with rotting fish heads and limburger cheese...Also, if the 542 women responsible were crowded onto the street where he lived, insisting that he move himself and his stinky car to another locale.Nobody likes to be pelted with 2060 bloody tampons.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|The last clear definite function of man—muscles aching to work, minds aching to create beyond the single need—this is man....For man, unlike any other thing organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments. This you may say of man—when theories change and crash, when schools, philosophies, when narrow dark alleys of thought, national, religious, economic, grow and disintegrate, man reaches, stumbles forward, painfully, mistakenly sometimes. Having stepped forward, he may slip back, but only half a step, never the full step back. This you may say and know it and know it. This you may know when the bombs plummet out of the black planes on the market place, when prisoners are stuck like pigs, when the crushed bodies drain filthily in the dust. You may know it in this way. If the step were not being taken, if the stumbling-forward ache were not alive, the bombs would not fall, the throats would not be cut. Fear the time when the bombs stop falling while the bombers live—for every bomb is proof that the spirit has not died. And fear the time when the strikes stop while the great owners live—for every little beaten strike is proof that the step is being taken. And this you can know—fear the time when Manself will not suffer and die for a concept, for this one quality is the foundation of Manself, and this one quality is man, distinctive in the universe.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|But as Van casually directed the searchlight of backthought into that maze of the past where the mirror-lined narrow paths not only took different turns, but used different levels (as a mule-drawn cart passes under the arch of a viaduct along which a motor skims by), he found himself tackling, in still vague and idle fashion, the science that was to obsess his mature years - problems of space and time, space versus time, time-twisted space, space as time, time as space - and space breaking away from time, in the final tragic triumph of human cogitation: I am because I die.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid|...you know that a good, long session of weeping can often make you feel better, even if your circumstances have not changed one bit.
Yawatta Hosby, When the Lights Go Out - Ink Slingers' Halloween Anthology|I stared into the man's lifeless eyes. His face was blue, but it could've been from the cold. His body was bloated, but he could've just been fat. None of this explained the crows lining up on the tree branch though. --The Body By the Tree
James Lee Burke, The Glass Rainbow|If there is any human tragedy, there is only one, and it occurs when we forget who we are and remain silent while a stranger takes up residence inside our skin.
Sigrid Undset|In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians called it 'Christmas' and went to church; the Jews called it 'Hanukkah' and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank. People passing each other on the street would say 'Merry Christmas!' or 'Happy Hanukkah!' or (to the atheists) 'Look out for the wall!
Leah Broadby, A Dreadful Daughter's Spells|If we all learnt cat-speak, we would often find they are saying, “You stupid human, I am trying to tell you something important right now!
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|You are not showing her my baby pictures!” He sounded horrified, which made me laugh. “Come on, Evan,” I teased with a laughing smile, “you were adorable.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|You are dehydrated," I said. "The result of alcohol taken in excess. But that is the only way to take it. It is the only way to do a man any good.
Emily Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|I’ll walk, but not in old heroic traces,And not in paths of high morality,And not among the half-distinguished faces,The clouded forms of long-past history.I’ll walk where my own nature would be leading:It vexes me to choose another guide:Where the grey flocks in ferny glens are feeding;Where the wild wind blows on the mountain side.
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|I used to teach at an abused children's home. I told the kids, "You all have a manure pile of memories. Nothing you can do about that. Now you can drown in the stink or turn it into compost and grow a garden. I wouldn't't be as good a teacher to you if I didn't know what you're going through. That way, I make my memories do good instead of letting them eat me. I'm like Herbie from Rudolph the Red-nosed Reindeer. I pulled my Bumble's teeth. He's still big and scary but he can't bite me anymore.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people mistakenly take the Bible as a mere reading book! They read it every now and then! Well, that’s a noble thing to do, but a more solemn way is to see the Bible as not just a reading book, but a true practical book for true worshipers, and live it as such!
Ashish Bhardwaj|Today, she is standing at the top of a mountain and appreciating the majestic panoramic view of mesmerizing Himalaya. As a kid, she used to look up in the sky and wish for wings to fly up to the mountains. And now after a long wait of many years, she is standing here and living her dream. It’s the moment when she can’t believe her eyes because what she always dreamed of has come alive. She looks with amazement as if she’s witnessing a miracle. It is the moment of her life. She just wants to feel it. There are beautiful clouds below her and there are snow clad mountain peaks emerging from those clouds. The white peaks shining in blue sky among white clouds look like glittering diamonds to her. The view of the large lush green meadow surrounded by mountains under blue sky with a rainbow circling the horizon has put her in a state of tranquility. As the sun starts drowning in the horizon, the sky begins to boast his mystical colours. The beautiful mix of pink, orange and red looks like creating a twilight saga. She opens her both arm and takes a deep breath to entwine with the nature. The glimmering rays of the moon are paying tribute to her by kissing her warm cheeks and her eyes twinkle in bright moon light. She raises her face towards the moon and senses the flood of memories which she wants to unleash. The cool breeze lifts her ruffled hair and blows her skirt up. She closes her eyes and breathes deep as if she wants to let her know that she is finally here and then she opens her eyes and finds herself on the same wheelchair inside a room with an empty wall in front of her eye. Tears rolls down from her eye but these are the tears of Joy because she is living her dreams today. The feelings comes to her mind while waiting for her daughter who is coming back home today after her first expedition of a high range mountain ~ AB
David W. Earle|Children naturally believe without question and absorb knowledge at an incredible rate; since there is no other frame of reference; they believe their parental reality, true or false.
Oscar Wilde, The Star-Child and Other Tales|So overjoyed were they at their deliverance that they laughed aloud, and the Earth seemed to them like a flower of silver, and the Moon like a flower of gold.
Prashant Dev|It’s an old story, amigo mío. Be careful of those closest to you because they can do the most damage.
Meredith Russo, If I Was Your Girl|Moving forward in time, it is important that we learn to distinguish between mysteries and secrets. Mysteries precede humankind, envelop us and draw us forward into exploration and wonder. Secrets are the work of humankind, a covert and often insidious way to gather, withhold or impose power. Do not confuse the pursuit of one with the manipulation of the other.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Allow your relationship to progress at its own pace. Enjoy each moment of each date, the courtship, the friendship, and the natural progression to commitment. If it is meant to be, it will happen.
Anthony Robbins|People are not lazy, they simply have impotent goals..that is..goals that do not inspire them.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|I had only to open my bedroom window, and blue air, love, and flowers entered with her”.
L.J. Vanier|I should prefer that you do not mention my name at all in connection with this case, as I choose to be only associated with those crimes which present some difficulty in their solution.
Pratyush Singh|At the beginning of the war…I had to look in on the War Office, and in a room I found a fellow…What do you think he was doing…what the hell do you think he was doing? He was devising the ceremonial for the disbanding of a Kitchener battalion. You can’t say we were not prepared in one matter at least…. Well, the end of the show was to be: the adjutant would stand the battalion at ease; the band would play Land of Hope and Glory, and then the adjutant would say: There will be no more parades…. Don’t you see how symbolical it was—the band playing Land of Hope and Glory, and then the adjutant saying: There will be no more parades?…For there won’t. There won’t, there damn well won’t. No more Hope, no more Glory, no more parades for you and me any more. Nor for the country…nor for the world, I dare say… None… Gone… Napoo finny! No…more…parades!
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Are you sure/That we are awake? It seems to me/That yet we sleep, we dream
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|What is one common thing every one craves for? It is love... Love others unconditionally, honestly and truthfully. When you fill your being with love, you make yourself healthier and happier.
Barbara C. Doyle, Finding Redemption|It rewrites the contract, I'd read somewhere. Your self's no longer central. This thing comes out of you and drags half your soul along after it like a blanket.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|People lose fifty million skin cells every day. The cells get scraped off and turn into invisible dust, and disappear into the air. Maybe we are nothing but skin cells as far as the world is concerned.
Orlando Bloom|Elves are cool, man.
Alcoholics Anonymous|Not being a man of means, I knew that if I did not stay sober enough to earn money, I would run out of liquor.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Never let yourself be swayed by emotions,' her mother had said. 'Emotions are fleeting. They come and go. But reality stays with you forever.
Samar Sudha|God has sent us with treasure of thoughts, we just need to explore that
O.R. Melling, The Summer King|Life isn't as magical here, and you're not the only one who feels like you don't belong, or that it's better somewhere else. But there ARE things worth living for. And the best part is you never know what's going to happen next.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|Sarah shifted on the bench. I worried she was winding up to say something, that Sky would start humming now, that the fright spring-coiled inside me would break loose. Then I remembered the widow dress I was wearing. I made a sound with my lips like I was trying to give him an answer, but choking on the words, seized by my grief, and I didn't have to pretend that much. I felt sorrow for my life, for what I'd lived and seen and known, for what was lost to me, and the weeping turned real.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Every time you try and fail,Every time your hope gets stuck in the deeps,And you wonder just how you'd get through the sail-Don't forget that underneath your pain,Is an anchor of great strength and fortitudeKeep digging until you find it...And when you do,RISE!
Montesquieu, Persian Letters|In vain do we seek tranquility in the desert; temptations are always with us; our passions, represented by the demons, never let us alone: those monsters created by the heart, those illusions produced by the mind, those vain specters that are our errors and our lies always appear before us to seduce us; they attack us even in our fasting or our mortifications, in other words, in our very strength.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|We shall not cease from explorationAnd the end of all our exploringWill be to arrive where we startedAnd know the place for the first time.Through the unknown, remembered gateWhen the last of earth left to discoverIs that which was the beginning;At the source of the longest riverThe voice of the hidden waterfallAnd the children in the apple-treeNot known, because not looked forBut heard, half-heard, in the stillnessBetween two waves of the sea.Quick now, here, now, always—A condition of complete simplicity(Costing not less than everything)And all shall be well andAll manner of thing shall be wellWhen the tongues of flames are in-foldedInto the crowned knot of fireAnd the fire and the rose are one.
Holly Black, White Cat|Please, Katsa," he finally said. "At least talk to me".She swung around to face him. "What it there to talk about? You know how I feel, and what I think about it.""And what I feel? Doesn't it matter?
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|I would have gone too but I wanted to come straight back to you.I kept thinking of you, waiting here, all by yourself, not knowing what was going to happen.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|When unconscious storytelling becomes out default, we often keep tripping over the same issue, staying down when we fall, and having different versions of the same problem in our relationships--we've got the story on repeat. Burton explains that our brains like predictable storytelling. He writes, "In effect, well-oiled patterns of observation encourage our brains to compose a story that we expect to hear.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|I love sleep. I need sleep. We all do, of course. There are those people that don't need sleep. I think they're called 'successful.
Oliver Bowden, Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade|It is not our right to punish one for thinking as he does, no matter how much we disagree.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|The difficulty lay with the mind accommodating itself to the notion of the plane, with all its weight, defying gravity, staying aloft. She understood the aerodynamics of flight, could comprehend the laws of physics that made flight possible, but her heart, at the moment, would have none of it. Her heart knew the plane could fall out of the sky.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|A knight sets out to illuminate the darkness in society, not from its leaves but from its roots. This is how justice will be realized. Find the source
Amy Engel, The Roanoke Girls|It was the first time I saw the look on the face of the people I robbed: it was ugly. I was the cause of such ugliness, and the only thing that made me feel was a cruel pleasure which, I thought, was bound to transfigure my own face, to make me resplendent. I was then 23 years old. From that moment on, I felt capable of advancing in cruelty.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|A nose is ordinarily naked. A nose isn’t nipple, although there are similarities.
Andrea Hirata, Sang Pemimpi|Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
Baratunde R. Thurston|It is more informative how we treat things with no defined legal rights, than how we treat things with legal rights.
Markham Shaw Pyle|ATTENTION ALL AUTHORS: Be very careful who you give acknowledgement to in your books. Reason: That acknowledgement is in permanent, ink and they are forever associated with you, that book and your name. -Word to the Wi
Jodi Livon, The Happy Medium: Awakening to Your Natural Intuition|Love and intuition are born of the same source. Of all the gifts you will receive in this life, love is the only one with everlasting power. Love is your companion in this world and into the next.
Henny Youngman|Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah, everything is beautiful.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|There should always be an end game, or else all you are doing is practicing for an opportunity for which you have no idea of what it is or what it will even look like.
Karyn Henley, Breath of Angel|Why would you want to be free of your destiny? Nothing else will satisfy. As for freedom, that's a matter of the heart. Pursue your destiny, and you'll find your freedom along the way.
Julie White|People are easily intimidated when they decorate their home. They think it has to be one way. But there's no one way. It's your way, your style. At the end of the day, you have to live there. It's your cocoon, your nest. You have to be happy in it.
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|I want to take ye to bed. In my bed. And I mean to spend the rest of the day thinking what to do wit ye once I got ye there. So wee Archie can just go and play at marbles with his bollucks, aye?
Molly Ringle, Immortal's Spring|Christmas and the others can end up making you sad, because you know you should be happy.
Pearl Zhu, Digital It: 100 Q&as|Never let them give you their own branding upon your name, brand yourself to avoid being falsely branded.
Virgil|Much effort, much prosperity.
William Allingham, The Fairies: A Poem|By the craggy hill-side,Through the mosses bare,They have planted thorn-treesFor pleasure here and there.If any man so daringAs dig them up in spite,He shall find their sharpest thornsIn his bed at night.
Kevin J. Anderson, Ruins|Scully,' [Mulder] said, his voice quiet and serious, 'with the... unorthodox explanations I often find when studying the evidence, I know you're always skeptical-but every time you're at least fair to me. You respect my opinion, even when you don't agree with it.' He looked at his hands. 'I don't know if I've ever told you, but I really appreciate that.'She looked at him and smiled. 'You've told me, Mulder. Maybe not in words... but you've told me.
A.H. Maslow|The pioneer, the creator, the explorer is generally a single, lonely person rather than a group, struggling all alone with his inner conflicts, fears, defenses against arrogance and pride, even against paranoia. He has to be a courageous man, not afraid to stick his neck out, not afraid even to make mistakes, well aware that he is, as Polanyi has stressed, a kind of gambler who comes to tentative conclusions in the absence of facts and then spends some years trying to figure out if his hunch was correct. If he has any sense at all, he is of course scared of his own ideas, of his temerity, and is well aware that he is affirming what he cannot prove.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|The Ten Commandments, for example, were no more challenging than the Girl Scout oath, and why should anyone be tempted to put one false god ahead of another?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Maria Nieves|They say truth will set you free, it all depends whose truth we are talking about... yours or mine.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|No one will retrieve my lost heartamidst so many roots, in the bitter freshnessof the sun multiplied by the fury of the water,there the shadow lives that does not travel with me.
Marina Warner|But life is not a fairy tale. It's brighter and darker, longer and briefer, duller and more magical. It's full of contradictions, but one thing it's not is neat.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|We each have a special something we can get only at a special time of our life. like a small flame. A careful, fortunate few cherish that flame, nurture it, hold it as a torch to light their way. But once that flame goes out, it’s gone forever.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s laws for the spiritual world are found in the Bible. Whatever else there may be that tells us of God, it is more clearly told in the Bible.
Karina Szczurek, The Fifth Mrs Brink: A Memoir|I see the process of reaching out, sharing yourself, communicating, establishing contact between two people as similar to, if not the same as, the interaction between two people entering a relationship in literature – that is, as reader and writer. Both seem to have the same astounding possibilities and the same terrible pitfalls. But if you battle through and souls touch, magic happens. Love. We feel more human, more alive, more understood, naked and yet protected from the cold of isolation and indifference. Our loneliness is, temporarily, held at bay.
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|It's not that the authors are unskilled, but we must frequently venture outside our areas of original training. Either the work lies outside anybody's area of original training, or orthodox criticism (in Ellen Moers' words) averts its refined and weary eyes from what only feminists consider important or see as problematic. Much anti-feminist criticism of feminist writing can best be answered with, 'Yeah? And where were you at the time, twinkletoes? Writing your ten-thousandth essay on King Lear?
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|Unable to attribute misfortune to chance, unable to accept their ultimate insignificance within the greater scheme, the people looked for monsters in their midst.
Siddharta Mukherjee|Phenotype, in short, drags genotypes behind it, like a cart pulling a horse. It is the perennial conundrum of natural selection that it seeks one thing (fitness) and accidentally finds another (genes that produce fitness). Genes that produce fitness become gradually over-represented in populations through the selection phenotypes, thereby allowing organisms to become more and more adapted to their environments. There is no such thing as perfection, only the relentless, thirsty matching of an organism to its environment. That is the engine that drives evolution.
Louise Slaughter|I could only try to comfort the women that I came face-to-face with. I was really moved by how much they wanted to talk, how much they needed to be comforted, and how happy they were that we were there.
Phillip Lewis, The Barrowfields|We realize, though, because we must, that remembrance is finite. It crosses only so many generations before it fades to indistinction. One man remembers his father and perhaps his grandfather and the details of the lives that were lived. But it's harder to see further back in time. I know the name of my great-grandfather, but our living time did not intersect. We did not walk the earth at the same time. Thus, to me he's a photograph; a story I heard my grandfather tell. He's not a life I remember. And my children may not know him at all, unless by chance they can find him in a book. In time, he will be forgotten entirely, just as we all will with enough revolutions of the earth around the slowly expiring sun. Each fragile heart now beating will one day stop ... We are little more than one tree's growth of leaves in hillside forest. We will enjoy our brief moment in the sun, only to fall away with all the other to make way for the next bright young generation.
L.M. Montgomery|...“Oh, Marilla, looking forward to things is half the pleasure of them,” exclaimed Anne. “You mayn’t get the things themselves; but nothing can prevent you from having the fun of looking forward to them. Mrs. Lynde says, ‘Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.’ But I think it would be worse to expect nothing than to be disappointed.”...
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|It is difficult to live in the present, pointless to live in the future and impossible to live in the past.
Khalia Hades, The Alaskan Mummy|I have nothing against gay officers, but its time to get your shit straight an leave the drag at home.
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|It is not difficult for an unwise mother quite unintentionally to centre the heterosexual feelings of a young son upon herself, and it is true that, if this is done, the evil consequences pointed out by Freud will probably ensue. This is, however, much less likely to occur if the mother's sexual life is satisfying to her, for in that case she will not look to her child for a type of emotional satisfaction which ought to be sought only from adults. The parental impulse in its purity is an impulse to care for the young, not to demand affection from them, and if a woman is happy in her sexual life she will abstain spontaneously from all improper demands for emotional response from her child.
Joaquin Phoenix|Playing drums feels like coming home for me. Even during the White Stripes I thought: 'I'll do this for now, but I'm really a drummer.' That's what I'll put on my passport application.
Mark Frauenfelder|There aren't many great passages written about food, but I love one by George Millar, who worked for the SOE in the second world war and wrote a book called 'Horned Pigeon.' He had been on the run and hadn't eaten for a week, and his description of the cheese fondue he smells in the peasant kitchen of a house in eastern France is unbelievable.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Twining his fingers through her ponytail, he cradled the back of her head, seducing her nearly senseless with a single kiss - on a mountainside covered in wildflowers, under the summer sun and an endless sky.
Jeffrey Fry|If you realise and accept your mistakes, faults and wrong doings, it is the exact way to recognising, getting and finding yourself, when it happens, you are a genius
Zig Ziglar|What distinguishes a great artist from a weak one is first their sensibility and tenderness; second, their imagination, and third, their industry.
Sabrina Lloyd|If you already have a piece of music ingrained in your body, why would you not play it?
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|How did the war creep up? How did it gather itself together? What was it made from? What secrets, lies, betrayals? What loves and hatreds? What sums of money, what metals?
Johnny Rich|To be motivated to write a novel, I need to be unable not to write.
Sonia Sanchez, Shake Loose My Skin: New and Selected Poems|I don't really like this song," Emma had said."You told me it was your favourite.""It's beautiful. But it always makes me sad.""Why, love?" he'd asked gently. "It's about finding each other again. About someone coming home."Emma had lifted her head from his shoulder and looked at him earnestly. "It's about losing someone, and having to wait until you're together in heaven.""There's nothing in the lyrics about heaven," he'd said."But that's what it means. I can't bear the idea of being separated from you, for a lifetime or a year or even a day. So you mustn't go to heaven without me.""Of course not," he had whispered. "It wouldn't be heaven without you.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|And yet,to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together nowadays.
Mark Hyman|There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge - that is everywhere.
Christopher Alexander|The lonely wanderer, who watches by the seashore the waves that roll between him and his home, talks of cruel facts, material barriers that, just because they are material, and not ideal, shall be the irresistible foes of his longing heart.
Wil Wheaton, Just a Geek: Unflinchingly honest tales of the search for life, love, and fulfillment beyond the Starship Enterprise|Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.
|Maintaining a good health is the biggest investment that you could ever make, because without it, a lot of things in life would become impossible.
Robert Greene, Mastery|We could express this power in the following way: Most of the time we live in an interior world of dreams, desires, and obsessive thoughts. But in this period of exceptional creativity, we are impelled by the need to get something done that has a practical effect. We force ourselves to step outside our inner chamber of habitual thoughts and connect to the world, to other people, to reality. Instead of flitting here and there in a state of perpetual distraction, our minds focus and penetrate to the core of something real. At these moments, it is as if our minds—turned outward—are now flooded with light from the world around us, and suddenly exposed to new details and ideas, we become more inspired and creative.
Alan Watts|This empire, unlike any other in the history of the world, has been built primarily through economic manipulation, through cheating, through fraud, through seducing people into our way of life, through the economic hit men. I was very much a part of that.
C.S. Lewis|The perfect surrender and humiliation were undergone by Christ: perfect because He was God, surrender and humiliation because He was man.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|Very helpful, I must say. Look at them in the eye and shout, and they understand every word..." (Mr. Warbeck in Sienna, talking about local Italians.)
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|The magic was boiling her blood. The darkness—it would be a relief compared to the hell smoldering in her veins. The Valg prince advanced, and part of her was screaming—screaming at herself to get up, to keep fighting, to rage and roar against this horrible end. But moving her limbs, even breathing, had become a monumental effort.She was so tired.
Josh Fox|If I weren't skateboarding, I'd love to race cars. I like anything that's fast and active.
Richard M. Weaver, Ideas Have Consequences|Today is a new day. Even if you were wrong yesterday, you can get it right today.
Mike Krzyzewski|If my accent betrayed my foreign birth, it also stamped me as an enemy, in the imagination of the producers.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|Older, but no wiser. Alas, our dreams continue to haunt us.
Brandon Sanderson, The Bands of Mourning|There is something beyond. Though perhaps my belief is merely my own desire wishing it to be so.""You are not encouraging me. Aren't You omnipotent?""Hardly," Harmony said, smiling. "But I believe that parts of me could be.
Edward Conze, Buddhist Scriptures|One in AllAll in One--If only this is realized,No more worry about your not being perfect (175)
Pink|I'm sure the feeling of fear, as long as you can take advantage of it and not be rendered useless by it, can make you extend yourself beyond what you would regard as your capacity. If you're afraid, the blood seems to flow freely through the veins, and you really do feel a sense of stimulation.
Thomas Watson, The Lord's Supper|Such as make the sacrament only a representation of Christ do aim short of the mystery, and come short of the comfort.
Lori Cash Richards, Letting the Upside In: Discovering the code that grants us access to the extraordinary treasures contained within our hearts|People transform. I've seen it over and over. As we reframe and refine our lives, we up-level in the most remarkable ways. We end up in places and with lives we never dreamed of when we were caught in our outdated assumptions that we are our personalities, stuck with ourselves as we are.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Sea-foam And coral! Oh, I'll Climb the great pasture rocks And dream me mermaid in the sun's Gold flood.
Debasish Mridha|To fall in love is easy;to forget, wild and crazy.
Alessia Cara|I grew up in Marcy Projects in Brooklyn, and my mom and pop had an extensive record collection, so Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and all of those sounds and souls of Motown filled the house.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
Jessamine Verzosa, 548 Heartbeats|They say actions speak louder than words, but in some cases, words hurt a lot more than actions ever could.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently: Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America and the Truth about Them|When a man cheats on his wife or girlfriend, he breaks the spell that made him once the special one.
Dee Waldeck|When you´re at the point you feel you have nothing to live or thrive fo, be like a camera, use your negatives to develop
Francisco Jiménez|Any constituency that needs amending, is a prototype in error.
Ted Koppel|The great mistake of contemporary life is that we have made such a virtue of intellectual growth while almost totally ignoring the necessity of conscience growth. We have failed to understand that individual evolution can take place not only in mental but in moral power. The earth tragically today is full of people who remain fixated on a childish level of conscience. What an illusion has blinded the human race: that our conscience is given to us once and for all at birth and we ourselves have to do little or nothing about it…The truth is that our moral capacity is purely potential and needs strenuous training, education and development. It is certainly not an organic power that comes to us at birth, like breathing, which demands little attention from us as long as we live…A revolution has to take place in our thinking about morality. We have to become as sensitive about being moral morons as we are now anxious about being intellectual idiots.
Nicholas Kristof|In the long run, we will need many more African-American, Latino, and Native American leaders, and leaders from low-income communities, who can bring additional insight and a deeply grounded sense of urgency, and who are the most likely to inspire the necessary trust and engagement among students' parents and community leaders.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|If there is a ‘this world,’ there must be a ‘that world!’ There must be another world!
Ronald Reagan|The word "We" is as lime poured over men, which sets and hardens to stone, and crushes all beneath it, and that which is white and that which is black are lost equally in the grey of it. It is the word by which the depraved steal the virtue of the good, by which the weak steal the might of the strong, by which the fools steal the wisdom of the sages. What is my joy if all hands, even the unclean, can reach into it? What is my wisdom, if even the fools can dictate to me? What is my freedom, if all creatures, even the botched and impotent, are my masters? What is my life, if I am but to bow, to agree and to obey? But I am done with this creed of corruption. I am done with the monster of "We," the word of serfdom, of plunder, of misery, falsehood and shame. And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride. This god, this one word: "I.
Rebecca Harris, The Dead of Winter|I don't have the time, skill level, or experience to date one guy, let alone two. Fortunately, there's more to life than boys. How about we focus on something other than me finding a mate?
Alana Massey, All the Lives I Want: Essays About My Best Friends Who Happen to Be Famous Strangers|Sylvia was an early literary manifestation of a young woman who takes endless selfies and posts them with vicious captions calling herself fat and ugly. She is at once her own documentarian and the reflexive voice that says she is unworthy of documentation. She sends her image into the world to be seen, discussed, and devoured, proclaiming that the ordinariness or ugliness of her existence does not remove her right to have it.
P.G. Wodehouse|No sir," said Mr Molloy. "I'm mighty sorry I can't meet you in any way, but the fact is I'm all fixed up in Oil. Oil's my dish. I began in Oil and I'll end up in Oil. I wouldn't be happy outside of Oil.""Oh?" said Mr Carmody, regarding this Human Sardine with as little open hostility as he could manage on the spur of the moment.
Johann Kaspar Lavater|In these times, God's people must trust him for rest of body and soul.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Most people are familiar with the rich, resonant tones of James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman. Their signature voices bring strength, authority, and lyrical enjoyment. Are there aspects of your voice that you can capitalize on to make a great impression and be simply unforgettable?
Charles Darwin|Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
R.A. Torrey|Despite the huge crowd, He speaks to His disciples as though no one else is there.
Emil M. Cioran|Each of us must pay for the slightest damage he inflicts upon a universe created for indifference and stagnation, sooner or later, he will regret not having left it intact.
Tavi Gevinson|When I had money in the past, I would always travel rather than spend it on big apartments or cars. And I still feel exactly the same way.
Dotapoker|A right way, a wrong way, and a GREENWAY.
Debasish Mridha|To beautify the world, let your love bloom like a flower.
John Curran|Nothing to me is unexpected. No disappointment is unexpected - whether it's movies or people or relationships. I'm always ready for the punch directly between the eyes. So I get hurt, but I never get hurt. Happens all the time.
Richelle E. Goodrich, I am not Frazzle!: And other stories for grown-ups|Choose altruism, because selfishism is a lonely, cold, dark hole.
Jairam Ramesh|Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Ray Romano|So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.
R. W. Patterson, Solace From Shadows: Where Mortality and Eternity Collide|One celestial quake and the timeline belonging to her had imploded in the heavens like a dying star. It was like falling into oblivion, she thought wearily, the tattered remains of her life floated—unanchored in a vacuum of what was and what little remained.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Clothes are but little loss, if you escape from drowning.
Jeremy Northam|I love gardening, and I love cooking. I love things like that. I love creating things.
Robin Sacredfire|We only pay for what we admire, want and recognize as necessary, even when a cup of coffee is priced at the same value of a book that can change our entire future.
John C. Maxwell|Being sexy is all about attitude, not body type. It's a state of mind.
Albert Einstein|If you wish to learn from the theoretical physicist anything about the methods which he uses, I would give you the following piece of advice: Don't listen to his words, examine his achievements. For to the discoverer in that field, the constructions of his imagination appear so necessary and so natural that he is apt to treat them not as the creations of his thoughts but as given realities.
Dalai Lama XIV|Whether you believe in God or not does not matter so much, whether you believe in Buddha or not does not matter so much; as a Buddhist, whether you believe in reincarnation or not does not matter so much. You must lead a good life. And a good life does not mean just good food, good clothes, good shelter. These are not sufficient. A good motivation is what is needed: compassion, without dogmatism, without complicated philosophy; just understanding that others are human brothers and sisters and respecting their rights and human dignity.
S.M. Hulse, Black River|So easy to go sailing off this road. A wonder more folks didn't. All that space, waiting.
John Bardeen|Science is a field which grows continuously with ever expanding frontiers. Further, it is truly international in scope. Any particular advance has been preceded by the contributions of those from many lands who have set firm foundations for further developments. The Nobel awards should be regarded as giving recognition to this general scientific progress as well as to the individuals involved.Further, science is a collaborative effort. The combined results of several people working together is often much more effective than could be that of an individual scientist working alone.
Rachel Joyce, Perfect|Jesus came to be the light for the world, and then there's the Christmas star and the idea of letting your light shine...But not blinding your neighbor with it.
Matthew Lewis, The Monk|Romanticism is the expression of man’s urge to rise above reason and common sense, just as rationalism is the expression of his urge to rise above theology and emotion.
Tig Notaro|I think what - I think what the American people is looking for is they are looking for moral and intellectual courage and clarity, and not a sense of passivity or confusion.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, The Crimson Curtain|The summer demands and takes away too much. /But night, the reserved, the reticent, gives more than it takes
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park|I think we need more math majors who don't become mathematicians. More math major doctors, more math major high school teachers, more math major CEOs, more math major senators. But we won't get there unless we dump the stereotype that math is only worthwhile for kid geniuses.
Alice Walker|My idea of Heaven is to wake up, have a good breakfast, and spend the rest of the day drawing.
Christie Golden|I am happy with my books, personal dairy, mp3, in my room with personal stuff... Because these are the reason of my courage, support and happiness even when I really need a mortal human body to be with me for advice, guidance to listen, even to speak. I found nothing but those thing around me.. As those temporary non living things are more valuable for me than those who were valuable for me but previously.
Mario Van Peebles|For 'Fright Night,' we really want to convey the fun attitude of the movie and show the intensity of Colin Farrell as a predator. He's not a brooding vampire - he's dark and dangerous.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Writers don't suffer from insanity, they depend upon it!
Nick Farewell, GO|Quando tudo estiver ruim, lembre-se destas duas letras que formam uma palavra: GO. Vá. Vá em frente. Escreva, desenhe, pinte, fotografe, dance, costure, atue, cante. Portanto, quando estiver ruim, lembre-se destas duas letras que formam uma palavra. GO. Vá. Vá em frente. Apenas faça.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|Why do older people seem more honest, dependable? But it's true. People think lies are like the food pyramid or Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, broad at the base. What does a ninety-year-old have to fib about?
Layne Staley|As a culture I see us as presently deprived of subtleties. The music is loud, the anger is elevated, sex seems lacking in sweetness and privacy.
Émile Zola, Germinal|If we make a union in these fields, is there anything we can do to ensure it doesn't become corrupt? Or that later it doesn't only look after the people who work here, we just look after our own, and everyone else can fend for themselves? We need to fight for ourselves, here and now, but we also need changes so large and impossible they encompass the entire world.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Common sense. Mothers are the last riddle, the worst horror, the only consolation.
Siegfried Sassoon|The fact is that five years ago I was, as near as possible, a different person to what I am tonight. I, as I am now, didn't exist at all. Will the same thing happen in the next five years? I hope so.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|Master, take me in along with these people." Jesus answered and said, "Your star has led you astray, Judas.
Yoko Ono|The new artists coming through were very materialistic and Hollywood, not so engaged in communication.
Glenn Gould|In Romanticism, the main determinant is the mood, the atmosphere. And in that regard, you could also describe Schubert as a Romantic.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Try it on.""It's probably a little snug. Marcie tends to buy down when it comes to sizing." He merely smiled."It has a slit up the thigh." His smile depened."Zip it up?"Patch's eyes made a slow assessment of me, sharpening to vivid black. "I'm going to have a hard time sending you off with Scott in that dress. Just a heads-up, if you come home and the dress looks even slightly tampered with, I will track Scott down, and when I find him, it won't be pretty.
C.G. Jung, Memories, Dreams, Reflections|The acceptance of oneself is the essence of the whole moral problem and the epitome of a whole outlook on life. That I feed the hungry, that I forgive an insult, that I love my enemy in the name of Christ -- all these are undoubtedly great virtues. What I do unto the least of my brethren, that I do unto Christ. But what if I should discover that the least among them all, the poorest of all the beggars, the most impudent of all the offenders, the very enemy himself -- that these are within me, and that I myself stand in need of the alms of my own kindness -- that I myself am the enemy who must be loved -- what then? As a rule, the Christian's attitude is then reversed; there is no longer any question of love or long-suffering; we say to the brother within us "Raca," and condemn and rage against ourselves. We hide it from the world; we refuse to admit ever having met this least among the lowly in ourselves.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If i am asked 'what is good? my answer is that good is good, and that is the end of the matter. Or if I am asked 'How is good to be defined?' my answer is that it cannot be defined, and that is all I have to say about it
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire: Redemption|It’s not nice to think of children growing up like mushrooms, in the dark.
Debasish Mridha|Give away everything—even your heart, soul, and mind. Nothing is yours. Keep your experiences and your memories. Those are yours and they make you who you are.
John Fowles, The Magus|From the deepest silence between us arose uncertain, utterly vague and, as it were, whispered varieties on the theme ‘smile’.
Paul Reiser|I haven't really decided to be an actor yet! I started doing plays when I was about 15 or 16. I only did it because my dad saw a bunch of pretty girls in a restaurant and he asked them where they came from and they said drama group. He said, 'Son, that is where you need to go.'
David Brooks|You get a feeling when you look back on life that all God really wants from us is to live inside a body He made, and enjoy the story, and to bond with Him through the experience.
Collin Wilson|Imagination should be used, not to escape reality, but to create it.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|If you don't waste your energy on variables you cannot influence, you can focus much more effectively on those you can. (Mark Epstein)
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I see young men, my townsmen, whose misfortune it is to have inherited farms, houses, barns, cattle, and farming tools; for these are more easily acquired than got rid of. Better if they had been born in the open pasture and suckled by a wolf, that they might have seen with clearer eyes what field they were called to labor in. Who made them serfs of the soil? Why should they eat their sixty acres, when man is condemned to eat only his peck of dirt? Why should they begin digging their graves as soon as they are born?
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Can you taste it Bruce? Can you taste the filth, the dirt, the oily blackness of that fossil fuel in our mouth as you choke and gag and spit it out? Do you still hear his voice in your head urging you to eat? Eat, eat eat. Your mother's cries. Do you hear them? You should be Bruce. Because I know that it's never left you alone. Now you can eat what you want to eat. For me, for you, for all the others. Now you can consume to your heart's content or your soul's destruction, whichever comes first. So eat.
David Crockett|... A man's wife can hold him devilish uneasy, if she begins to scold and fret, and perplex him, at a time when he has a full load for a railroad car on his mind already.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|The second the door closed after him Laire started jumping, a huge smile on her face and her body shaking in repressed excitement. “I’ll go, I’ll go, I’ll go. You don’t even like the Oracle. Let me.”Before the first words were out of Laire’s mouth, Fallon started to shake her head, and as soon as the green-haired woman took a breath, Fallon used it as her opportunity to say, “No way.”“Please please please.”“Let me rephrase. No way in hell.”Laire stopped jumping, a small pout coming to her lips. How she had been able to prevent an ankle fracture while jumping on those spikes, Larissa would never know. “Why not?”“Because if they have an orgy going on, you’ll want to join. And if they don’t have an orgy going on, you’ll want to start one. I’ll take Aislynn with me.
Chloe Thurlow, The Fifty Shades of Grey Phenomena|Ignore people who say you can't do it, even if this person is yourself.
Richard O'Connor, PhD|We judge ourselves by our intentions but others by their actions. We tend to think other people's mistakes are caused by character flaws while our mistakes are due to situational factors. "I had a headache on the day of the examine, but he's not very smart." Then we have the opposite. Our good behavior is attributable to fundamental traits while other people's is temporary and situational. "I'm returning this wallet to lost and found because I'm a moral and ethical person. Others do so only if they're seen picking it up."Thus we own our strengths and disavow our weaknesses. This is a big obstetrical to overcoming self-destruction behavior, it justifies all our attempts to deny or put off our need to change and rationalizes the consequences of our actions.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|All I wanted was my art and the chance to be the creator of my own world, my own reality.
Hilary Scharper|Your growing antlers,' Bambi continued, 'are proof of your intimate place in the forest, for of all the things that live and grow only the trees and the deer shed their foliage each year and replace it more strongly, more magnificently, in the spring. Each year the trees grow larger and put on more leaves. And so you too increase in size and wear a larger, stronger crown.
Leon Trotsky|Let us not listen to those who think we ought to be angry with our enemies, and who believe this to be great and manly. Nothing is so praiseworthy, nothing so clearly shows a great and noble soul, as clemency and readiness to forgive.
David Levithan, You Know Me Well|I mean , I never even had to really come out to my parents. They always knew, and it was always okay. Or not even okay, better than that. Not something that had to be evaluated at all. It just was. Like having brown hair.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I am, for some reason, actually happy with who I am and the muscle, the bones, and the flub that exist beneath these clothes.I don’t need to lose 20 lbs. to be attractive.I don’t need to starve myself of the good things of life to be healthy.And, I don’t need to chase someone else’s ideal of what I should be looking like.
Jodi Picoult, Second Glance|Tragedy is the driver of innovation, forcing man to move on and overcome the bonds which hold us back through the ever-present fear.
Bjork|January is the garbage can of movies in America, directly after all the Oscar contenders have been out.
Lynne Rae Perkins, Criss Cross|And if I sit in that room at the top of the house and I think about my life and if I shut my eyes from time to time and imagine being warm in the summer and I hear the bees buzzing and for a moment I truly am Alice in Wonderland, do you have the heart to tell me I am not?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Those who are different, also have a tendency to think differently.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The Queen's Pride was his ship, and he loved her. (That was the way his sentences always went: It is raining today and I love you. My cold is better and I love you. Say hello to Horse and I love you. Like that.)
Graham Kerr, Flash of Silver: ...the Leap That Changed My World|It is described by some as a moment when the world stops moving...it did just that for me. I knew before she said one word or made a single movement, that our lives would begin to dissolve into each other...we would never part again. This was not love at first sight, but rather second. I had fallen in love at eleven; now I was twenty and now all things were possible.
Catherine Helen Spence|One who comes to the Court must come to adore, not to protest. That's the new gloss on the 1st Amendment.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sometimes what may appear as unfair, may actually be a huge favor from the Universe, pushing you in the right direction to live your dreams.
V.E. Schwab, V.E. Schwab 3 Books Collection Set|«This is why I run.»Because caring was a thing with claws. It sank them in, and didn't let go. Caring hurt more than a knife to the leg, more than a few broken ribs, more than anything that bled or broke and healed again. Caring didn't break you clean. It was a bone that didn't set, a cut that wouldn't close.It was better not to care - Lila tried not to care - but, sometimes, people got in. Like a knife against armor, they found the cracks, slid past the guard, and you didn't know how deep they were buried until they were gone and you were bleeding on the floor. And it wasn't fair.
George Fox, The Journal of George Fox|Sing and rejoice ye children of the day and the light; for the Lord is at work in this thick night of darkness that may be felt: and the Truth doth flourish as the rose, and lilies do grow among the thorns and the plants atop the hills, and upon them the lambs doth skip and play.
Henri Frederic Amiel|I have never known Frances to complain once of my Church responsibilities. I have been gone many days and many nights, and I have rarely been able to sit with her in the congregation. But there is no one like her - absolutely no one. She is in every way supportive and is a woman of quiet and profoundly powerful faith.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|HE LOOKS AT ME AND TELLS ME IM AGGRESSIVE, HE'S OBSERVING ME. "-CRUSH
Mario Batali|Almost certainly, however, the first essential component of social justice is adequate food for all mankind.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Create your own path.Don't blindly follow the massess... because most of the time the "M" is silent.
Theresa May|Travel in all the four quarters of the earth, yet you will find nothing anywhere. Whatever there is, is only here.
Holly Hood, Polar|I rolled my eyes, trying to keep my eyes off his body, just the sight of his abs or arms was enough to make me want to get naked and let Carlo take over anything he wanted.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|If you ever pull a switcheroo like that again, Dee, I’m going to offer your boyfriend ten thousand dollars to make out with Alice for two minutes.
Helen Grant, The Vanishing of Katharina Linden|He could not shake the feeling - reportedly common among ghosts - that it was not he but those he haunted whose lives were devoid of matter, sense, future.
Miranda Lambert|I've been lucky enough - well, maybe unlucky enough - to have had a lot of friends who have had their ups and downs. And for an actor, that's good. Life experience in any regard is good. So I've seen a lot and I've had my own experiences.
Coriander Woodruff, Strange Tales of Floyd County, VA|I personally think humans have got about as far as we can go. We're wrecking the planet. We're never short of good reasons to massacre each other. Wrong god. Wrong race. Wrong color. Wrong sex. I'm actually quite surprised a thoroughly pissed-off History hasn't waved a flaming sword and we're all back in caves in the snow, chewing on half-cooked mammoth. And even that's more than we deserve.No wonder we still can't get to Mars. I suspect the Universe is making damned sure we don't get the chance to contaminate other planets with our stupidity. It's keeping us on this one where the only thing we can damage is each other.
Jeremy Clarkson|Instead of five hundred thousand average algebra teachers, we need one good algebra teacher. We need that teacher to create software, videotape themselves, answer questions, let your computer or the iPad teach algebra... The hallmark of any good technology is that it destroys jobs.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|... Because the writer resented that she had turned to me I became the handsome and dazed narrator, incapable of love or kindness. That's how I became the damaged party boy who wandered through the wreckage, blood streaming from his nose, asking questions that never required answers. That's how I became the boy who never understood how anything worked. That's how I became the boy who wouldn't save a friend. That's how I became the boy who couldn't love the girl.
John Green|What are the gifts given to we who live Below?""Long life, health, strength, and happiness.""What is the curse of those who live Above?""Short life, illness, weakness, and misery.""Is this fair?""It is fair. It is as the gods decreed at the time of the Divide. Some have to stay Above so that humanity might survive Below.""Then give thanks.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|German is a much more precise language than English. Americans throw the word love around for everything: I love my wife! I love all my friends! I love rock music! I love the rain! I love comic books! I love peanut butter! The word you use to describe your feelings for your wife should not be the same word you use to describe your feelings for peanut butter. In German, there are a dozen different words that describe varying degrees of liking something a lot. Germans almost never use the word love, unless they mean a deep romantic love. I have never told my parents I love them, because it would sound melodramatic, inappropriate, and almost incestuous. In German, you tell your mother that you hold her very dear, not that you are in love with her.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone empowers themselves with power of their love, there will be only happiness and no war.
George Orwell, I Have Tried to Tell the Truth: 1943-1944|A writer inevitably - and less directly this applies to all the arts - about contemporary events, and his impulse is to tell what he believes to be truth. But no government, no big organisation, will pay for the truth.
Elsa Tamez|‎God remains silent so that men and women may speak, protest, and struggle. God remains silent so that people may really become people. When God is silent and men and women cry, God cries in solidarity with them but doesn't intervene. God waits for the shouts of protest.
George F. Will, One Man's America: The Pleasures and Provocations of Our Singular Nation|The hell of it is, I know the answer. The answer is that you never, ever, rely on another person for your peace of mind. If you do, you're screwed but good. Not right away, maybe, but sooner or later. You have to -- I don't know --you have to learn to live with yourself. You have to learn to turn back your own sheets and set a table for one without feeling pathetic. You have to be strong and confident and pleased with yourself and never give the slightest impression that you can't hack it without that certain goddamn someone. You have to fake the hell out of it.
Alfred Hitchcock|We're going balls to the wall, guys. Our sneak-and-peak just turned into a hostage rescue
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness at Work: Meditations for Accomplishment, Achievement, and Peace|Every time we forget to breathe or our minds wander or we’re hijacked by feelings or sensations, we gently bring ourselves back to the breath, again and again.
Mahatma Gandhi, Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule|And yet he was in the right! They were wrong and he was right. The obvious, the silly, and the true had got to be defended. Truisms are true, hold on to that! The solid world exists, its laws do not change. Stones are hard, water is wet, objects unsupported fall towards the earth’s centre.
Bill Loguidice|And listening to all the things they would do if they had these things, Wang Lung heard only of how much they would eat and sleep, and of what dainties they would eat that they had never tasted,and how they would gamble in this great tea shop and in that, and what pretty women they would buy for their lust, and above all, how none would ever work again, even as they rich man behind the wall never worked.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|I once knew of a minstrel who bragged of having had a thousand women, one time each. He would never know what I knew, that to have one woman a thousand times, and each time find in her a different delight, is far better. I knew now what gleamed in the eyes of old couples when they stared at each other across a room...My familiarity with her was a more potent love elixir than any potion sold by a hedge-witch in the market.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|We are all one. Only egos, beliefs, and fears separate us.
Bernhard Langer|God expects from men something more than at such times, and that it were much to be wished for the credit of their religion as well as the satisfaction of their conscience that their Easter devotions would in some measure come up to their Easter dress.
Ace Antonio Hall|If your students aren't learning, then maybe you're not teaching.
Eve Chase, Black Rabbit Hall|I think adults must get sort of worn away over time, like rocks out at sea, but remain who they are, just slower and grayer with those funny vertical wrinkles in front of their ears. But the young are a different shape from one week to the next. To know us is to run alongside us, like someone trying to shout through the window of a moving train.
Steven L. Sheppard, The Untold Story Of Narcissus And Echo|For us the chief point of interest is the place where the game is played. Generally it is a simple circle, dyutamandalam, drawn on the ground. The circle as such, however, has a magic significance. It is drawn with great care, all sorts of precautions being taken against cheating. The players are not allowed to leave the ring until they have discharged their obligations. But, sometimes a special hall is provisionally erected for the game, and this hall is holy ground. The Mahabharata devotes a whole chapter to the erection of the dicing hall - sabha - where the Pandavas are to meet their prtners. Games, of chance, therefore, have their serious side. They are included in ritual.
Christopher Hitchens|The lawbreaking itch is not always an anarchic one. In the first place, the human personality has (or ought to have) a natural resistance to coercion. We don't like to be pushed and shoved, even if it's in a direction we might choose to go. In the second place, the human personality has (or ought to have) a natural sense of the preposterous. Thus, just behind my apartment building in Washington there is an official sign saying, Drug-Free Zone. I think this comic inscription may be done because it's close to a schoolyard. And a few years back, one of our suburbs announced by a municipal ordinance that it was a "nuclear-free zone." I don't wish to break the first law, though if I did wish to do so it would take me, or any other local resident, no more than one phone call and a ten-minute wait. I did, at least for a while, pine to break the "nuclear-free" regulation, on grounds of absurdity alone, but eventually decided that it would be too much trouble.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Understand something people, we will be hated by many in the name of Christ, ridiculed, mocked, stoned, slaughtered. We will be fined, jailed and killed for our love for Christ. You are supposed to see better with your eyes today, how close this is happening, just prepare your heart and soul to be braver than Peter and not deny Christ in the moment your life might be in jeopardy for Him and what you believe. Apostle Pauls says to live is Christ to die is gain.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Devil on the Cross|As she stared at them, Waringa noted that their skins were indeed red, like that of pigs or like the skin of a black person who has been scalded with boiling water or who has burned himself with acid creams. Even the hair in their arms and necks stood out stiff and straight like the bristle of an aging hog.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Remember:It’s all in your head… all of it.If you don’t like the story, change it.If the people around don’t accept your new story; change them.
Robert G. Ingersoll|In the tired hand of a dying man, Theodore Senior had written: "The 'Machine politicians' have shown their colors... I feel sorry for the country however as it shows the power of partisan politicians who think of nothing higher than their own interests, and I feel for your future. We cannot stand so corrupt a government for any great length of time.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|The burning point of paper was the moment where I knew that I would have to remember this. Because people would have to remember books, if other people burn them or forget them. We will commit them to memory. We will be come them. We become authors. We become their books.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|At the heart of good communication, is not the process of talking, but that of listening. The first step to improve your listening skills is to stop talking. It is very difficult to talk and listen at the same time.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|Haida stopped and glanced at the clock on the wall. Then he looked at Tsukuru. He was, of course, Haida the son, but Haida the father has been the same age in his story, and so the two of them began to overlap in Tsukuru's mind. It was an odd sensation, as if the two distinct temporalities had blended into one. Maybe it wasn't the father who had experienced this, but the son. Maybe Haida was just relating it as if his father had experienced it, when in reality he was the one who had. Tsukuru couldn't shake this illusion.
DreamingYou|Well, love exists even you are muted and one another is blind
O. Henry, The Gift of the Magi|Life is a gift and it is what you make it. Yet, it does have many twist and turns, many lows as well as high moments. Keep the fire of hope alive, even in the darkest of time.
Erin M. Truesdale, Breaking Away|Truly competent Literary Detectives are as rare as truthful men, Mr. Tweed -- you can see her potential as clearly as I can. Frightened of someone stealing your thunder, perhaps?
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|She lost much of her appetite. At night, an invisible hand kept shaking her awake every few hours. Grief was physiological, a disturbance of the blood. Sometimes a whole minute would pass in nameless dread - the bedside clock ticking, the blue moonlight coating the window like glue - before she`d remember the brutal fact that had caused it.
Deyth Banger|When something serious happens in your life, something bad comes out of it but also something good. You get to see who is real. Who your true friends are, and who truly loves you. ﻿
Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie|Phrases like 'the team spirit' are always employed to cut across individualism, love and personal loyalties.
Shimon Peres|We all lose somebody we care about and want to find some comforting way of dealing with it, something that will give us a little closure, a little peace.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|From the moment I met you, your personality had the most extraordinary influence over me. I was dominated, soul brain and power.
Marilyn Pappano, Passion to Die For|I’m married, honey. My social life consists of work, church, taxiing the kids around and trying to schedule sex with my husband at least once a month.
Adam Grant|Practice makes perfect, but it doesn’t make new. The gifted learn to play magnificent Mozart melodies and beautiful Beethoven symphonies, but never compose their own original scores.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Dear God. She ached, wanting something that she knew was a sin.Wanting a man who was sin itself.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
Richard L.  Ratliff|I'd keep your beauty timeless. like a flower pressed in a book, yesI wouldn't let it fade Folded in the chapters of my mind
Eric Ries, The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses|Business success requires business preparation. You don't have to be a master tactician, but you do need to have a plan in place. This plan will act as a foundation for everything you want to achieve.
Lionel Suggs|...Ah, but the Moon my Love is jealous, and can you blame him? You outshine him with your virtues...
Joshua Bell|Stradivarius, in particular, was the most amazing craftsman and one of the great artists and scientists that ever lived because he figured out something with the sound and the science of acoustics that we still don't understand it completely.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|You stupid, conceited fool! You know nothing! You're like a child, blind to everything but its own empty stomach! Well, grow up, Carl, and join the real world. Until you do, for God's sake leave me be!
Bruce Sterling, Love is Strange|I remember a time where Trolls were a fictitious monster from fairy tales, not arseholes on the internet looking for attention.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Always remember that you cannot learn lessons for others, no matter how much you think you know. Your experiences were meant for you to learn certain lessons and work through your own spiritual issues or rewards. They should have the same opportunity as you. Share your experience and explain what you went through and what you did to deal with it. But don’t tell them they have to do the same things you did.
Robert A. Caro, Means of Ascent|This is the lesson: never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small,large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force;never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Harvey Stanbrough|When my children complain that I'm forgetful, I remind them that DAD is just ADD spelled sideways.
Fulton J. Sheen|Writing is my passion. It’s in my blood like a talent is. Like dancing, or singing, or drawing, I write. I can never stop writing. It helps me to express everything I’m afraid to talk about out loud when I need to say it the most. It’s my pacifier in a way...
Alanea Alder, My Guardian|How do you poop? Where does it go? If you get more prestigious as you go down, aren't you shitting on the upper classes?
Andre Averbug, The Drifting Self: A Novella|Each person has to face this challenge – you must search inside yourself. The props – surroundings, interactions, rituals, customs and superstitions – are just palliatives. You have to achieve your balance on your own; it has to come from the self. Once you get there, you can afford the luxury of lavishing your life with the pleasures of your drifting journey.
Roger Sessions|When you stop talking, you've lost your customer. When you turn your back, you've lost her.
David McCullough, Mornings on Horseback: The Story of an Extraordinary Family, a Vanished Way of Life, and the Unique Child Who Became Theodore Roosevelt|To his own children he was at once the ultimate voice of authority and, when time allowed, their most exuberant companion. He never fired their imaginations or made them laugh as their mother could, but he was unfailingly interested in them, sympathetic, confiding, entering into their lives in ways few fathers ever do. It was a though he was in league with them.
Kemi Sogunle|If you keep focusing on what people have to say or will say about you, you will lose focus of what God has called you to do. Never let distractions bother you...if you do, you will only be giving your energy to an unworthy cause.
Tony Schwartz|Let go of certainty. The opposite isn't uncertainty. It's openness, curiosity and a willingness to embrace paradox, rather than choose up sides. The ultimate challenge is to accept ourselves exactly as we are, but never stop trying to learn and grow.
Adam Carolla|My feeling is this whole country is founded on the principle of 'if you are not hurting anyone, and you're not fucking with someone else's shit, and you are paying your taxes, you should be able to just do what you want to do.' It's the freedom and the independence.
Don DeLillo, The Body Artist|Why shouldn't his death bring you into some total scandal of garment-rending grief? Why should you accommodate his death? Or surrender to it in thin-lipped tasteful bereavement? Why give him up if you can walk along the hall and find a way to place him within reach?Sink lower, she thought. Let it bring you down. Go where it takes you.
John Keats|The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|Many people tried comforting us with words. But there are no consoling words! I really just wanted people to be quiet. I appreciated those who cried with me, hugged me, and offered a brief prayer, but words were unnecessary.
Bill Maher, New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer|You could move.' ---"Dear Abby" responds to a reader who complained that a gay couple was moving in across the street and wanted to know what he could do to improve the quality of the neighborhood.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|We are what we are. Nothing more, nothing less. There is good and evil among every kind of people. It's the evil among us who rule now.
Sara Walter Ellwood, Gambling on a Secret|I stumbled away. I pressed the back of my hand to my mouth and just looked athim. "What was that?"His chest rose and fell heavily. "A kiss.""Why?""Why?" He laughed. His blue eyes suddenly looked so sad. "Because I've wanted to do that for twenty years.
J.M. Redmann, Deaths of Jocasta|He turned around, suddenly concerned. "Are you pregnant? Are you gay? I'd rather you were gay than pregnant. Unless you're pregnant. Then we'll deal. Whatever it is, we'll deal. Are you pregnant?
R.C. Sproul, The Prayer of the Lord|Prayer does change things, all kinds of things. But the most important thing it changes is us. As we engage in this communion with God more deeply and come to know the One with whom we are speaking more intimately, that growing knowledge of God reveals to us all the more brilliantly who we are and our need to change in conformity to Him. Prayer changes us profoundly.
Jayleigh Cape|A wealth of experience and wisdom doesn't have to be a dead giveaway to your increasing years. The spin you put on it is what will keep you young. Don't let it make you bitter. Learn from it, and let it make you better.
Abigail Adams|We may think there is willpower involved, but more likely... change is due to want power. Wanting the new addiction more than the old one. Wanting the new me in preference to the person I am now.
Lauren DeStefano, Wither|Jenna, standing in the doorway with her mouth and hand full of shelled pistachios, says, '"Real' is a dirty word in this place'.
Kamand Kojouri|A poetess is not as selfishas you assume.After months of agonising over her marriage of words—the bride—and spaces—the groom,she knows that as soonas she has penned the poem,it’s yours to consume.So, without giving it a think,she blows on the inkand the letters fly awaylike dandelions on a windy day,landing on hands and lips, on hearts and hips.But more often than not,you can easily spotthem trodden and forgotten,becoming sodden and rotten.Yet, she will continue to makewhat’s others to takebecause selfishness is not the mark of a poetess.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|Her endeavor was misguided and wrong and maybe plain crazy, akin to someone waking up one day and deciding he’s going to scale Kilimanjaro because he can’t stop imagining the view from the top, the picture so arresting and beautiful that it too soon delivers him to a precarious ledge, where he can no longer turn back. And while it’s easy to say this is a situation to be avoided, isn’t this what we also fear and crave simultaneously, that some internal force which defies understanding might remake us into the people we dream we are?
Cristina M. Sburlea, 19/21|If I am going to be a monster, the least I could do is be well fed!
Dennis Kelly, DNA|I was covered in gore, dripping in slime, and in a very bad mood.
Mary Karr, Lit|Tomorrow! How sweet its prospects for a drunkard the night before. There is no better word. Before the earth hurls itself into sunshine, nothing is not possible.
Aditya Chakrabortty|best practices are useful reference points, but they must come with a warning label : The more you rely on external intelligence, the less you will value an internal idea. And this is the age of the idea
Tracy Winegar, Good Ground|I do,” Drew admitted, his eyes devouring my body appreciatively. “But with you…I want so much more, Summer. So much more than you’re willing to give me.” He paused, “Every single touch, every single look you give me, I cherish.
Walter Scott|And perhaps we have reason to be very grateful that, both as children and long afterwards, we are never allowed to guess how the absorbing pursuit of the moment will appear, not only to others, but to ourselves, a very short time hence.
Henry David Thoreau, The Journal, 1837-1861|This afternoon, being on Fair Haven Hill, I heard the sound of a saw, and soon after from the Cliff saw two men sawing down a noble pine beneath, about forty rods off. I resolved to watch it till it fell, the last of a dozen or more which were left when the forest was cut and for fifteen years have waved in solitary majesty over the sprout-land. I saw them like beavers or insects gnawing at the trunk of this noble tree, the diminutive manikins with their cross-cut saw which could scarcely span it. It towered up a hundred feet as I afterward found by measurement, one of the tallest probably in the township and straight as an arrow, but slanting a little toward the hillside, its top seen against the frozen river and the hills of Conantum. I watch closely to see when it begins to move. Now the sawers stop, and with an axe open it a little on the side toward which it leans, that it may break the faster. And now their saw goes again. Now surely it is going; it is inclined one quarter of the quadrant, and, breathless, I expect its crashing fall. But no, I was mistaken; it has not moved an inch; it stands at the same angle as at first. It is fifteen minutes yet to its fall. Still its branches wave in the wind, as it were destined to stand for a century, and the wind soughs through its needles as of yore; it is still a forest tree, the most majestic tree that waves over Musketaquid. The silvery sheen of the sunlight is reflected from its needles; it still affords an inaccessible crotch for the squirrel’s nest; not a lichen has forsaken its mast-like stem, its raking mast,—the hill is the hulk. Now, now’s the moment! The manikins at its base are fleeing from their crime. They have dropped the guilty saw and axe. How slowly and majestic it starts! as it were only swayed by a summer breeze, and would return without a sigh to its location in the air. And now it fans the hillside with its fall, and it lies down to its bed in the valley, from which it is never to rise, as softly as a feather, folding its green mantle about it like a warrior, as if, tired of standing, it embraced the earth with silent joy, returning its elements to the dust again. But hark! there you only saw, but did not hear. There now comes up a deafening crash to these rocks , advertising you that even trees do not die without a groan. It rushes to embrace the earth, and mingle its elements with the dust. And now all is still once more and forever, both to eye and ear.I went down and measured it. It was about four feet in diameter where it was sawed, about one hundred feet long. Before I had reached it the axemen had already divested it of its branches. Its gracefully spreading top was a perfect wreck on the hillside as if it had been made of glass, and the tender cones of one year’s growth upon its summit appealed in vain and too late to the mercy of the chopper. Already he has measured it with his axe, and marked off the mill-logs it will make. And the space it occupied in upper air is vacant for the next two centuries. It is lumber. He has laid waste the air. When the fish hawk in the spring revisits the banks of the Musketaquid, he will circle in vain to find his accustomed perch, and the hen-hawk will mourn for the pines lofty enough to protect her brood. A plant which it has taken two centuries to perfect, rising by slow stages into the heavens, has this afternoon ceased to exist. Its sapling top had expanded to this January thaw as the forerunner of summers to come. Why does not the village bell sound a knell? I hear no knell tolled. I see no procession of mourners in the streets, or the woodland aisles. The squirrel has leaped to another tree; the hawk has circled further off, and has now settled upon a new eyrie, but the woodman is preparing [to] lay his axe at the root of that also.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|I'm trying to remember how you tell the time by looking at the sun." -"I should leave it for a while, it's too bright to see the numbers at the moment.
Jason Miller, Down Don't Bother Me|His voice was soft but deep, and it sounded like history.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Fate|It is worse than useless to do things halfway Bee, for then you think the work is done, but someone must come behind you later to do it all over again. Even if you must work much harder and get less done, it is better to do the whole task the first time.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Stories are like spiders, with all they long legs, and stories are like spiderwebs, which man gets himself all tangled up in but which look pretty when you see them under a leaf in the morning dew, and in the elegant way that they connect to one another, each to each.
Arthur Schopenhauer|If you want to save your time, learn to be focused on your purpose to the utmost.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Natural selection is not only a parsimonious, plausible and elegant solution; it is the only workable alternative to chance that has ever been suggested. Intelligent design suffers from exactly the same objection as chance. It is simply not a plausible solution to the riddle of statistical improbability. And the higher the improbability, the more implausible intelligent design becomes. Seen clearly, intelligent design will turn out to be a redoubling of the problem. Once again, this is because the designer himself (/herself/itself) immediately raises the bigger problem of his own origin. Any entity capable of intelligently designing something as improbable as a Dutchman's Pipe (or a universe) would have to be even more improbable than a Dutchman's Pipe. Far from terminating the vicious regress, God aggravates it with a vengeance.
Mary Roach|Mind you, I've always been a very off-message type of fat broad; one who gladly admits she reached the size she is now solely through lack of discipline and love of pleasure, and who rather despises people (except those with proven medical conditions) who pretend that it is generally otherwise.
Nick Flynn, The Reenactments|OUT of that moment Jesus was nailed to his cross flowed our attempts to represent it, to create a narrative that could contain it. Yet the body, hanging there, is still, simply, terrible. Caravaggio’s genius was to paint Jesus with dirty feet, to bring him back down to earth.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|Authentic joy is not a euphoric state or a feeling of being high. Rather, it is a state of appreciation that allows us to participate fully in our lives. We train in rejoicing in the good fortune of self and others.
Roshan Sharma|What do you fear when you fear everything? Time passing and not passing. Death and life. I could say my lungs never filled with enough air, no matter how many puffs of my inhaler I took. Or that my thoughts moved too quickly to complete, severed by a perpetual vigilance. But even to say this would abet the lie that terror can be described, when anyone who's ever known it knows that it has no components but is instead everywhere inside you all the time, until you recognize yourself only by the tensions that string one minute to the next. And yet I keep lying, by describing, because how else can I avoid this second, and the one after it? This being the condition itself: the relentless need to escape a moment that never ends.
Terry Pratchett|Medicine is a golden goose that has to be killed because every time the goose lays a golden egg, someone gets sick or dead.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|When we no longer have the strength to keep on walking, God will carry us. His strength is enough for you and I.
Tahereh Mafi|Because it's kind of great, being an idea that everybody likes. But I could never be the idea to myself, not all the way. And Agloe is a place where a paper creation became real. A dot on the map became a real place, more real than the people who created the dot could never have imagined. I thought maybe the paper cutout of a girl could start becoming real here also. And it seemed like a way to tell that paper girl who cared about popularity and clothes and everything else: 'You are going to the paper towns. And you are never coming back.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|How is Angeline?" asked Dimitri. "Is she improving?"Eddie and I exchanged glances. So much for avoiding her indiscretions. "improving how exactly?" I asked. "Improving how exactly?" I asked. "In combat, in following the dress code, or in keeping her hands to herself?" "Or in turning off caps lock?" added Eddie. "you noticed that too?"I asked. "Hard not to," he said.Dimitri looked surprised, which was not a common thing. He wasn't caught off guard very often, but then, no one could really prepare for what Angeline might do. "I didn't realize I needed to be more specific," said Dimitri after a pause. "I meant combat.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Forget all the formal decency of tolerance, and simply love your fellow humans. And the Self within you shall attain the highest pedestal of greatness, way higher than all the book-learned preachers in the world.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Associated with this inner conflict is a tendency to become hypercritical: unhappy souls almost always blame everyone but themselves for their miseries. Shut up within themselves, they are necessarily shut off from all others except to criticize them. Since the essence of sin is opposition to God’s will, it follows that the sin of one individual is bound to oppose any other individual whose will is in harmony with God’s will. This resulting estrangement from one’s fellow man is intensified when one begins to live solely for this world, then the possessions of the neighbor are regarded as something unjustly taken from oneself. Once the material becomes the goal of life, a society of conflicts is born.
Ravi Ranjan Goswami|Without speaking, one can win the trust of a person by one's conduct
F.K. Preston, The Artist, The Audience and a Man Called Nothing|If my life was pulled into the pages of a book, there would be coffee stains and wrinkles along the lines of that narrative. Because all I can wish is that the book of my life would be well read and well loved. Living within words and the sound of writing.
Stephen Crane|We don’t vanish without a trace. We are not like animals, content with burrows in the ground. We are not very skilled at survival without clothing or tools. Our feet are soft, our skin is easily cooled, and our stomachs are too weak to drink water straight from a stream. We must create in order to survive. We build cities, aqueducts, and shields, for we must in order to have an edge over the beasts of the field. And so, wherever humans have tread their covered feet, their path never vanishes without a trace.
Bernd Heinrich, The Homing Instinct: Meaning and Mystery in Animal Migration|There is a period near the beginning of every man's life when he has little to cling to except his unmanageable dreams, little to support him except good health, and nowhere to go but all over the place by E. B. White
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Self-criticism and negative thoughts about yourself will attract people who reflect this back to you, showing critical behavior and can abuse you physically.
Bashō Matsuo|Not knowing the name of the tree,I stood in the floodof its sweet scent.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Breathing in, let golden light come into you through your head, because it is there that the Golden Flower is waiting. That golden light will help. It will cleanse your whole body and will make it absolutely full of creativity. This is male energy. Then when you exhale, let darkness, the darkest you can conceive, like a dark night, river-like, come from your toes upwards—this is feminine energy: it will soothe you, it will make you receptive, it will calm you, it will give you rest—and let it go out of the head. Then inhale again, and golden light enters in.
Geoff Mulgan|It's almost a blessing when we meet people who naturally want to do the sort of things that are in high demand in society. What a gift to do that, as opposed to other people who would say, 'I want to be a novelist but actually I have to be an accountant.'
Ben Okri|Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.
Eva Scoutt, The Intern|I grow everyday, and with me, my love too.
Kate DiCamillo, Flora and Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures|Nothingwould beeasier withoutyou,because youare everything,all of it-sprinkles, quarks, giantdonuts, eggs sunny-side up-youare the ever-expandinguniverseto me.
John Wesley Powell|It's very important that we re-learn the art of resting and relaxing. Not only does it help prevent the onset of many illnesses that develop through chronic tension and worrying; it allows us to clear our minds, focus, and find creative solutions to problems.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|When we know our values, we can easily measure whether or not our actions are in accordance with them. Values are the measuring sticks with which we determine the worthiness of our actions. To be better associated with one's own values is to remove a lot of the needless activities of daily life.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|Norman picked up a sketch, glanced at it, then put it back down on the table. "I saw Bea Williamson this morning," he said in a low voice. "Lurking about looking for cut glass." "Oh, of course," Mira said with a sigh. "Did she have it with her?" Norman nodded solemnly. "Yep. I swear, I think it's almost gotten ... bigger." Mira shook her head. "Not possible." "I'm serious," Norman said. "It's way big." I kept waiting for someone to expand on this, but since neither of them seemed about to, I asked, "What are you talking about?" They looked at each other. Then, Mira took a breath. "Bea Williamson's baby," she said quietly, as if someone could hear us, "has the biggest head you have ever seen." Norman nodded, seconding this. "A baby?" I said. "A big-headed baby," Mira corrected me. "You should see the cranium on this kid. It's mind-boggling.
Ann Elizabeth Armstrong, Radical Acts: Theater and Feminist Pedagogies of Change|In looking at our our individual classroom pedagogies and our isolated artistic endeavors, we must broaden the frame of analysis to consider historical, contextual and institutional assumptions. This means a constant awareness of how the micro-practices of interpersonal dialogue and embodied ways of knowing each other can provide an impetus fro structural change.
Adoniram Judson|Age is a terrible avenger. The lessons of life give you so much to work with, but by the time you've got all this great wisdom, you don't get to be young anymore.
Nikita Gill|Trust me, there are things in this mountain that will make your jaw bounce off the floor.
Susanna Kearsley, The Firebird|The capacity for unclouded enjoyment, she thought, does not belong to irresponsible fools; an inviolate peace of spirit is not the achievement of a drifter; to be able to laugh like that is the end result of the most profound, most solemn thinking.
Henry Cloud, Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't|Defensive devaluation is a protective device that makes love bad, trust unimportant and people "no darn good any way". People who have been deeply hurt in their relationships will often devalue love so it doesn't hurt so much. And they often become resigned to never loving again.
Patricia B. Tighe, Life In The No Dating Zone|I wrapped up my food to take home. 'Let's go. We need to discuss your favorite method of dying, because I'm going to kill you. Just so you know.'Claire grinned. 'You're welcome.' ~Gray
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|Sometimes it seemed to him that his life was delicate as a dandelion. One little puff from any direction, and it was blown to bits.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Discipline yourself to be a disciple of great works and to do that excellently, you have to wave "bye-bye" to some things and then switch off your inner person not to go near them again!
Prince|I try to explain to people that the only way to be cool is to be who you truly are, and the only way to live life is to do the things that you want to do and be the person that you want to be no matter who that is or what that is or how you have to do it. That's the only way you can be genuinely happy.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 6|Rule #3 - It's okay to believe yourself better than the rest of the planet, so long as you keep it to yourself.
Steven Rose, The Making of Memory: From Molecules to Mind|If knowledge is not democratized, power can never be.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|It's rare that anyone says what this medical study does, even if in the driest way possible "Being male has been identified as a risk factor for violent criminal behavior in several studies, as have exposure to tobacco smoke before birth, having antisocial parents, and belonging to a poor family". It's not that I want to pick on men. I just think that if we noticed that women are, on the whole, radically less violent, we might be able to theorize where violence come from and what we can do about it a lot more productively. Clearly the ready availability of guns is a huge problem for United States, but despite this availability to everyone, murder is still a crime committed by men 90 percent of the time.
Deyth Banger|I had two or three faced people, I don't like the feature that they are have a lot of faces, what's bad?You never know which face they are using!
Rami Malek|All the goodness I have within me is totally from the Lord alone. When I sin, it is from me and is done on my own, but when I act righteously, it is wholly and completely of God.
Erik Pevernagie|Some details escaped her, but the regret remained with her.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Sometimes one has to know something many times over. Sometimes one forgets, and then remembers. And then forgets, and then remembers. And then forgets again.
Bernadette Devlin McAliskey, The Price of my Soul|Policemen always call me a stupid bitch, and I deny that I'm stupid.
Sam Yagan|Dating is a numbers game. What we try to promise is good first dates. Once that first date happens, it's really up to you.
Kambiz Shabankare|Worries don't motivate us, they reduce our energy and opportunity to shine.
Pierce Brown, Morning Star|Pity is not forgiveness, nor is gratitude absolution.
Georgia O'Keeffe, Georgia O'Keeffe|Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
Marianne Williamson, Everyday Grace: Having Hope, Finding Forgiveness And Making Miracles|The oblivion fear is something else, fear that I won't be able to give anything in exchange for my life. If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.
Katee Sackhoff|I've seen 'Absentia,' which was amazing. I loved 'Absentia.' I loved that for no money, he was able to make a movie about something that you never saw. You never saw the bad guys. That was amazing to me. You never saw what you were supposed to be afraid of; you just knew you were supposed to be afraid of it. It was a phenomenal movie.
Kazim Ali, Our Deep Gossip: Conversations with Gay Writers on Poetry and Desire|The whole world, as we’re coming to understand, is quivering in its place.
Jean Cocteau|The day of my birth, my death began its walk. It is walking toward me, without hurrying.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Naturally resilient! We persevere, stand tall, and fight to the end. We don’t give up! We make moves and succeed. We’re go-getters by nature. We are stronger than most. We are unstoppable! Fearless and confident in our capabilities. WE are Black Girl Strong! #Incomparable
Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur| We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. 
Debbie Mason, The Trouble with Christmas|You smell like you showered in gingerbread," he said, his breath warming her ear."Bite me," she croaked.His low laugh ruffled her hair. "I might just do that. I really, really like gingerbread."At that moment, so did Madison.
Sidney Sheldon, Master of the Game|Business is a game, played for fantastic stakes, and you're in competition with experts. If you want to win, you have to learn to be a master of the game.
Susan C. Young|Recovery is the affirmative outcome you’ll enjoy once you have moved through a setback and arrived on the other side. The sooner you find ways to achieve solutions for recovery, the faster you will regain vitality, hope and well-being.
Chris d'Lacey, The Fire Within|The earth will not continue to offer its harvest, except with faithful stewardship. We cannot say we love the land and then take steps to destroy it for use by future generations.
Edeet Ravel|And yet I was filled with grief. In the beginning of all love there is grief, because at that moment you’re closest to the ghost of parting. You know how easily it could all slip away, how easily it could evaporate into eternal, never-to-be-consummated longing.
Abhijit Naskar|Love and Divinity are both gifts from Nature, fraught with the highest bliss.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|... motherhood is a game you must enter with as much energy, willingness, and happiness as possible.
Edgar Allan Poe|With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.
Kristen Schaal|The World Series is played in my doubtless too-nostalgic imagination in some kind of autumn afternoon light, and seeing it exclusively in the bitter chill of midnight breaks the spell of even the best of games.
Paul Krugman|Now, it’s true that some of the protesters are oddly dressed or have silly-sounding slogans, which is inevitable given the open character of the events. But so what? I, at least, am a lot more offended by the sight of exquisitely tailored plutocrats, who owe their continued wealth to government guarantees, whining that President Obama has said mean things about them than I am by the sight of ragtag young people denouncing consumerism.
Edith Kermit Carow Roosevelt|I think imagination is one of the greatest blessings of life, and while one can lose oneself in a book one can never be thoroughly unhappy.
Friedrich Dürrenmatt, The Assignment|To stop the terrorist, we need to give born to our own terrorist; Ruthless than the enemy.
Charles de Leusse|When people try to rain on your parade,...pee on theirs
Rihanna|At the core of 'Star Trek' is Gene Roddenberry's vision of the future. So much of science-fiction is about a dystopian society with human civilization having crumbled. He had an affirmative, shining, positive view of the future.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Reading is an activity of the imagination, and the imagination in question is not the writer's alone.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Mackenzie, the truth shall set you free and the truth has a name; he's over in the woodshop right now covered in sawdust. Everything is about him. And freedom is a process that happens inside a relationship with him. Then all that stuff you feel churnin' around inside will start to work its way out.
François-René de Chateaubriand, Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe|Life is spent hovering round our tomb. Our various sicknesses are but the winds which carry us more or less near to the haven. … Death is our friend, nevertheless we do not recognise it as such, because it presents itself to us under a mask, and that mask inspires us with terror.
Keith Dowman, The Flight of the Garuda: The Dzogchen Tradition of Tibetan Buddhism|In Dzokchen, compassion is much more than the virtue of loving kindness. Nor does the word compassion in the Dzokchen context denote its English etymological meaning, “suffering together” or “empathy,” although both these meanings may be inferred. Essentially, compassion indicates an open and receptive mind responding spontaneously to the exigencies of an ever-changing field of vibration to sustain the optimal awareness that serves self-and-others’ ultimate desire for liberation and well-being. The conventional meaning of compassion denotes the latter, active part of this definition, and, due to the accretions of Christian connotation, response is limited to specifically virtuous activity. “Responsiveness” defines the origin and cause of selfless activity that can encompass all manner of response. On this nondual Dzokchen path virtue is the effect, not the cause; the ultimate compassionate response is whatever action maximizes Knowledge—loving kindness is the automatic function of Awareness.
John Sculley|If we turn our backs of the Scythians who have provoked us, how shamefully shall we march against the revolted Bactrians; but if we pass Tanais and make the Scythians feel, by dear experience, that we are invincible, not in Asia only, it is not to be doubted but that Europe itself, as well as Asia, will come within the bounds of our conquests.
Sunday Adelaja|You may say you're "anti-status," but if you filled a room with people who said that, they would soon form a status hierarchy based on how anti-status each person claims to be.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You may be the change and light needed by others, to shine on their path.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|the opportunity of sharing the blessings of family and friends keeps reminding us of the wealth of emotions, but, later in life yearning to relive those times, but only to offer the memories, in exchange to what one had or remember when one is reminded.
Dan Rather|I travel around the world, and there are so many beautiful girls, but that's not going to make you a supermodel. You have to have something more than just a pretty face.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Would you like to feel a calm confidence when you walk into a room full of strangers, knowing that you can start new a conversation with anyone?
George Alec Effinger, When Gravity Fails|It was one of those rare times of shared happiness, of perfect contentment. We had a feeling of expectation, that what was already wonderful would only get better and better as time went on. These moments are one of the rarest, most fragile things in the world. You have to seize the day; you have to recall all the rotten, dirty things you endured to earn this peace. You have to remember to enjoy each minute, each hour, because although you may feel like it's going to last forever, the world plans otherwise. You want to be grateful for every precious second, but you simply can't do it. It's not in human nature to live life to the fullest. Haven't your ever noticed that equal amounts of pain and joy are not, in fact, equal in duration? Pain drags on until you wonder if life will ever be bearable again; pleasure, though, once it's reached its peak, fades faster than a trodden gardenia, and your memory searches in vain for the sweet scent.
Aprilynne Pike, Glitter|I close my eyes and press my face into his shirt and howl against him, liquid agony pouring from me. He smooths my hair from my face and continues to murmur, but he never shushes me, never tells me to stop. Never tells me it'll be all right. He knows life too well to believe such lies.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be sure to understand the terms of any contract, before you sign.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|If you don't know the answer to a question, don't guess, don't speculate, don't hypothesize, don't make a joke it by email, tweet, conference call, or at a press conference...Somehow, eventually, the electronic communication surrounding a situation will be made public and clarify and clarify what actually transpired.
Susan C. Young|A diamond’s creation requires immense pressure and intense temperatures to reach its highest potential. Without enduring the adversity and pressure of its environment, the diamond would never become the treasure it was meant to be. May the changes you grow through bring incredible value in helping you forge a remarkable and multi-faceted life.
Sara Pennypacker, Pax|Where has Arnold been?’ I said. ‘... the Westwoods get in the papers.’‘Patting the orphans.’‘Getting homes for the homeless.’‘Legs for the legless.’ She was laughing as she said it.‘Blind dogs,’ I said. ‘Dogs for the blind, that is.’‘Patting blind dogs.’ We both laughed and drank. ‘Getting legs for them.’‘Homes for legless, blind orphan dogs.’ Maybe we were both a little drunk, on bourbon or on the past.
Carl Menger, Principles of Economics|Yes, I know everything can disappear in a flash of light. That doesn’t make anything less valuable.
Dorothy Johnston, The Trojan Dog|What have I kept of Rae Evans from the moment when she half stood behind her desk and held out her hand to shake mine? I think it is the impression of white--white face, white shirt between two halves of a power dark suit. Hers were night colors, and though it was early in the morning, and she was my new boss, it seemed as though the business day had not quite caught up to us, and maybe never would.
James Woolsey|People ask me all the time, 'Are you fed up with reality TV?' At the end of the day, it can affect my career in the sense that the more reality shows there are, the less scripted dramas out there, but I can't ever really knock them. I started on 'Popstars,' which was a reality talent show. I have respect for them.
Aaron Paul|There are signs, I think, that people aren't satisfied by consumerism: that people resent the fact that the most moral decision in their lives is choosing what colour their next car will be.
Sukarno|Just as Jews in the U.S. joined Martin Luther King, I'm sure hundreds of thousands of Jews will join the struggle for civil equality in Israel.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|There is no pretending",Jace said with absolute clarity."I love you,and I will love you until I die,and if there's a life after that,I'll love you then."She caught her breath.He had said it-the words there was no going back from.
Robin Sacredfire|Very often it seems that people assume that by cutting the wings of others, it becomes easier to love them. They know so little about love that end up creating a perception of love that is devilish and demoniacal. And I end with no other choice but to remain single and let them go.
Stephen Sondheim|Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos. 
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|This is going to seem bitter but I don't mean it that way, V., I'm just stating a fact here: you'll only ever call me if I call you first. Have you noticed that? If I call and leave a message you'll call me back, but you will never call me first.And I think that's kind of a horrible thing, V., when you're supposed to be someone's friend. I always come to you. You always say you're my friend but you'll never come to me and I think I have to stop listening to your words, V., and take stock instead of your actions. My friend C. thinks my expectations of friendship are too high but I don't think he's right. Take care, V. I'll miss you.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|In leadership, life and all things it’s far wiser to judge people by their deeds than their speech - their track record rather than their talk” – Rasheed Ogunlaru
Katrina Radke|Independent will is our capacity to act. It gives us the power to transcend our paradigms, to swim upstream, to rewrite our scripts, to act based on principle rather than reacting based on emotion or circumstance.
Thomas Aquinas|I believe that if you don't derive a deep sense of purpose from what you do, if you don't come radiantly alive several times a day, if you don't feel deeply grateful at the tremendous good fortune that has been bestowed on you, then you are wasting your life. And life is too short to waste.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Cling, therefore, to this sound and wholesome plan of life; indulge the body just so far as suffices for good health. ... Your food should appease your hunger, your drink quench your thirst, your clothing keep out the cold, your house be a protection against inclement weather. It makes no difference whether it is built of turf or variegated marble imported from another country: what you have to understand is that thatch makes a person just as good a roof as gold.
Joe Jordan|Like the three points in a triangle, knowing your value, maintaining your value, and getting compensated for your value are essential in building professional stability and longevity. If the compensation or the opportunity sounds too good to be true — it probably is. Sooner or later, reality prevails over rhetoric.
Susan Wiggs, Hotel Angeline: A Novel in 36 Voices|It isn’t fair, but maybe that’s the whole point. Fairness has no part in real life, and she took that lesson away from the Hotel Angeline with her.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Follow your heart, not the latest headlines.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|Listen to your heart, it will guide you on the right path.
Rick Rubin|Once players have my trust, they have it.
Kate Winslet|I never expected anyone to take care of me, but in my wildest dreams and juvenile yearnings, I wanted the house with the picket fence from June Allyson movies. I knew that was yearning like one yearns to fly.
Edward Claflin|Like the Pied Piper, the street entertainer carries his own mystique which cannot easily be transferred to the stage. He seems to have escaped reality, to perform in a time and space where he doesn't necessarily belong.
Hal Sparks|I think you can totally be a totally normal kid from the suburbs of Chicago and go off and play shows. It's one of those things that when you go home, you're still the nerd you were when you left, and your parents still get to yell at you about cleaning up your room, and your girlfriend still drags you to the pet store.
Debasish Mridha|When I am ready for the opportunity, I get lucky.
Kin Hubbard|Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war that we know about peace, more about killing that we know about living.
Amit Kalantri|Improvement is not enough, you also need innovation.
Guy de Maupassant, Le Horla et autres contes fantastiques|How fathomless the mystery of the Unseen is! We cannot plumb its depths with our feeble senses - with eyes which cannot see the infinitely small or the infinitely great, nor anything too close or too distant, such as the beings who live on a star or the creatures which live in a drop of water... with ears that deceive us by converting vibrations of the air into tones that we can hear, for they are sprites which miraculously change movement into sound, a metamorphosis which gives birth to harmonies which turn the silent agitation of nature into song... with our sense of smell, which is poorer than any dog's... with our sense of taste, which is barely capable of detecting the age of a wine!Ah! If we had other senses which would work other miracles for us, how many more things would we not discover around us!
Keith  Miller, The Book of Flying|We never look at the grass, though it is ubiquitous. If it's left alone to shake its hair loose it will produce tiny tassels and flowers, miniature and beautiful, that I'd never noticed before. Beauty is so often size and commotion for us, and fancy labels, that the subterfuge of loveliness all around us goes unseen.
Erin Kellison, Scrape|His dad's eyes were getting darker. "How bad is it really?"	Very bad. Too many fronts to fight.	Bur for starters...	"That big storm out east?" Jordan and Rook had gone to investigate... "That's the Sandman in the waking world."	His dad frowned deeply. He shook his head and shrugged. "I don't know what that means."	Yeah, well... "Neither do we.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Suffering and pain are always obligatory for a broad consciousness and a deep heart. Truly great men I think, must feel great sorrow in this world.
Nikki Reed|My biggest pet peeve is when you go to a fine restaurant, and it's like a mausoleum inside. Good food should be joyful. There should be laughter and chatter, not people sitting there like they're in a funeral-parlor waiting room.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|An open mind, in questions that are not ultimate, is useful. But an open mind about the ultimate foundations either of Theoretical or of Practical Reason is idiocy. If a man's mind is open on these things, let his mouth at least be shut. He can say nothing to the purpose. Outside the Tao there is no ground for criticizing either the Tao or anything else.
Ivan Illich|Cancer affects all of us, whether you're a daughter, mother, sister, friend, coworker, doctor, patient.
Corky Pollan|Cooking is not a science but an art, mistakes are okay, messes are fine—the pleasure is in the creating and the sharing of the result.
Kim Harrison, Black Magic Sanction|I was cold, hungry, and in a hole in the ground. But at least I had my elven porn, damnit!
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|. I’ve watched about a dozen tourists almost get hit by cars since I’ve been here. I barely made it to the beach alive the other day. I mean, no one knows what they’re doing. They swing their heads back and forth like they’re mounted on a door hinge, but they don’t even know what they’re looking for, not really. Cars just come at you from all sorts of unnecessary directions here, and we’re all probably going to get killed.
Terry Pratchett, The Long Mars|Now we have travelled a hundred million steps from the Datum, we are finding life systems entirely unlike our own - and yet we still find war. Must it always be so?
Neil Gaiman, MirrorMask|We've had our ups and downs since then, but that's what families have, ups and downs.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|All to often, suffering exists in a realm beyond vocabulary so we navigate that realm awkwardly, fumbling for the right words, hoping we can somehow approximate an understanding of matters that should never have to be understood by anyone in any place in the world.
Anthony Lane|[W]e are not merely tempered and schooled by failure but compelled, in however subtle a fashion, to become something other than we were.
Nick Saban|A lasting solution to this problem will have an exceptionally positive influence foremost on the peoples of Palestine and Israel, as well as on the region and the international community.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Submit, Submit.
Romain Rolland|If you choose not to pursue your dreams, you'll still be a part of a dream - only it will be someone else's.
Nora Sakavic, The King's Men|We've already been killed, all of us. It happened so long ago, we've forgotten it.
Graham Speechley|Do not just think about the destination when you start the journey or just mind the direction of your journey to the final destination; and do not be carried away by the serendipity and the joy you shall have as you move, for you may never know the vicissitude of life that will arise; be careful, however, of what it really takes to truly end the journey successfully regardless what you shall have or face as you journey so as to have a great journey and a true life story of noble footprints
Jeffrey R. Anderson|There are 3 reasons for why you can't beat me. First, I'm better looking than you are. Second, your blows are too light. And third, there's nothing in the world I can't tear up.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|You're broke, eh?"I been shaking two nickels together for a month, trying to get them to mate.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|...by the end of my first week as an intern, I am just about ready to throw my pager out the window. A high window. Overlooking a trash compactor. Filled with highly corrosive acid.
Jennifer Turner, Eternal Seduction|Israbel smiled once more. It was difficult to take your gaze away from her mouth - unless you looked into her eyes; and then you could only look at those... ("Israbel")
Yo-Yo Ma|I'm saddened to see that everyone's pitched out the baby with the bath, in that we say that it can't be one or the other, it could be both. I mean, just because we listen to classical music doesn't mean that we can't listen to jazz.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|He crosses the front room, which he calls his study, and comes down the staircase. The stairs turn a corner; they are narrow and steep. You can touch both handrails with your elbows, and you have to bend your head, even if, like George, you are only five eight. This is a tightly planned little house. He often feels protected by its smallness; there is hardly room enough here to feel lonely. Nevertheless.
Natalie Wood|On tour, you never have a home, you don't get used to anything, and you're always super busy.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|The seal of Reason, made impregnable:_ The seal of Truth, immeasurably splendid:The seal of Brotherhood, man's miracle:_ The seal of Peace, and Wisdom heaven-descended:The seal of Bitterness, cast down to Hell:_ The seal of Love, secure, not-to-be-rended:The seventh seal, Equality: that, broken,God sets His thunder and earthquake for a token.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Coming out of sleep, I had the advantage of two worlds, the layered firmament of dream and the temporal fixtures of the mind awake. I stretched luxuriously—a good and tingling sensation. It's as though the skin has shrunk in the night and one must push it out to daytime size by bulging the muscles, and there's an a itching pleasure in it.
Avijeet Das|Whenever I feel sad, I just take out my phone and listen to her laughter recorded in my online messenger.
Tony Osborg|When I looked around the neighborhood, I found out that kids wasn’t the only crooks. We was surrounded by crooks, and plenty of ’em was guys that were supposed to be legit, like the landlords and the storekeepers and the politicians and cops on the beat. All of ‘em was stealin’ from somebody. And we had the real pros, the old Dons from the old country, with their big black cars and mustaches to match. We used to make fun of them behind their backs, but our parents were scared to death of them. The only thing is, we knew they was rich, and rich was what counted, because the rich got away with anythin'.
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|the matter is as it is in all other cases: if it is naturally in you to be a good orator, a notable orator you will be when you have acquired knowledge and practice ...
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|Like rain drops dripping on the floor like a thousand drumists beating those drums repeatedly,My blood runs through my veins ninety nine point nine metres per second when i think of you.
Terra Elan McVoy, After the Kiss|they have seen the likes of you before, they may be intrigued by the looks of you, but they know that you-like everyone else-will leave them in the end.
Scott Stabile|Find people who can handle your darkest truths, who don’t change the subject when you share your pain, or try to make you feel bad for feeling bad. Find people who understand we all struggle, some of us more than others, and that there’s no weakness in admitting it. Find people who want to be real, however that looks and feels, and who want you to be real, too. Find people who get that life is hard, and who get that life is also beautiful, and who aren’t afraid to honor both of those realities. Find people who help you feel more at home in your heart, mind and body, and who take joy in your joy. Find people who love you, for real, and who accept you, for real. Just as you are. They’re out there, these people. Your tribe is waiting for you. Don’t stop searching until you find them.
Stella Payton|If you are divided from your body you are also divided from the body of the world, which then appears to be other than you or separate from you, rather than the living continuum to which you belong.
Boakye Opoku Agyemang|Everybody's entitled to that forty acres and a mule. You're going to do the work, but you have to have something to work with. If you don't have a job, where do you go from there? You hear people say Pull yourself up by your bootstraps, and you don't even have shoes. You're barefooted. What are you going to pull yourself up by? Our country owes every citizen of the United States of America a means of livelihood. Not a handout, but a way to make it.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down. But I can find no such case.
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|The values of commodities are directly as the times of labour employed in their production, and are inversely as the productive powers of the labour employed.
Joan Hiatt Harlow, Midnight Rider|Tis no wonder, says one of the ancients, that chance has so great a dominion over us, since it is by chance we live.
U.G. Krishnamurti, No Way Out: Dialogues with Krishnamurti|The body cannot be afraid of death. The movement that is created by society or culture is what does not want to come to an end. . . . What you are afraid of is not death. In fact, you don't want to be free from fear. . . . It is the fear that makes you believe that you are living and that you will be dead. What we do not want is the fear to come to an end. That is why we have invented all these new minds, new science, new talk, therapies, choiceless awareness and various other gimmicks. Fear is the very thing that you do not want to be free from. What you call “yourself” is fear. The “you” is born out of fear; it lives in fear, functions in fear and dies in fear.
Madeleine Albright|The mind of America is seized by a fatal dry rot - and it's only a question of time before all that the mind controls will run amuck in a frenzy of stupid, impotent fear.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If I lie about truth which you will know somehow later, then you would call me a liar. But If you're willing to dig further about truth that force me do it, then you would understand my reason. But you wouldn't acknowledge it.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Genuine equality means not treating everyone the same, but attending equally to everyone’s different needs.
Amy Klobuchar|I'm a guy who has problems with moderation. All or nothing. Binge and purge. Kill or be killed. Gray is not a color I wear well. I should be dead. I know that. I should not be successful. I know that too. My daily existence is a toss of the coin - one side, fear, the other side, gratitude.
Thomm Quackenbush, Uncle Christmas|The important thing is not to lie to yourself. He who lies to himself and listens to his own lies reaches a state in which he no longer recognizes truth either in himself or in others, and so he ceases to respect both himself and others. Having ceased to respect everyone, he stops loving, and then, in the absence of love, in order to occupy and divert himself, he abandons himself to passions and the gratification of coarse pleasures until his vices bring him down to the level of bestiality, and all on account of his being constantly false both to himself and to others.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Reality Check: A Collection of Poems|Let your hair loose, and enjoy the breeze.Go out into the woods and sit under trees,Do whatever it takes and set your mind at ease.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
The Covert Comic|Adams dealt him so sound a Compliment over his Face with his Fist, that the Blood immediately gushed out of his Nose in a Stream. The Host being unwilling to be outdone in Courtesy, especially by a Person of Adams's Figure, returned the Favour with so much Gratitude, that the Parson's Nostrils likewise began to look a little redder than usual.
Socrates|wealth does not bring goodness, but goodness brings wealth and every other blessing, both to the individual and to the state
Phil Roe|You're taught from the day you start medical school that you're a god, that you can have power over life and death. So when your life starts to crumble, and the highest power you see is looking back in the mirror - and you know that power is flawed - it is very hard to get past that.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Avoidable human misery is more often caused not so much by stupidity as by ignorance, particularly our ignorance about ourselves.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|You're fucked. You thought you were going to be someone, but now it's obvious you're nobody. You haven't got as much talent as you thought you had, and there was no Plan B, and you got no skills and no education, and now you're looking at forty or fifty years of nothing. Less than nothing, probably. That's pretty heavy. That's worse than having the brain thing, because what you got now will take a lot longer to kill you. You've got the choice of a slow, painful death, or a quick, merciful one.
Michael Dirda|Beware of advice about successful people and their methods. For starters, no two situations are alike. Your dreams of creating a dry-cleaning empire won't be helped by knowing that Thomas Edison liked to take naps.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|The Fathers intent desire is that none would 'perish'. The promise God has given us is one of 'liberation'- Freedom. Being set free "from" captivity and reconciled "to" your Father. Intimacy with Jesus garners son-ship with Abba. As Jesus "demonstrated" that Son-ship of Grace he said, 'I only "say" and "do" what I hear the Father saying and doing'. Proclaiming the Kingdom of God by "Do'in the Stuff". The early church 'got' Jesus. John Wimber 're-got' Jesus and began proclaiming the Kingdom and demonstrating it as any loving son would of his Father. Now, we are no longer refuges but 'Bona Fide' citizens in good standing with our King and our new country. Where Love, Mercy, Grace; Peace 'rains' on us eternally here and now. 'The Already But Not Yet' (Ruis)."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Anne Spencer|During the past few decades, modern technology, with radio, TV, air travel, and satellites, has woven a network of communication which puts each part of the world in to almost instant contact with all the other parts.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|I'd think it strange that the boardinghouse attracted both him and me, but that's what cheap places do -- draw in people with no money. An apartment of my own was unthinkable at that time of my life, and even if I'd found an affordable one it wouldn't have satisfied my fundamental need to live in a communal past, or what I imagined the past to be like: a world full of antiques.
Deborah Brodie|Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Jill had three basic statements about life,1. It is your life, usually with some added social commentary.2. What you want and what you get are usually two entirely different things.3. No one ever said that life was fair.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night|I can only think how good life on earth can be, at times. What grief two people can give to one another! And what pleasure!
Paul de Man|I hope there's a tinge of disgrace about me. Hopefully, there's one good scandal left in me yet.
Nicole  Lyons, Hush|I have never seen battles quite as terrifyingly beautiful as the ones I fight when my mind splinters and races, to swallow me into my own madness, again.
Tiffany Snow, No Turning Back|It would be too easy to become infatuated with a man like him, and also decidedly unwise considering the female debris left in his wake.
Juan Pablo Montoya|First and foremost, I'm a feminist. And basically that stems from a strong belief that all people and creatures deserve equal opportunity, rights and respect.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|A purposeful act or extension of kindness to another is never wasted, for it always resides in the hearts of all involved in a chain of love.
Dejan Stojanovic|To transform a grimace into a sound sounds impossible, yet it is possible to transform a vision into music, to go outside an enslaved personality, to become impersonal by transforming into sand, into water, into light.
Sanjo Jendayi|It's not happening to you, it's happening through you. Check your thoughts and your energetic output for the answers.
Gustave Flaubert, Flaubert in Egypt: A Sensibility on Tour|Alas! It seems to me that when one is as good as this at dissecting children who are to born, one can’t stiffen up enough to create them.
Marine Le Pen|I went to the Wharton School of Finance, the toughest place to get into. I was a great student.
Jesse Ventura|You give me a water board, Dick Cheney and one hour, and I'll have him confess to the Sharon Tate mur
Ada Maria Soto|Christian myth, reveals the truth that "the Christian was (and is) still like his forefathers a mortal hemmed into a hostile world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, in sacred moment of conception.
Diana Rose Morcilla|The love of your life is out there… but they won’t just drop on your lap, nor you on theirs… so stop living an on-hold life! Go out there and experience your life, write your story, and live your fairy tale… It is on that journey that you’ll cross paths with the love that’s worthy of the story…
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|A chill December morning dawned, with rags and tatters of mist hanging on the trees like poor people’s washing.
Thomas Hood|On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it.
Karl Ove Knausgård|All I needed to know, all true knowledge, the only really essential knowledge, was to be found in the books I read and the music I listened to
Lemony Snicket, The Penultimate Peril|For a Hero cannot triumph all the time. Sometimes he will be defeated, and how he faces that defeat is a test of his character.
David C. Downing, Into the Region of Awe: Mysticism in C. S. Lewis|If people knew the sexual intimacy of each other, no one would greet each other on the street.
Glenway Wescott, The Apple of the Eye|I am a storyteller. The type that went from place to place, gathered people in the square and transported them, inspired them, woke them up, shook their insides around so that they could resettle in a new pattern, a new way of being. It is a tradition that believes that the story speaks to the soul, not the ego... to the heart, not the head. In todays world , we yearn so to 'understand', to conquer with our mind, but it is not in the mind that a mythic story dwells.So I do not offer interpretation. What I offer is to tell the story again, and again... on and on, if need be - until the ego has stepped aside and the soul can hear. I trust that the life of the story continues long after I have gone, if the listener can step aside and be taken up and in, to a world where words speak not to the mind, but to the soul.I invite you to trust it too.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|So that it must be only by the imagination that Satan has access to the soul, to tempt and delude it, or suggest anything to it. And this seems to be the reason why persons that are under the disease of melancholy are commonly so visibly and remarkably subject to the suggestions and temptations of Satan... Innumerable are the ways by which the mind may be led on to all kind of evil thoughts, by the exciting of external ideas in the imagination.
James Riley|In the history of the world, a whole story has never been told.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector: Thomas|NW" is full of split selves, people alienated from the very things they thought defined them. Their nostalgia -- for old movies, old songs, buses they don't ride anymore -- is less a salve than a form of pain.
Debasish Mridha|Give yourself to a great cause, not only your possessions.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|A shaft of sunlight pierced the dark cluds and she looked up to see a silver lining. It was a sign, she thought.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I have a new mantra, which I chant softly to myself: "Oh My God Oh My God.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|And when her lips met mine, I knew that I could live to be a hundred and visit every country in the world, but nothing would ever compare to that single moment when I first kissed the girl of my dreams and knew that my love would last forever.
Lindsey Leavitt, Sean Griswold's Head|He said focus. The word focus. I hear angels singing. Everything goes dark except for a light that beams down on Sean. It is a God-given sign- like when people see the Virgin Mary in their grilled cheese, except this isn't religious and I'm actually not a big fan of dairy. I stare at the back of his head. His HEAD. Something I see every day but never really see because it's been there forever. Since the first day of third grade.I crumple up my web. I don't need it. Praise be, the Focus Gods have spoken.I am going to write about Sean Griswold's Head.
Daphne du Maurier|We know one another. This is the present. There is no past and no future. Here I am washing my hands, and the cracked mirror shows me to myself, suspended as it were, in time; this is me, this moment will not pass. And then I open the door and go to the dining-room, where he is sitting waiting for me at a table, and I think how in that moment I have aged, and passed on, how I have advanced one step towards an unknown destiny.We smile, we choose our lunch, we speak of this and that, but - I say to myself-I am not she who left him five minutes ago. She has stayed behind. I am another woman, older, more mature…
Guy Davenport, The Geography of the Imagination: Forty Essays|Man was first a hunter, and an artist: his early vestiges tell us that alone. But he must always have dreamed, and recognized and guessed and supposed, all the skills of the imagination. Language itself is a continuously imaginative act. Rational discourse outside our familiar territory of Greek logic sounds to our ears like the wildest imagination. The Dogon, a people of West Africa, will tell you that a white fox named Ogo frequently weaves himself a hat of string bean hulls, puts it on his impudent head, and dances in the okra to insult and infuriate God Almighty, and that there's nothing we can do about it except abide him in faith and patience.This is not folklore, or quaint custom, but as serious a matter to the Dogon as a filling station to us Americans. The imagination; that is, the way we shape and use the world, indeed the way we see the world, has geographical boundaries like islands, continents, and countries. These boundaries can be crossed. That Dogon fox and his impudent dance came to live with us, but in a different body, and to serve a different mode of the imagination. We call him Brer Rabbit.
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|For here, inside the crypt, was where he truly lived. Which is to say, for well over twenty hours a day in total darkness and in total silence and in total immobility, he sat on his horse blanket at the end of the stony corridor, his back resting on the rock slide, his shoulders wedged between the rocks and enjoyed himself.
Carew Papritz|When do you become a man? When you become your own man. When other men trust you to do a man's work. Trust you with their name, their reputation, their thoughts. Trust you to watch their backs and trust you with their lives.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|The last unicorn lived in a lilac wood, and she lived all alone.
Somya Kedia|Your words crossed a threshold,And entered the past,Yet they have created,A word that will last.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|If the whole world I once could seeOn free soil stand, with the people freeThen to the moment might I say,Linger awhile. . .so fair thou art.
John Muir|These temple destroyers, devotees of ravaging commercialism, seem to have a perfect contempt for Nature, and, instead of lifting their eyes to the God of the mountains, lift them to the Almighty Dollar.
Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil|A daughter, a wife, a grandson,' You could say this place took away all I had. I could easily appear to be one of those unfortunate white men you hear about, who thought too lovingly of the other races and civilization of the world, who left his own country in the West to set up a home among them in the East, and was ruined as a result, paying dearly for his foolish mistake. His life smashed to pieces by the barbarians surrounding him.
Jerry Delia Femina|Today is a new day. You will get out of it just what you put into it. . . If you have made mistakes  even serious mistakes  there is always another chance for you. . . . for this thing that we call "failure" is not the falling down  but the staying down.
Elijah Noble El, The Age of Recovery|As much as we strive towards the light, we still want to be embraced by the shadow.
Jennifer Irwin|Into the promise of happiness, synchronizing the rhythm of our lives to the turning of the leaves and the rise and fall of the tides.
Joyce Rachelle|To write, live.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|...but I am only one, and if I can make a difference, so can you...
Tracey Bond, Spirit Fed Entrepreneur: Growing Your Business with a Fearless Mindset|LIVE like someone, somewhere is always monitoring your existence, 'because they are - some wise who are living know all too well that freedom and rest are truly deeded in the mental realm of those blessed to take up residence there - for there is no monitoring system needed from the grave...
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|Somewhere along the way, there develops within the soul a yearning that can no longer be ignored, a craving for the great love affair. We feel it drawing ever closer. It is the greatest of them all. It cannot fail. It is all consuming. It is incomparable. It is the love affair with our own true nature and the source from which it comes. The desire is in all of us but, more often than not, it is ignored for other interests. We wrestle with each interest, trying to make it work, growing with each adventure until the light has grown bright enough for us to reach for it.
Jaye Wells, Red-Headed Stepchild|Is that all you bought?” His eyes shot to the left. “Um.” I clenched my teeth. “What else?” “A Super Mega Juicer,” he said quickly. “But, Sabina, seriously that juicer is a miracle machine.” “I’m a vampire, Giguhl. The only liquids I drink are blood and alcohol. I don’t do juice.
Martin Cruz Smith|Servants are not allowed to ask questions. They are only supposed to follow orders. That attitude has to change. But in order for it to change, there has to be radical improvement in the quality of the intelligence produced by the Mexican government.
Justin Villanueva, Conversations with the Light Bearer|Evidence is of no longer consequence when hope enters the fray, and this iswhere faith is born—a seemingly abundant commodity certain powerfulorganizations feed on fervently, if not lavishly.
Arka Pain|What's the point of opening yourself up to your friends if they don't notice your vulnerable state? The point of it all is to love friends completely and utterly, at their best and worst, and to love more than just the good things.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Humans have been doin’ awful things to each other throughout history. Humanity’s not as great as you make it out to be. I do what needs to be done, and that’s that. We’re about to go to war, Earl. There ain’t no humanity in war.
Debasish Mridha|If you make someone suffer today, without any doubt, you will be punished by your conscience. Don’t hurt anyone in anyway or form.
John Cleese|I do believe that simplicity is a hallmark of maturity. But I do not believe that simplicity is necessarily a first step. Often, we must learn a depth of complexity before a beautiful simplicity blooms, whether in mind or matter.
Alina Bronsky, The Hottest Dishes of the Tartar Cuisine|He had fallen into the error of all liberals: the belief that men are prepared to reform themselves, that good will attracts good will, that truth has leavening virtue of its own.
Ellen Klages|Time has become quiet flexible inside the library. (This is true of most places with interesting books. Sit down to read for twenty minutes, and suddenly it's dark, with no clue as to where the hours have gone.)
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|In twenty-one years, I have not considered changing to Todd. The bizarre course of my life suggests that Odd is more suited to me, whether it was conferred by my parents with intention or fate.
William Faulkner|The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.
Dishika Zaman Tasnim|It could be my eyes, but my eyes have more sparks than those coffees.
Robert L. Millet, Men of Valor: The Powerful Impact of a Righteous Man|had been equally obvious. The new aristocracy was made up for the most part of bureaucrats, scientists, technicians, trade-union organisers, publicity experts, sociologists, teachers, journalists and professional politicians. These people, whose origins
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Oh, trust me Sydney Tar Ponds, you aren’t the first Personification to be forgotten by somebody ordinary,” Mearth sighed with a falsely-reassuring smile. Alecto stepped back from her, glaring hatefully. “Sydney Tar Ponds,” Mearth added, “I’ve had so many ordinary people as friends in my life that by now I’ve forgotten all their names. At first it was difficult… very sad… to see them always leaving, dying, disappearing, ignoring, but after a while I realized that they weren’t worth the trouble. I’d rather be in the company of other Personifications. At least they aren’t always dropping dead like houseflies or sailing away to parts unknown. Nil sa saol seo ach ceo, i ni bheimid beo, ach seal beag gearr. Wouldn’t you agree?”“No,” Alecto told her. “I think you’re insane.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Next time we will look at this from a much more basic point of view and one antedating all zoology, which, glimpsed only a little after my twentieth year, made write in those days that what is most valuable in man is his eternal and almost divine discontent, a discontent which is a kind of love without a beloved, and like an ache which we feel in members of our body that we do not have. Man is the only being that misses he has never had. And the whole of what we miss, without ever having had it, is never what we call happiness. From this one could start a meditation on happiness, an analysis of that strange condition which makes man the only being who is unhappy for the very reason that he needs to be happy. That is, because he needs to be what he is not.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|It ain't locked, till it's checked!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Holy Spirit not only convicts of sin but also convinces men that Jesus is the righteousness of God. He shows sinners that Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The truth is precious commodity, not everyone will possess her.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|That's the thing about depression: A human being can survive almost anything, as long as she sees the end in sight. But depression is so insidious, and it compounds daily, that it's impossible to ever see the end.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|yes, Wagner and the storm intermix with the wine as nights like this run up my wrists and up into my head and back down into the gut
Rusty Fischer, Becca Bloom and the Drumsticks of Doom: A Heavy Metal Love Story|Some sample lyrics I think I catch: "My engine races up to seventh gear; wrap your legs around my engine, dear . . . . The tunnel's dark, but the ground is wet; I lubricate it with my dripping sweat!"Or, something vaguely disturbing and gross like that; it's hard to tell with the wailing guitars and the front man screaming through his ravaged vocal chords.
Debbie Ford|The people to fear are not those who disagree with you, but those who disagree with you and are too cowardly to let you know.
J.Adam Snyder|There is no such thing as illegitimate children, only illegitimate parents.
Lawrence Kudlow|You have riches and freedom here but I feel no sense of faith or direction. You have so many computers, why don't you use them in the search for love?
Pico Iyer|Music was like my first real toy. I was an only child for a while, and I was alone a lot of the time - and I liked it. I still like being alone.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|Of course, these were only dreams. How could a sensible woman leave a happy marriage? All the same, a seductive voice from afar kept breaking into her conjugal peace: it was the voice of solitude.
David Fincher|I think it was Alfred Hitchcock who said that 90% of successful movie making is in the casting. The same is true in life. Who you are exposed to, who you choose to surround yourself with is a unique variable in all of our experience, and it is hugely important in making us who we are.
Elizabeth Marie Pope, The Sherwood Ring|That's what people who love you do: they hold you and lie. They tell you that you're worthy, that everything will be all right, and they do that even when you both know without a doubt that this is not true, that is it nowhere near the truth.
John Berger|My feeling about seeing the world is that it's going to change you necessarily, just the very fact of being out there and meeting people from different cultures and different ways of life.
Erich Fromm|Millions are impressed by the victories of power and take it for the sign of strength. To be sure, power over people is an expression of superior strength in a purely material sense. If I have the power over another person to kill him, I am "stronger" than he is. But in a psychological sense, the lust for power is not rooted in strength but in weakness. It is the expression of inability of the individual self to stand alone and live. It is the desperate attempt to gain secondary strength where genuine strength is lacking.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|The essence of a mature human being in religious terms is the ability to see, to be aware of others' suffering and to be touched by it.
Compton Gage|Though dead is promised to me, when will I slumber, deep? Is there not an appointed time to man upon earth? Are not his days also like the days of an hireling? As a servant earnestly desires the shadow, and as an hireling looks for the reward of his work: So am I made to possess months of vanity, and wearisome nights are appointed to me.
Genevieve Ross|My mind went back to that picture in the obstetrics book. A cow standing in the middle of a gleaming floor while a sleek veterinary surgeon in a spotless parturition overall inserted his arm to a polite distance. He was relaxed and smiling, the farmer and his helpers were smiling, even the cow was smiling. There was no dirt or blood or sweat anywhere.That man in the picture had just finished an excellent lunch and had moved next door to do a bit of calving just for the sheer pleasure of it, as a kind of dessert. He hadn't crawled shivering from his bed at two o'clock in the morning and bumped over twelve miles of frozen snow, staring sleepily ahead till the lonely farm showed in the headlights. He hadn't climbed half a mile of white fell-side to the doorless barn where his patient lay.
William Harvey, An Anatomical Disquisition on the Motion of the Heart and Blood in Animals|The heart of animals is the foundation of their life, the sovereign of everything within them, the sun of their microcosm, that upon which all growth depends, from which all power proceeds.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|All those before us have gone into the darkness without assurance of logic fact or persuasive theory, with only a slender thread of hope or the all too shakable convinction of faith. And if they have been able to sustain that slim hope in the face of darkness, then so must I.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The obstacles are man-made, so we can overcome with divine-strength.
Edward Abbey, The Monkey Wrench Gang|Lifting her lovely and longing face towards the inaudible chant of the sun, she drifted through her time, through space, through the concatenate cells of her unfolding self. Where to now, Abbzug? You're twenty-eight and a half years old, Abbzug. 
E.S. Carter, Three|And maybe that's love, too - feeling the other person's hurts like your own.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|The "feminine" woman is forever static and childlike. She is like the ballerina in an old-fashioned music box, her unchanging features tiny and girlish, her voice tinkly, her body stuck on a pin, rotating in a spiral that will never grow.
Ouida|The Mayor spoke proudly. 'Yes, they will light it. I have no choice of living or dying, you see, sir, but—I do have a choice of how I do it. If I tell them not to fight, they will be sorry, but they will fight. If I tell them to fight, they will be glad, and I who am not a very brae man will have made them a little braver.' He smiled apologetically. 'You see, it is an easy thing to do, since the end for me is the same.'Lanser said, "If you say yes, we can tell them you said no. We can tell them you begged for your life.'And Winter broke in angrily, 'They would know. You do not keep secrets. One of your men got out of hand one night and he said the flies had conquered the flypaper, and now the whole nation knows his words. They have made a song of it. The flies have conquered the flypaper. You do not keep secrets, Colonel.
Deyth Banger|That's the way with a cat, you know -- any cat; they don't give a damn for discipline. And they can't help it, they're made so. But it ain't really insubordination, when you come to look at it right and fair -- it's a word that don't apply to a cat. A cat ain't ever anybody's slave or serf or servant, and can't be -- it ain't in him to be. And so, he don't have to obey anybody. He is the only creature in heaven or earth or anywhere that don't have to obey somebody or other, including the angels. It sets him above the whole ruck, it puts him in a class by himself. He is independent. You understand the size of it? He is the only independent person there is. In heaven or anywhere else. There's always somebody a king has to obey -- a trollop, or a priest, or a ring, or a nation, or a deity or what not -- but it ain't so with a cat. A cat ain't servant nor slave to anybody at all. He's got all the independence there is, in Heaven or anywhere else, there ain't any left over for anybody else. He's your friend, if you like, but that's the limit -- equal terms, too, be you king or be you cobbler; you can't play any I'm-better-than-you on a cat -- no, sir! Yes, he's your friend, if you like, but you got to treat him like a gentleman, there ain't any other terms. The minute you don't, he pulls freight.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|His own opinion, which he does not air, is that the origin of speech lie in song, and the origins of song in the need to fill out with sound the overlarge and rather empty human soul.
Sir Roger L'Estrange|And when you are foolish enough to identify yourself as a poet, your interlocutors will often ask: A PUBLISHED Poet? And when you tell them that you are, indeed, a published poet, they seem at least vaguely impressed. Why is that? Its not like they or anybody they know reads poetry journals. And yet there is something deeply right, I think, about this knee-jerk appeal to publicity. It's as if to say: Everybody can write a poem, but has your poetry, the distillation of your innermost being, been found authentic and intelligible by others? Can it circulate among persons, make of its readership, however small, a People in that sense? This accounts for the otherwise bafflingly persistent association of Poetry and fame - baffling since no poets are famous among the general population. To demand proof of fame is to demand proof that your songs made it back intact from the dream in the stable to the social world of the fire, that your song is at once utterly specific to you and exemplary for others.
Sam Levenson|If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the up button.
Seneca|The part of life we really live is small.' For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|She would never forget how his soul was lonely as the moon they’d met under, and how, for several brief moments, she’d been able to chase the loneliness away.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|We have one great assignment: to fully accomplish what we have been divinely charged by God to the very limit of our sincere strength with due fear courage, in wit and in truth, and within the scope of our Assigner: Jehovah!
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|That, of course, depends entirely on who you mean by 'they'. It's a very vague term. Who is or are 'they'? Is there such a thing, are there such persons as 'they'? We don't know. But I can tell you this. If the most popular explanation of 'they' is accepted, then these people work in very close, self-contained cells. They do that for their own security.~Jessop
Christopher Morley|The five stages - denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance - are a part of the framework that makes up our learning to live with the one we lost. They are tools to help us frame and identify what we may be feeling. But they are not stops on some linear timeline in grief.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|There's nothing you can find - … nothing you can even imagine – that doesn't originate, develop, or exist in relation to other things.
Seb Emina|Having had this kind of binge reading relationship with online content for 15 years we're starting to think 'Hang on, we only have finite time and there is infinite content'.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|An ordinary man gets arrogant with beauty, conceited with knowledge and ruthless with power.
Raheel Farooq|In conservation, the motto should always be 'never say die'.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|Although you may have never sat down and defined what your philosophy is, it is fully operative and working in your life at all times. It deals with what you believe about the world in which you live, about its people and events, about how you affect them.
Kelly Clarkson|I've had moments where I realize my body isn't going to withstand many more seasons, but I am very satisfied with my career and I am trying not to look at retirement as a sad thing.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|Loving people are magnetic. To attract your SoulMate, BE the loving person you want to be, and do it NOW.
Homer, The Odyssey|No finer, greater gift in the world than that: When man and woman possess their home, two minds, two hearts that work as one. Despair to their enemies, a joy to all their friends. Their own best claim to glory.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were wearing Sylvester Stallone's sneer as pants, but his lips were saggy on your legs, so you had to wear a mustache as a belt. 
Bella Swan|Take control. You are a strong, independent woman.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Age of Uncertainty|I mean, the ones on trial are not like me in any way: they're a different kind of human being. They live in a different world, they think different thoughts, and their actions are nothing like mine. Between the world they live in and the world I live in there's this thick, high wall. At least, that's how I saw it at first. ...I became a lot less sure of myself. In other words, I started seeing it like this: that there really was no such thing as a wall separating their world from mine. Or if there was such a wall, it was probably a flimsy one made of papier-mache. The second I leaned on it, I'd probably fall right through and end up on the other side. Or maybe it's that the other side has already managed to sneak its way inside of us, and we just haven't noticed.
Florida Scott-Maxwell|You need only claim the events of your life to make yourself yours. When you truly possess all you have been and done, which may take some time, you are fierce with reality. When at last age has assembled you together, will it not be easy to let it all go, lived, balanced, over?
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|If, though full of respect for social conventions and never overstepping the bounds they draw round us, if, nonetheless, it should come to pass that the wicked tread upon flowers, will it not be decided that it is preferable to abandon oneself to the tide rather than to resist it? Will it not be felt that Virtue, however beautiful, becomes the worst of all attitudes when it is found too feeble to contend with Vice, and that, in an entirely corrupted age, the safest course is to follow along after the others?
Helmut Jahn|For many years, it seemed as if nothing changed in Norway. You could leave the country for three months, travel the world, through coups d'etat, assassinations, famines, massacres and tsunamis, and come home to find that the only new thing in the newspapers was the crossword puzzle.
Cole Swensen|One warm morning in July, a ghost came to our breakfast table.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your attitude should not settle for the average when you have what it takes to become the best. You excel by choice and you must be focused like a laser beam. Even the sun, powerful as it is, will not be able to burn a hole into a piece of paper until a magnifying glass is used to channel the power of its rays onto one spot. Focus your intellect and your knowledge to get excellent results.
Paulo Coelho|Borges said there are only four stories to tell: a love story between two people, a love story between three people, the struggle for power and the voyage. All of us writers rewrite these same stories ad infinitum.
Michelle Tea|Maybe we could all take care of each other, I dreamed.
T.A.  Barron|If books/stories and movies are going to be judge as for the personality of people so... Doctor Sleep and Nightmares and Dreamscapes... should make Stephen King the world top1 insane person, ever lived in the world.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Er, excuse me,' said the man as Nanny Ogg turned away, 'but what is that on your shoulders?''It's. . . a fur collar,' said Nanny.'Excuse me, but I just saw it flick its tail.''Yes. I happen to believe in beauty without cruelty.
Arthur Bennett, The Valley of Vision: A Collection of Puritan Prayers and Devotions|O God, make me worthy of this calling, that the name of Jesus may be glorified in me and I in him.
Scotty McLennan, Christ for Unitarian Universalists: A New Dialogue with Traditional Christianity|Why in the world a book on Christ for Unitarian Universalists (UUs)? Less than 20 percent of us identify as Christians.1 But more than 70 percent of Americans identify as Christian, and we UUs are only 0.3 percent of America at best.2 So, primarily, this is a book to help us talk intelligently about Christ with our Christian friends. We Unitarian Universalists actually have had a lot to say about Christ over the years as well (that is, centuries, and perhaps even millennia), and we have generally done that in dialogue with mainstream Christians. But not much anymore. This book is meant to encourage us to do so again, not just by referencing our history, but also by speaking freshly as Unitarian Universalists in the twenty-first century.Why in the world a book on Christ for Unitarian Universalists, when we virtually never use that title for the historical figureof Jesus of Nazareth? Again, primarily because that’s how the rest of the world speaks. They refer to themselves and others who stand in the tradition of Jesus as Christ-ians, not Jesus-ians. Why? Because they tend to be less interested in the Jesus of history than in the Christ of their present faith. Jesus lives with them in their daily lives now as the Christ. Christ is an honorific title that technically means “the anointed one” of God. For most Christians, Jesus is the post-Easter Christ, the resurrected Christ, who is actually with them now in real time—who companions them and comforts them and challenges them in their daily lives—not just a prophet and teacher of first-century Israel.
Emma Watson|If you want to run for Prime Minister, you can. If you don’t, that’s wonderful, too. Shave your armpits, don’t shave them, wear flats one day, heels the next. These things are so irrelevant and surface to what it is all really about, and I wish people wouldn’t get caught up in that. We want to empower women to do exactly what they want, to be true to themselves, to have the opportunities to develop.
R. W. Patterson|What we share between us is powerful. It consumes and burns brightly, love. When we—if we—consummate this relationship, I want us to be thinking clearly. Most importantly, I want you to be strong. Healthy. I want you to be whole. I wish that for you—in every second of your life—whether you choose to stay or go—that you be you again…that your heart…and your body heal. You’ve survived much, Laney. Let us not forget your journey leading to this place in time.
Anushka Sharma|If I am through learning, I am through.
Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God|If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If there's nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more?
Augustine Sam, Take Back the Memory|No girl can forget the day she lost her virginity, or the circumstance that led to it
Janice G. Raymond, Not a Choice, Not a Job: Exposing the Myths about Prostitution and the Global Sex Trade|If women really choose prostitution, why is it mostly marginalized and disadvantaged women who do? If we want to discuss the issue of choice, let’s look at who is doing the actual choosing in the context of prostitution. Surely the issue is not why women allegedly choose to be in prostitution, but why men choose to buy the bodies of millions of women and children worldwide and call it sex.Philosophically, the response to the choice debate is ‘not’ to deny that women are capable of choosing within contexts of powerlessness, but to question how much real value, worth, and power these so-called choices confer.Politically, the question becomes, should the state sanction the sex industry based on the claim that some women choose prostitution when most women’s choice is actually 'compliance’ to the only options available?When governments idealize women’s alleged choice to be in prostitution by legalizing, decriminalizing, or regulating the sex industry, they endorse a new range of 'conformity’ for women.Increasingly, what is defended as a choice is not a triumph over oppression but another name for it.
Dalai Lama|Although I have a lot of close female friends in my life, my number one is still my mom. Without her, I wouldn't have the values that I have and see the world the way that I do today. She taught me how to appreciate and respect women. She taught me chivalry and how to love a woman and respect their feelings and emotions.
Stephen Adly Guirgis, The Last Days of Judas Iscariot|Right now, I am in Fallujah. I am in Darfur. I am on Sixty-third and Park having dinner with Ellen Barkin and Ron Perelman... Right now, I'm on Lafayette and Astor waiting to hit you up for change so I can get high. I'm taking a walk through the Rose Garden with George Bush. I'm helping Donald Rumsfeld get a good night's sleep...I was in that cave with Osama, and on that plane with Mohamed Atta...And what I want you to know is that your work has barely begun. And what I want you to trust is the efficacy of divine love if practiced consciously. And what I need you to believe is that if you hate who I love, you do not know me at all. And make no mistake, "Who I Love" is every last one. I am every last one. People ask of me: Where are you? Where are you?...Verily I ask of you to ask yourself: Where are you? Where are you?
Krishna Kumar Kanagal|All love may begin by being passionate, especially for younger people. But in the process of living together, they have to learn and practice love, so that selfishness--the tendency to possess--will diminsh, and the elemetns of understanding and gratitude will settle in, little by little, until their love becomes nourishing, protecting, and reassuring," (41).
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|Whenever I learn a new word, I feel strong, for I discover a new world. Whenever I share a word, I feel weak: I give away a sparkle of my dreams. (Soar)
Travis Bradberry|I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
Melvin Burgess, Smack|GLOUCESTERNow, good sir, what are you?EDGARA most poor man made tame to fortune's blows,Who by the art of known and feeling sorrowsAm pregnant to good pity.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|The innocent little girl said at the end of her prayer "Jesus, please take care of yourself because if anything happens to you, we are all in trouble
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|Jane Austen had created six heroines, each quite different, and that gave Charlotte courage. There wasn't just one kind of woman to be.
Akiroq Brost|Whenever you find your mind wandering to the past or future, pull yourself back into the present. Making peace, working through forgiveness of yourself and others over whatever happened in the past will help you to not revisit the past. Acceptance is an important tool when dealing with all that happened before the present moment. Remember, you cannot go back and change anything that has happened. Nothing at all. It was, what is was. You are here now, in the present, and as such, have the power to affect only the present.
Ray Bradbury|The place is also big enough. We could all live there without killing each other." -Rhage"That depends more on your mouth than any floorplan." -Phury
Charles Bukowski, The Most Beautiful Woman in Town & Other Stories|Every nation needs more people who love liberty, fear mob rule, and hate tyranny with the consistent logic and passion of Alexis de Tocqueville. He is still quoted by presidential candidates, but too often he’s ignored by presidents, and therein lies the danger. Tocqueville reads beautifully but governs even better.
Harrish Sairaman|Never expect anything from anyone, if you wants to live a happy life.
Eraldo Banovac|Everyone’s got a little devil inside them, I’ve just learned to control mine that’s why you’ve not seen it yet; I advise you to keep yours under control before it ruins you.
Amit Abraham|Afterwards, over drinks, one of the barbarians asked me what I dreamt of. I, of course, was taken aback. They say barbarians don't dream. But I told him... "I dream of tangible nothing," I said."So you mean nothing as something, then?" the barbarian replied over the rim of his gin-and-tonic."I mean unity, dissolving into non-self," I said, just to be confusing.
Carla H. Krueger, Coma House|Nearly two years of dates. Still no question. Her mother and father want to set a proper date. Still no question. Her friends keep asking, when, Natasha? When? But she still hasn’t been asked The Question. It’s enjoyable to be the one with all the secrets, but in her honest mind – the hidden part that’s always sleeping – the secrets he keeps about when and if give her a feeling inside she’s never really understood completely – a sensation she had as a child when she got to the end of a fairytale where never-ending love and happiness were all but expected and wondered whether there might be…. one last page.
Pete Hautman|I don't know and probably never will know enough about the true nature of the universe to tell anyone else what to believe, and I've come to distrust the words of those who have presumed to do so.
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|The reason I regard training that involves the ki energy as crucial is because ki energy is the bridge that links our body and mind. . . when you focus deeply inside on the ki energy, your mind becomes calm and serene. There's a feeling of peaceful comfort and safety that's hard to describe. Inside of that, there's no fear that you might lose something, there is no desperate need to control others, nor is there the desire for recognition or acceptance. There is only one self that is infinitely bright and peaceful and seems that for it anything would be possible.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|I am an idol worshipper; for I understand what idol worship means, and the idolater does not.
James Purdy, Cabot Wright Begins|Just because you don't like someone doesn't mean you have to talk about them some people may have problems in life and you making rumors can lead to stress and cause the person to kill themselves. This world is filled with crazy people and drunks and anything you can imagine. Instead of making people's lives worse try to help and make it better. God made each and every human with his love, but no one is perfect.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|No one has free will until they are an adult, and by then the choices that were made for them, have already set them on a course that gives limited freedom in the choices to be made.
Jane Hersey, Full Circle|As I grew into womanhood my confusion at the world became more apparent. I was taking comfort in behaviours that were familiar, not bathing, wearing multiple layers of clothes and, like my mother, I was bingeing on food. Of course I was still very much a lonely unsupported child myself when I got pregnant - one who had never been nurtured or mothered and as such I struggled with the responsibilities of parenthood.
Arthur Stanley Eddington|Personally I think there is no doubt that sub-atomic energy is available all around us, and that one day man will release and control its almost infinite power. We cannot prevent him from doing so and can only hope that he will not use it exclusively in blowing up his next door neighbour. (1936)
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|Other people teach us who we are. Their attitudes to us are the mirror in which we learn to see ourselves, but the mirror is distorted. We are, perhaps, rather dimly aware of the immense power of our social enviornment.
Andrew Lloyd Webber|The form of computers has never been important, with speed and performance being the only things that mattered.
Dara Torres, Age Is Just a Number: Achieve Your Dreams at Any Stage in Your Life|I've wanted to win at everything, every day, since I was a kid. And time doesn't change a person, it just helps you get a handle on who you are. Even at age 41, I still hate losing--I'm just more gracious about it. I'm also aware that setbacks have an upside; they fuel new dreams.
Adam Grant, Originals|The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. She was who she was - she'd been born this way, Why should she have to change who she was to satisfy someone else?
