Kylie Scott, Dirty|Your guardian angel must have been working over time,' Penny laughed shakily. Rose laughed as she put her arms around her sister and hugged her. 'More like the Devil taking care of his own.
Aasif Mandvi|God says in the Quran that there is only one true religion, God's religion. It's the same theme that God revealed to all of the prophets, even before Muhammad.
Karen A. Wyle, Twin-Bred|I remember that story. You have read it four times." Samson shrugged. "Why should I stop with the first reading? Nobody says, 'That was a fine piece of music. I'll never listen to that again." But some people treat books that way. Not I!
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is a bird’s imagination, not its wings, that determines how high it can fly.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|Where is there a Woman, who having generously trusted her liberty with a husband, does not immediately find the spaniel metamorphosed into a tyger, or has not reason to envy the lesser misery of a bond-slave to a merciless tyrant?
Emilia Fox|I got a little house in East L.A. and did the gardening. I was doing some acting here and there, doing my own thing... getting back to reality.
Eudora Welty|Memory lived not in initial possession but in the freed hands, pardoned and freed, and in the heart that can empty but fill again, in the patterns restored by dreams.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|Will I begin it? said Doyler laughing. That's all that's in it, he laughing said.Oh sure that grin. Oh sure that wonderful saucerful grin. Jim sat on the grass and he plucked at the blades. He knew for certain sure that Doyler would be turning from him again. He said, You'll be walking away from me soon, won't you now? There was no answer. Jim plucked the grass and stared beyond where the waves broke on the island shore. He said, I wish you wouldn't Doyler. It does break my heart when you walk away.Old pal o' me heart, said Doyler.But already he had turned, and he was walking away. Walking that slow dreadful slope with never a leaf or a stone. Walking; and though Jim tried to keep pace, e could not, and sometimes he called out, Doyler! Doyler! but he never heard or he did not heed, only farther and farther he walked away. And when Jim woke from these dreams, if he did not remember, he knew he had dreamt, for the feeling inside him of not feeling at all. And it was hard then to make his day.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|No, you do not have to live as a man; it is an act of moral choice. But you cannot live as anything else—and the alternative is that state of living death which you now see within you and around you, the state of a thing unfit for existence, no longer human and less than animal, a thing that knows nothing but pain and drags itself through its span of years in the agony of unthinking self-destruction.
Mike Bartos, BASH|The old joke is that psychiatrists are doctors who can't stand the sight of blood. Maybe they can't stand it, but if they work where I work, they damn well better get used to it.At least surgeons and prizefighters get to wear gloves
James Joyce|If my life wasn't funny, it would just be true, and that's unacceptable.
Brandon Varnell|To be a hero is to become a paradox. The very act of wanting to be a hero implies that you wish danger upon others in order to save them, for one cannot be a hero with needing someone to save.
Megan Miranda, Vengeance|My mother always wanted to live near the water," she said. "She said it's the one thing that brings us all together. That I can have my toe in the ocean off the coast of Maine, and a girl my age can have her toe in the ocean off the coast of Africa, and we would be touching. On opposite sides of the world.
Andy Serkis|In America today, a young person needs more education after high school just to have a chance to make it in the middle class. Not a guarantee, just a chance to make it.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi|Go back,go back to sleep.Yes, you are allowed.You who have no Love in your heart,you can go back to sleep.The power of Loveis exclusive to us,you can go back to sleep.I have been burntby the fire of Love.You who have no such yearning in your heart,go back to sleep.The path of Love,has seventy-two folds and countless facets.Your love and religionis all about deceit, control and hypocrisy,go back to sleep.I have torn to pieces my robe of speech,and have let go of the desire to converse.You who are not naked yet,you can go back to sleep.
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|Before the Apocalypse, the closest I'd gotten to death was buying steaks at the supermarket.
Oscar Wilde|The world has become sad because a puppet was once melancholy. The nihilist, that strange martyr who has no faith, who goes to the stake without enthusiasm, and dies for what he does not believe in, is a purely literary product. He was invented by Turgenev, and completed by Dostoevsky. Robespierre came out of the pages of Rousseau as surely as the People's Palace rose out debris of a novel. Literature always anticipates life. It does not copy it, but moulds it to its purpose.
Robert W. Service, The Cremation of Sam McGee|There are strange things done in the midnight sun By the men who moil for gold; The Arctic trails have their secret tales That would make your blood run cold;The Northern Lights have seen queer sights, But the queerest they ever did see Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge I cremated Sam McGee.
Tish Thawer, Scent of a White Rose|They made love until Chris had to leave for the airport, without sleeping at all. After Chris had left, wearing wrinkled jeans and Xander’s sweat and seed on his skin, Xander flopped back onto the bed and looked miserably at the clock.
Pet Torres, Leione's Diary: How Everything Should Have Been|Dear Judy Blume, why didn’t you write a book about how to survive talking to your centuries-old, super-duper experienced, smoking-hot soul mate about sex for the first time ever? That book would have been extremely helpful in preparing me for this incredibly awkward situation.
Blaise Pascal|Truth is so obscure in these times, and falsehood so established, that, unless we love the truth, we cannot know it.
James Joyce, Ulysses|It grieved him plaguily, he said, to see the nuptial couch defrauded of its dearest pledges: and to reflect upon so many agreeable females with rich jointures, a prey for the vilest bonzes, who hide their flambeau under a bushel in an uncongenial cloister or lose their womanly bloom in the embraces of some unaccountable muskin when they might multiply the inlets of happiness, sacrificing the inestimable jewel of their sex when a hundred pretty fellows were at hand to caress, this, he assured them, made his heart weep.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The crisis is past and all is well, the sheep returns to the fold. We're all sheep who have strayed at times. Truth is truth, to the end of reckoning, we've cried. They are never alone that are accompanied with noble thoughts, we've shouted to ourselves.
Rory Bremner|The term 'Xiaokang' is used today to refer to a society where people can receive education, get paid through work, have access to medical services and old-age support, have a shelter and more than enough food and clothing, and lead a well-off life.
Rob Sheffield, Talking to Girls About Duran Duran: One Young Man's Quest for True Love and a Cooler Haircut|We want to freeze the perfect moment, hold on to it, at least long enough to understand it. But it dances on with us or without us, so we jump in and try to keep up. The universe is expanding and we are just two of a billion stars.
Shakuntala Devi|I tried to build a company my father would have been proud to work for, that he would have looked back on and said, 'That's the company that honoured me, even though I don't have an education'. I wanted to build a company that had a conscience.
Thomas Huxley|In the end, nature is inexorable: it has no reason to hurry and, sooner or later, it takes what belongs to it. Unconsciously and inflexibly obedient to its own laws, it doesn't know art, just as it doesn't know freedom, just as it doesn't know goodness.
Felicity Brandon, Customer Service|I am not a f**king pleasure girl, damn you! I’m an officer!
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|The Holy Fool is always considered a dummy by the smart, hip people who really know the score. There’s a mysterious blight on the land, nothing will grow and no one knows how to break the spell. The Holy Fool sets out to find the cause, right the wrong, save the people. He’s told he can’t do it, that he’s too dumb, too weak, too something, hearing from all quarters, “That’s not how we do things here," and “You just don’t understand." But he goes ahead anyway.
H.E. Davey|The innate harmony that exists between mind and body is one of the secrets behind the amazing power of Shin-shin-toitsu-do, which is weakened by an inefficient use of the body. Our bodies must be strong, relaxed, and healthy to respond to our minds’ commands.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|And when something awful happens, the goodness stands out even more ...
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Writing from memory like this, I often feel a pang of dread. What if I've forgotten the most important thing? What if somewhere inside me there is a dark limbo where all the the truly important memories are heaped and slowly turning into mud?
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|There are different types of salvation." he said, diplomatically. "No." Rena shook him off. "There's only one. In the voice of God, speaking through the space between the stars.
Joe Frazier|I remember how my mom would take me on the subway from Queens to Broadway. We'd go to the offices of casting agents. Many doors were slammed in our faces. I was just a boy, but I remember that well.
Thomas   Moore, Care of the Soul: Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|Usually, the main problem with life conundrums is that we don't bring to them enough imagination
Chigozie Obioma, The Fishermen|You do not have to provoke other people for them to provoke you, those who hate you will always get a way of blaming you.
Tera Lynn Childs, Sweet Legacy|...if you project the image you wish the world to see, eventually it will become reality.
D.L. Wainright, The Hollow Sun|Trees surrounded them from all sides, casting long inky shadows that would, at another time, have been scary. But there was no point in being scared of what might be lurking in the shadows when the biggest bad, of all big bads, was gazing at her intently.
Asuni LadyZeal|There are problems humans cannot solve, to wit: density dependent birth rates, loss of genetic diversity, the overturning of his population pyramid, traveling to the nearest star, and the extinction of Man.
Sarah Vowell, Assassination Vacation|To be successfully independent, you must view life as if all of your love ones are dead and the world is against you.
Betty Williams|I can see in your eyes, I can see in your faces, I can see you cry. But what I want to say, there's no reason to cry. Do not, in the name of peace, go in the streets and riot.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|Not a day went by that he didn't think of that moment of impact, and when he watched, helplessly, as his son died in his arms. For all intents and purposes, he died too. Jeb Richardson sealed his heart that day; he closed his mind. He cursed god, gave up on his dreams, and turned away from love altogether.
Amal Sagheer|You could be together forever, but one of you is going to have to go first. I want it to last. I love him and I want it to stay.
Charles Novacek, Border Crossings: Coming of Age in the Czech Resistance|The rock I'd seen in my life looked dull because in all ignorance I'd never thought to knock it open. People have cracked ordinary New England pegmatite - big, coarse granite - and laid bare clusters of red garnets, or topaz crystals, chrysoberyl, spodumene, emerald. They held in their hands crystals that had hung in a hole in the dark for a billion years unseen. I was all for it. I would lay about me right and left with a hammer, and bash the landscape to bits. I would crack the earth's crust like a piñata and spread to the light the vivid prizes in chunks within. Rock collecting was opening the mountains. It was like diving through my own interior blank blackness to remember the startling pieces of a dream: there was a blue lake, a witch, a lighthouse, a yellow path. It was like poking about in a grimy alley and finding an old, old coin. Nothing was at it seemed. The earth was like a shut eye. Mother's not dead, dear - she's only sleeping. Pry open the thin lid and find a crystalline intelligence inside, a rayed and sidereal beauty. Crystals grew inside rock like arithmetical flowers. They lengthened and spread, adding plane to plane in awed and perfect obedience to an absolute geometry that even the stones - maybe only the stones - understood.
Laura Kreitzer, Abyss|There’s nothing to be scared of, right Akhol?”He said nothing as he stepped toward the rushing water that rolled around a big rock and was swallowed whole by impenetrable darkness.“Right?” Andrew repeated, his voice swallowed by the sound of rushing water.Akhol didn’t respond again. He tapped a foot above the water before he stepped in and disappeared beneath the surface in one fluid motion.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|They may not change your skins colour; they may not change your body odour; but once they can change your daily thoughts, they can influence your habits! Beware of evil companions!
Dennis Prager|I am upset and completely disappointed in the government, the millionaires and billionaires in the U.S. See what's happening to the country? Look at all the health problems, the economy, the recession and crime.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|I don't have a reason to lie to you. Not now.' Jace's gaze remained steady. 'And quit baring your fangs at me. It's making me nervous.''Good,' Simon said. 'If you want to know why it's because you smell like blood.''It's my cologne. Eau de Recent Injury.' Jace raised his left hand. It was a glove of white bandages, stained across the knucles where blood had seeped through.
C. JoyBell C.|Never get involved with people who are likely to envy you at the end of the day. People like that will actually lurk in the bushes, play your mind, and pounce on you when you are at our most vulnerable state. Envy is the root of all evil, in all men and women, everywhere. They’re not going to leave your side, but for reasons that you wouldn’t like!
Anthony Boucher, Zacherley's Vulture Stew|This was in the good old days, when monsters were fantasy.
Marianne Williamson|Marriage, like everything else in the world, is holy or unholy depending on the purpose the mind ascribes to it.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Helen Keller became deaf, dumb, and blind shortly after birth. Despite her greatest misfortune, she has written her name indelibly in the pages of the history of the great. Her entire life has served as evidence that no one is ever defeated until defeat has been accepted as reality.
Ambrose Bierce, The Death of Halpin Frayser|He thought he was walking along a dusty road that showed white in the gathering darkness of a summer night. Whence and whither it led, and why he traveled it, he did not know, though all seemed simple and natural, as is the way in dreams; for in the Land Beyond the Bed surprises cease from troubling and the judgment is at rest.
Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion|No one is without Christianity, if we agree on what we mean by the word. It is every individual's individual code of behavior, by means of which he makes himself a better human being than his nature wants to be, if he followed his nature only. Whatever its symbol—cross or crescent or whatever—that symbol is man's reminder of his duty inside the human race. Its various allegories are the charts against which he measures himself and learns to know what he is. It cannot teach man to be good as the textbook teaches him mathematics. It shows him how to discover himself, evolve for himself a moral code and standard within his capacities and aspirations, by giving him a matchless example of suffering and sacrifice and the promise of hope.
Lester Bangs|It's not enough just to do those things anymore; what you must do instead if you want success on any large scale is either figure out a way of getting yourself associated in the audience's mind with their pieties and their sense of 'community,' i.e. ram it home that you're one of THEM; or, alternately, deck and bake yourself into an image configuration so blatant or outrageous that you become a culture myth.
Robert Gately|Scientist’s intellect is their ship as they navigate through the treacherous waters of detail where, hopefully, their good sense and rationale leads them to truth. Religious leaders already have the truth and those tenants that are not well-defined don’t need a defense because faith shields them from the onslaught of details and facts."- Fillossofee, Messages from a Grandfather - an ebook
Russell Baker|As the Executive Chairman of 'Breitbart News' with a long run in business and finance, I can tell you, it's hard to run a company that is infinitesimally smaller than Fox; it takes a steady and experienced hand.
Gift Gugu Mona|Do not distance yourself from people who need you most today, because tomorrow you will need them the most.
Akshay Vasu|I felt a warm hand touch my forehead. And then my cheek. I held my act steady though Akinli’s touch made me feel more than awake.“Where in the world did you come from, you beautiful, silent girl?” he whispered.
Cora Carmack, Finding It|What's the first sign of a lurking, hidden expectation you didn't know you had? Pain! People don't do what we want, things don't happen quickly enough, the weather doesn't cooperate, our bodies don't cooperate. Why are these moments so painful? Because our minds are focused on a static, unchanging, me-centric picture while the dynamic unfolding of a broader life continues around us. There is nothing wrong with expectations per se, as it's appropriate to set goals and work, properly, towards their fruition. But the instant we feel pain over life not going "my way," our expectations have clearly taken an improper turn. Any moment you feel resistance or pain, look for -- and then let go of -- the hidden expectation. Practice giving yourself over to what "you" don't want. Let the line at the store be long. Let the other person interrupt you. Let the nervousness make you shake. Be where your body is, not where your mind is trying to take you.
Richelle Mead|History is important because it teaches us about past. And by learning about the past, ypu come to understand the present, so that you may make educated decisions about the future.
David Hume|In contrast to logic, there is common sense, or still better, the Spirit of Reasonableness.
David Nicholls, One Day|Soul ties. The thing that can make you hear an old-school slow jam and think of somebody you haven’t seen in years. Soul ties. The thing that makes old people who’ve been together for years finish each other’s sentences. Don’t you wish mama had told you when you were young that, when you lie with someone, you lie not just with her body but also with her soul? And whatever condition the other person’s soul is in, you are guaranteed to take a piece with you—whether you want to or not. Instead of being amazed at her booty, you should have focused on her mind.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I don't want to write soft, easy fiction; I want to write fiction that challenges.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones|Personally, I like it much better when someone else does the decision making. That way you have legitimate grounds to whine and complain. I tend to find both whining and complaining quite interesting and amusing, though sometimes--unfortunately--it's hard to choose which one of the two I want to do.Sigh. LIfe can be so tough sometimes.
John Green, Paper Towns|But then again, if you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all. Imagining isn't perfect. You can't get all the way inside someone else. I could never have imagined Margo's anger at being found, or the story she was writing over. But imagining being someone else, or the world being something else, is the only way in.
Dada Bhagwan|When does one think of God? It is when he gains something from Him, when love for Him arises!
David Nicholls|Education in our times must try to find whatever there is in students that might yearn for completion, and to reconstruct the learning that would enable them autonomously to seek that completion.
Cat Osterman|I'm trying to demystify the whole process. Make it simple, make it palatable. I want people to have respect for the law, and I want to educate people on the basics of the law.
honeya|How quickly people can forget you, until they want something from u" and when they are done with you, you are not even a stranger but an invisible person who doesn't even exist.
Laura Amy Schlitz, Splendors and Glooms|In the park which surrounded our house were the ruins of the former mansion of Brentwood, a much smaller and less important house than the solid Georgian edifice which we inhabited. The ruins were picturesque, however, and gave importance to the place. Even we, who were but temporary tenants, felt a vague pride in them, as if they somehow reflected a certain consequence upon ourselves. The old building had the remains of a tower, an indistinguishable mass of mason-work, overgrown with ivy, and the shells of walls attached to this were half filled up with soil. I had never examined it closely, I am ashamed to say. There was a large room, or what had been a large room, with the lower part of the windows still existing, on the principal floor, and underneath other windows, which were perfect, though half filled up with fallen soil, and waving with a wild growth of brambles and chance growths of all kinds. This was the oldest part of all. At a little distance were some very commonplace and disjointed fragments of the building, one of them suggesting a certain pathos by its very commonness and the complete wreck which it showed. This was the end of a low gable, a bit of grey wall, all encrusted with lichens, in which was a common doorway. Probably it had been a servants' entrance, a backdoor, or opening into what are called "the offices" in Scotland. No offices remained to be entered-pantry and kitchen had all been swept out of being; but there stood the doorway open and vacant, free to all the winds, to the rabbits, and every wild creature. It struck my eye, the first time I went to Brentwood, like a melancholy comment upon a life that was over. A door that led to nothing - closed once perhaps with anxious care, bolted and guarded, now void of any meaning. It impressed me, I remember, from the first; so perhaps it may be said that my mind was prepared to attach to it an importance, which nothing justified. ("The Open Door")
Edgar Allan Poe, Eleonora|She swallowed, watching as the servants and Harry and Bert trooped out of the room. Lad, apparently not the brightest dog in the world, sat down next to Mickey O’Connor and leaned against his leg.Mr. O’Connor looked at the dog, looked at the damp spot growing on his breeches where the dog was leaning, and sighed. “I find me life is not as quiet as it used to be afore ye came to me palace, Mrs. Hollingbrook.”Silence lifted her chin. “You’re a pirate, Mr. O’Connor. I cannot believe your life was ever very quiet.”He gave her an ironic look. “Aye, amazin’, isn’t it? Yet since yer arrival me servants no longer obey me and I return home to find me kitchen flooded.” He crossed to a cupboard and took down a china teapot, a tin of tea, and a teacup. “And me dog smells like a whorehouse.”Silence glanced guiltily at Lad. “The only soap we could find was rose scented.
David Platt|From His eternal perspective, it's tolerable to allow our temporary dreams to fall apart.
Azhly Antenor|don't make decision from other's suggestion,,cause none knows you more than yourself
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|When “Here Comes the Sun” started, what happened? No, the sun didn’t come out, but Mom opened up like the sun breaking through the clouds. You know how in the first few notes of that song, there’s something about George’s guitar that’s just so hopeful? It was like when Mom sang, she was full of hope, too. She even got the irregular clapping right during the guitar solo. When the song was over, she paused it.“Oh, Bee,” she said. “This song reminds me of you.” She had tears in her eyes.
Polykarp Kusch|Nature abhors a hero. For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy. For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed?
Charles Baudelaire|I've tried everything. I can say to you with confidence, I know a fair amount about LSD. I've never been a social user of any of these things, but my curiosity has carried me into a lot of interesting areas. 
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|The fact was, it was safer to stay uninvolved. He was perfectly fine with emotions, so long as they belonged to other people. Oh, he tried relationships after Peg's death, for a while he really tried, but he couldn't bear to get closed ... [it was easier] to disconnect from that part of life and turn his back on love altogether.Easier to find what he needed in music.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson and Other Tales|A man who is not born with the novel-writing gift has a troublesome time of it when he tries to build a novel. I know this from experience. He has no clear idea of his story; in fact he has no story. He merely has some people in his mind, and an incident or two, also a locality, and he trusts he can plunge those people into those incidents with interesting results. So he goes to work. To write a novel? No--that is a thought which comes later; in the beginning he is only proposing to tell a little tale, a very little tale, a six-page tale. But as it is a tale which he is not acquainted with, and can only find out what it is by listening as it goes along telling itself, it is more than apt to go on and on and on till it spreads itself into a book. I know about this, because it has happened to me so many times.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|Iris arched her back, pushing her breast farther into Wyatt's hungry mouth. Water from the giant marble-tiled hotel shower rushed down over them, the sound of it hitting the glass door seeming loud in the enclosure. He lightly pressed down with his teeth and tugged her nipple, sending a pulsing sweep of need through her. The man was too talented with his tongue.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The ink in your pen never reshapes your thoughts, you must replace the ink before the ink can be inked properly.
José de Alencar|Some people think that nothing moves in this world without leave of the woman. Do not know more, but I can say that war never happened, nor can there be, when you do not want to leave sovereign
Tiziana Stupia, Meeting Shiva: Falling and Rising in Love in the Indian Himalayas|No knife cuts as swiftly, deeply and precisely as the blade of the Beloved.
Robbie Robertson|I think Thanksgiving is the perfect occasion to break open a buttery, oaky Chardonnay from California.
Theresa Breslin, The Medici Seal|Fireworks made of glass. An explosion of dew. Crescendo. Diminuendo. Silence.There are drugs that work the same, and while I am not suggesting that our founder purchased the glassworks to get more drops, it is clear that she had the seed planted, not once, but twice, and knew already the lovely contradictory nature of glass and she did not have to be told, on the day she saw the works at Darling Harbour, that glass is a thing in disguise, an actor, is not solid at all, but a liquid, that an old sheet of glass will not only take on a royal and purplish tinge but will reveal its true liquid nature by having grown fatter at the bottom and thinner at the top, and that even while it is as frail as the ice on a Parramatta puddle, it is stronger under compression than Sydney sandstone, that it is invisible, solid, in short, a joyous and paradoxical thing, as good a material as any to build a life from.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Malina|Blade, she thought. I swallowed it; now cuts my loins forever. Punishment. Married to a Jew and shacking up with a German assassin. She felt tears again in her eyes, boiling. For all I have committed. Wrecked. 'Let's go,' she said, rising to her feet. 'The hairdresser.
Madchen Amick|After the match-fixing allegations, the one thing I had was patience. It took a lot of time for the courts to come to a verdict regarding the case. Sometimes, there were adjournments, but during that time, I had patience. We fought very hard, and finally justice prevailed, and we got the right verdict.
Robert Paul Wolff|My dear, it is very nice here, every day two or three persons are stabbed by soldiers in the city; there are daily arrests, but apart from these it is pretty gay..
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|The little white bundle—toddling dutifully down the hall to the front door—froze. Then a high-pitched scream as he began to run as fast as he could (which was not very fast at all, any more) and Boris—whooping with laughter—dropped to his knees.“Oh!” snatching him up, as Popchik wriggled and struggled. “You got fat! He got fat!” he said indignantly as Popchik jumped up and kissed him on the face. “You let him get fat! Yes, hello, poustyshka, little bit of fluff you, hello! You remember me, don’t you?” He had toppled over on his back, stretched out and laughing, as Popchik—still screaming with joy—jumped all over him. “He remembers me!
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|To whom much is given, much is expected.
Ally Condie, Reached|I want to break something, or hit something, but I am afraid to move, so I start crying instead.
James Balog|The artist is the confidant of nature, flowers carry on dialogues with him through the graceful bending of their stems and the harmoniously tinted nuances of their blossoms. Every flower has a cordial word which nature directs towards him.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home|Beware of those who are always hungry, for they will feed you to the wolves just to get paid.
Richard Lugar|At the end of the day, New Yorkers need a mayor who understands the problems they face, brings a smart plan and good people to the table, and, more than anything, has the independence, courage and conviction to do the right thing.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|We came to life to leave a mark, either a wrong or right! So what route is your lifestyle taking?
Amit  Pandey, The Retro Man|Then again, I had become a disappointment. It’s easier to find fault with a disappointment.
Aphra Behn|I feel the less you project of yourself, the more you can be believable as a character. I also think it's just better for your own mental health. Then you can be a human being and change your mind, and nobody asks you questions about it!
Matt Besser|(From Boulez, an authorized biography by Joan Peyser)At the chapel door he [a priest associated with a school Boulez attended] asked me if what he had been told was true: that Boulez no longer believed in God. I said it was...
Richard Brautigan, Rommel Drives on Deep Into Egypt|Hinged to forgetfulness like a door,she slowly closed out of sight,and she was the woman I loved,but too many times she slept likea mechanical deer in my caresses,and I ached in the metal silenceof her dreams.
Sameh Elsayed|Sometimes while you are so passionately busy building, there will be others as busy destroying. Do not stop. One day you will notice how high above you get, and how down below they end up
Shraddha Kapoor|Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more.
RVM|Inspiration moves one from Pessimism to Optimism, from Doubt to Faith, from Despair to Hope, and from Darkness to Light!
Ramana Pemmaraju|When it comes to obeying your elders including parents, think once that they must be true for they have a whole lot of experience of life but think twice because they have the experience of ‘their’ life. Obey thoughtfully.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|Stay with and pursue your dreams, and history will tell your stories in golden, glossy and embossed shining foils
Zendaya|Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
Thich Nhat Hanh|If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today. But that is the most that hope can do for us - to make some hardship lighter. When I think deeply about the nature of hope, I see something tragic. Since we cling to our hope in the future, we do not focus our energies and capabilities on the present moment. We use hope to believe something better will happen in the future, that we will arrive at peace, or the Kingdom of God. Hope becomes a kind of obstacle. If you can refrain from hoping, you can bring yourself entirely into the present moment and discover the joy that is already here.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|You do not need any preacher or prophet to learn about God. The teaching is spread on the trees and the mountains, on the stars and the river, on the Sun and the moon. The ultimate teaching is written in your heart. You just need to wake up and see.
Charlotte Eriksson|... but I could also write about love. How a hand can silence thousands of voices and how someone’s smell can make you feel at home even though you’re a million miles away fromhomeand have you ever hurt someone you love? Because you’re angry. Because you’re disappointed and sad and you just really wanted to love and be loved in returnbut life got in the way and you both said things that should never be said and you’re angry but don’t know how to. Because you still feel this strange love for him, but you’re also fucking angry and you want to hit him, but then hug him because hurting him is hurting yourself, and then hit him again because you’re angry! and so you fall on your knees because you’re hopeless to yourself and your own emotionsand that’s love, my friend.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|[regarding the sacrifice] It was all very professionally done, even to a man whose religion consisted mostly of half formed and unanswered questions, it was strangely reassuring.
George R.R. Martin|To construct mechanically the brain of a somniferous tale, it is not enough to dissect nonsense & mightily stupefy the reader's intelligence with renowned doses, so as to paralyze his faculties for the rest of his life by the infallible law of fatigue; one must, besides, with good mesmeric fluid, make it somnambulistically impossible for him to move, against his nature forcing his eyes to cloud over at your own fixed stare.
Tielle St. Clare, Collective Memory|Cayl replies...I understand the human reproductive system, Agent Denning; I’m here to capture a killer, not indulge in these intrusive human senses.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|A life might end, but sometimes their case lives forever.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus|All he cares about is going out there with his Jack Daniels bottle. Nothing has changed. That's kind of sad. If David was doing better than he used to be, then that would be different. But it was a joke and he made it that way.
Paul Tillich, Dynamics of Faith|Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason
Mira Bartok, The Memory Palace|Some of my old memories feel trapped in amber in my brain, lucid and burning, while others are like the wing beat of a hummingbird, an intangible, ephemeral blur.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|We are living in the era of premeditation and the perfect crime. Our criminals are no longer helpless children who could plead love as their excuse. On the contrary, they are adults and the have the perfect alibi: philosophy, which can be used for any purpose - even for transforming murderers into judges.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|The public's abiding fascination with flaying saucers, C.G. Jung suggests, 'may be a spontaneous reaction of the subconscious to fear of the apparently insoluble political situation in the world that may lead at any moment to catastrophe. At such times eyes turn heavenwards in search of help, and miraculous forebodings of a threatening or consoling nature appear from on high.
Garth Greenwell|[L]ike poems, cruising carves privacy out of public spaces. Poems are a kind of private communication that occurs in public speech. And I think cruising is that too: a training in reading occult codes; a way of seeing a significance in the world that most people don’t see.
Sydney Harris|Most people are mirrors, reflecting the moods and emotions of the times; few are windows, bringing light to bear on the dark corners where troubles fester. The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
Tacitus|In peace, the Middle East, the ancient cradle of civilization, will become invigorated and transformed. Throughout its lands there will be freedom of movement of people, of ideas, of goods.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I felt that not only in my book but in novels in general there was something that truly agitated me, a bare and throbbing heart . . . But was that what I wanted? To write, to write with purpose, to write better than I had already? And to study the stories of the past and the present to understand how they worked, and to learn, learn everything about the world with the sole purpose of constructing living hearts . . .
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|In the deep, wet tangled, wild jungle where even natives won't go is a mystical, dangerous river. The river's got no name because naming it would make it real, and no one wanted to believe that river be real. They say you get there only inside a dream-but don't you think of it at bedtime, now, 'cause not everyone who goes there be able to leave! That jungle canopy, it so leafy true daylight can never break in the riverbank, it be wet muck thick with creatures that eat you alive if you stay still too long. To miss that fate, you gots to go into the black water. But the water be heavy as hot tar; once you in, it bind you and pull you along, bit by bit, 'til you come to the end of the land, and then over the water goes in a dark, slow cascade, the highest falls in the history of the world ever. There be demons in that cascading water, and snakes, and wraiths that whisper in your ears. They love you, they say. You should give yourself to them, stay with them, become one of them, they say. 'Isn't it good here?' they say. 'No pain, no trouble.' But also no light and no love and no joy and no ground. You tumble and tumble as you fall, and you try and choose, but your mind be topsy-turvy and maybe you can't think so well, and maybe you can't choose right, and maybe you never wake up. "It felt like that," I tell Tootsie, "even after you got me out and Scott moved me to Highland. I couldn't choose. I couldn't shut out the wraiths...But you would say, 'Hang on, sweetie,' and Scottie would say, 'I miss you, Mama,' and Scott would hold me, just hold me and say nothing at all." Tootsie snorts. "Scott was useless the whole while." "Scott was in the river, too.
Katee Robert, Meeting His Match|Tyler, I'd marry you again in a heartbeat. You are my fairy tale.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|He then departed, to make himself still more interesting, in the midst of an heavy rain.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|There is no rest for the humble except in despising the great, whose only thought of the people is inspired by self-interest or sadism.
Ryan O'Neal|It fascinates me that when we lose one of our five senses, the remaining four strengthen and rally to make sense of the world we live in. Even by closing our eyes for a moment, we find ourselves paying closer attention to the sounds around us. Perhaps this is why music can resonate so deeply within us; somehow our isolated senses allow our brains the space and perspective to connect these really beautiful dots of our own hearts and souls. I wonder if the act of giving our other senses a break ca
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Love, it never dies. It never goes away, it never fades, so long as you hang on to it. Love can make you immortal
Carl Sagan|You read, move your lips, figure out the words, and it's like you're in two places at the same time: you're sitting or lying with your legs curled up, your hand groping in the bowl, but you can see different worlds, far-off worlds that maybe never existed but still seem real. You run or sail or race in a sleigh--you're running away from someone, or you yourself have decided to attack--your heart thumps, life flies by, and it's wondrous: you can live as many different lives as there are books to read.
Václav Havel|Here's your first problem," he said, pointing at a sentence. "'Religion is the opium of the people.' Well, I don't know about people, but I think you'll find that the opium of pirates is actual opium.
Beverly Engel, The Right To Innocence|In addition to reaching out for help, you will also need to reach within yourself. Your biggest ally will be your emotions. Through them, you will learn more about what really happened to you, how the abuse affected you, and what you need to do in order to heal. Your emotions will enable you to reclaim the self you long ago hid away.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|Life itself seemed so alarmingly exigent, to require so much of the self. It was too difficult to remember and think and express and understand - all things I needed to be able to do to talk. To keep my face animated at the same time was insult added to injury. It was like trying to cook and roller-skate and sing and type all at once.
George Orwell, 1984|Every record has been destroyed or falsified, every book rewritten, every picture has been repainted, every statue and street building has been renamed, every date has been altered. And the process is continuing day by day and minute by minute. History has stopped. Nothing exists except an endless present in which the Party is always right.
Debasish Mridha|Make each day, the best day of life.
Ufuoma Apoki|Ιη m¥ books, ł'm †ђ3 best; I just need some time тσ prove it ιη ¥øûЯ history books.
Isabella Poretsis|If you don't like something don't protest from a far. Work within it to change it. Otherwise, you'll just be one voice of many rather than a trusted voice of influence.
Carrie Jones, Need|The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.
Muhammad Yunus|I’m encouraging young people to become social business entrepreneurs and contribute to the world, rather than just making money. Making money is no fun. Contributing to and changing the world is a lot more fun.
J.K. Rowling, The Tales of Beedle the Bard|You’ve got to give the door something?’‘Yes,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Blood, if I am not much mistak
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Everyone experiences grace, even if they don't realize it. It's kind of like Moby's music. You could ask your average sixty-something-year-old retired banker in Connecticut if he's ever heard of Moby and/or his music and the response you'd receive more than likely would be a resounding, “No—what's a Moby?” But if you say, “Remember that American Express commercial where Tiger Woods is putting around New York City? Remember the song playing? That was Moby.” “Oh, then, OK. I guess I have heard Moby,” our theoretical retired banker in New Canaan might say. “So … what exactly is a Moby?” That's like grace. Not that grace is a pretentious vegan techno-rocker, but you get the idea. Grace is everywhere, all around us, all of the time. We only need the ears to hear it and the eyes to see it.
Sachin sawariya|Take care of your back ahead of anyone ,dear friends.commendation and stabbing,Both get on this only.
Michel Foucault|I let my gaze travel out the picture window. Unlike at my old doublewide trailer perched on the fringe of a played out quarry, here I owned a real yard with real grass that screamed for mowing each Monday a.m. I sat at the kitchen table, cooling off from just having finished this week's job. Yes, here in 2005, I was a full-fledged suburbanite, but I'd been called worse.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Born to love, Born to lead.Born to shine, Born to succeed.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Marks of Secret|So what's the deal with you and my sister?" He laughs shortly and rubs the back of his neck like something is there, tickling, tap
Bertrand Russell|I consider a human soul without education like marble in the quarry, which shows none of its inherent beauties till the skill of the polisher fetches out the colors, makes the surface shine, and discovers every ornamental cloud, spot and vein that runs through the body of it and hence the paradox of education is precisely this - that as one begins to become conscious one begins to examine the society in which he is being educated. Help Dacodep showcase the potential of orphan children and illiterate adults in the community flooded with politicians, we are working to turn Bondo into an education hub.
Jim Lampley|With optimism, you look upon the sunny side of things. People say, 'Studs, you're an optimist.' I never said I was an optimist. I have hope because what's the alternative to hope? Despair? If you have despair, you might as well put your head in the oven.
Deepak Chopra, The Seven Spiritual Laws of Superheroes: Harnessing Our Power to Change the World|Never limit yourself to what you can't do, but to what you have the power to do with what you have.
Henri Nouwen|We have proclaimed to the world our determination 'to die freemen, rather than to live slaves.' We have appealed to Heaven for the justice of our cause, and in Heaven we have placed our trust.
Stendhal|Let me warn you, if you start chasing after views, you'll be left without bread and without views.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|Kids want to know when Uncle Hold is coming back," James said with a shrug in his voice."Wow, and they're not even zombies yet?""No, but they're young, they have no taste.""Maybe you're the one with no taste.""Jimmy," he said, referring to his son, "eats crayons. Suzy," his daughter, "drinks air and pretends it's tea.""Maybe you should feed them once in a while.
Kendra L. Saunders|The feelings and the memories and the perceptions in me are my own, they are terrible and secret and if I can turn them out, if I can display them on canvas… or even on my skin if I must…” He turned his head and looked at her. “Then they are special. Do you see? I create from my secrets, from the halls in my soul.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|...when the petals fallSay it is beautiful and good, say it is well
Iain M. Banks, The Hydrogen Sonata|But nowhere in the file had anyone said, “Oh, and by the way, he runs like a gazelle with an espresso addiction.” At least not in the parts I’d skimmed.
Carrie Jones, Need|Find Sam Temple. Tell him you escaped.”Jack gulped and bobbed his head.“Better yet, find that girl, Astrid.” Diana recovered some of her mocking attitude. “Astrid the Genius. She’ll be desperate to save Sam.”“Okay. Okay.” He steeled himself. “I better go.”Diana touched his arm. “Tell them about Andrew.”Jack froze with his hand on the key. “That’s what you want me to do?”“Jack, if Sam blinks out, Drake will turn on me, and Caine won’t be able to stop him. Drake is stronger than before. I need Sam alive. I need someone for Drake to hate. I need balance. Tell Sam about the temptation. Warn him that he’ll be tempted to surrender to the big jump, but maybe, maybe, if he says no…” She sighed. It was not a hopeful sound. “Now: go.
Jim Rohn|Do a favor of yourself, watch what you like, do what you like, and be a person not what your wife/husband wants you to be, not the children which want you to be. Be the person which you want. (Remember this and repeat it often!)
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Sadly, the signals that allow men and women to find the partners who most please them are scrambled by the sexual insecurity initiated by beauty thinking. A woman who is self-conscious can't relax to let her sensuality come into play. If she is hungry she will be tense. If she is "done up" she will be on the alert for her reflection in his eyes. If she is ashamed of her body, its movement will be stilled. If she does not feel entitled to claim attention, she will not demand that airspace to shine in. If his field of vision has been boxed in by "beauty"--a box continually shrinking--he simply will not see her, his real love, standing right before him.
Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, If I Am Assassinated|Gregor flushed as he went on: "The entire content of the Confesions could be put into one single sentence in the book: when Augustine addresses God, saying: 'Thou hast made us for Thyself and our heart is unquiet until it rests in Thee.' This sentence, my lords and friends, is immortal. It contains the very heart of religion.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Running to him was real; the way he did it the realest thing he knew. It was all joy and woe, hard as a diamond; it made him weary behond comprehension. But it also made him free.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|She had not understood what it had been like for him to live his entire life underground, chained and beaten and crippled—until then. Until she heard that noise of undiluted, unyielding joy.Until she echoed it, tipping her head back to the clouds around them.They sailed over a sea of clouds, and Abraxos dipped his claws in them before tilting to race up a wind-carved column of cloud. Higher and higher, until they reached its peak and he flung out his wings in the freezing, thin sky, stopping the world entirely for a heartbeat.And Manon, because no one was watching, because she did not care, flung out her arms as well and savored the freefall, the wind now a song in her ears, in her shriveled heart.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|I've crossed some kind of invisible line. I feel as if I've come to a place I never thought I'd have to come to. And I don't know how I got here. It's a strange place. It's a place where a little harmless dreaming and then some sleepy, early-morning talk has led me into considerations of death and annihilation.
Lesley Howarth, MapHead: No.2|He might never hear of them again in his life. Or there again, he might. That was the joy of travelling. Anything could happen
Nancy Oliver|You Hang on to your pain like it means something; like it's worth something. Well, let me tell you, it's not worth shit, so let it go. Infinite Possibilities and all you can do is whine.""Well, what am I supposed to do?""What do you think? You can do anything, you lucky bastard; You're alive!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|To paraphrase Lucretius, there's nothing more useful than to watch a man or woman in times of contagious deadly disease peril combined with his or her assumptions of financial adversity to discern what kind of man or woman they really are.
Jeremy Seabrook, What Went Wrong?|The child tends to be stripped of all social influences but those of the market place, all sense of place, function and class is weakened, the characteristics of region and clan, neighborhood or kindred are attenuated. The individual is denuded of everything but appetities, desires and tastes, wrenched from any context of human obligation or commitment. It is a process of mutilation; and once this has been achieved, we are offered the consolation of reconstituting the abbreviated humanity out of the things and the goods around us, and the fantasies and vapors which they emit. A culture becomes the main determinant upon morality, beliefs and purposes, usurping more and more territory that formerly belonged to parents, teachers, community, priests and politics alike.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.
Katie Roiphe, Still She Haunts Me|When I was in school, I wanted to be W. Eugene Smith. He was a legendary staffer at Life, a consummate photojournalist, and an architect of the photo essay. He was also kinda crazy.That was obvious when he came to lecture at Syracuse University and put a glass of milk and a glass of vodka on the lectern. Both were gone at the end of the talk. He was taking questions and I was in the front row, hanging on every word.Mr. Smith, is the only good light available light?” came the question.He leaned into the microphone. “Yes,” he baritoned, and paused.A shudder ran through all of us. That was it! No more flash! God’s light or nothing!But then he leaned back into the mic, “By that, I mean, any &*%%@$ light that’s available.”Point taken.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|The souls of men are not measured by what they have done, but by what they leave behind.
Annie Besant|What, after all, is the object of education? To train the body in health, vigor and grace, so that it may express the emotions in beauty and the mind with accuracy and strength.
Ernest Cline, Armada|It’s okay to get lost every once in a while, sometimes getting lost is how we find ourselves.
Stephanie Lawton, Want|Bruiser stared in the mirror hanging in his locker and ran a comb through his blond hair, wishing he had dark hair like Harris, or a mean look like Zach, or even a guy-next-door like Derek. Hell no, he looked like a f***ing movie star and he f***ing hated it. –-Backfield in Motion
E.B. White, Here Is New York|The man who has many answersis often foundin the theaters of informationwhere he offers, graciously,his deep findings.While the man who has only questions,to comfort himself, makes music.
Walter Wangerin Jr., Paul|So go back to the books. They will comfort you and cheer you. If you earnestly work with them, neither sorrow nor anxiety nor distress nor suffering need trouble your mind any more, no, not evermore.
Duop Chak Wuol|It is not in our interest, I suppose, to let South Sudan fall under the category of the burdened societies. We must be critical about our own actions if we want to move forward as a nation proud of its immense diversity.
David Fincher|For a number of years, I'd been around the kind of people who financed movies and the kind of people who are there to make the deals for movies. But I'd always had this naive idea that everybody wants to make movies as good as they can be, which is stupid.
Erik Tavares, House of Corruption|Remember that if I were born of the underworld, you were born of flowers. You are the blood the forest feeds upon, and it is you who gave the woods their dark magic. Time doesn’t exist, and in another world I never left you. I’ve transformed your wounds into a scepter for a queen. The nightcatcher may think that she’s had her victory - but your veins are buried in the map of the earth and she can never have you. She thinks she can own the universe because she’s enslaved gods and eaten stars, but she couldn’t even kill me, living here in her tunnels, because you protected me with your love.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Knowing themselves to be faultless, they make it their mission to detect the myriad faults in others, against which they wage incessant tongue.
Tom Hodgkinson|I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place.
Kami Garcia|But I was beginning to feel like it all fit together, the same way everything in the bowl ends up in the bisquits, as Amma would say.
David Gemmell, Shield of Thunder|Nothing of real worth can ever be bought. Love, friendship, honour, valour, respect. All these things have to be earned.
George R.R. Martin|Armageddon,' Sandy said. 'The final battle. The ultimate confrontation between good and evil. That's what armageddon is supposed to be. Right?'Hobbins lifted a pale white eyebrow, said nothing.'Which side are we?' Sandy demanded. 'Which side are we?''That's one you got to work out yourself, friend. This ain't like in Tolkien, is it?
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|I want him to reach out to me, but I know he can't. He can't for all the same reasons I can't. It hurts too much. It's like an alcoholic taking a sip of wine; the pleasure of the indulgence would be immediate and swift, but the aftermath would be devastating.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Who is there that can adequately gauge the greatness of the humility, gentleness, self-surrender, revealed by the Lord of majesty in assuming human nature, in accepting the punishment of death, the shame of the cross?
Skillet|You can take my heart, you can take my breath when you pry it from my cold, dead chest.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|Memories sharp enough to cut himself on - the smells, the sounds, the feel of the air on his skin, the desperate hope and mad anger.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Because even if the whole world was throwing rocks at you, if you still had your mother or father at your back, you’d be okay. Some deep-rooted part of you would know you were loved. That you deserved to be loved.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped|But besides that I was of an unforgiving disposition from my birth, slow to take offense, slower to forget it, and now incensed both against my companion and myself.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Resolutions are most often empty promises for those who have an abundance of dreams, but refuse to wake up and live them.
Diane Moody, Confessions of a Prayer Slacker|I'm sure the holy refrigerator is packed solid with cartons of Blue Bell ice cream - times a million. All those amazing flavor combinations minus the calories and fat grams, of course. After all, we are talking about heaven here, amen?
George MacDonald, Lilith|Now I knew that life and truth were one; that life mere and pure is in itself bliss; that where being is not bliss, it is not life, but life-in-death. Every inspiration of the dark wind that blew where it listed went out a sigh of thanksgiving. At last I was! I lived, and nothing could touch my life! My darling walked beside me, and we were on our way home to see the Father!
Gilbert Baker|Emotional self-control is the result of hard work, not an inherent skill.
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|90 times truth is beyond expectations, 10 times expectations become truth.
Jamaica Kincaid, A Small Place|The song is an unvarnished love shout, an implorement tinged with...anger? Something like anger, but the anger of a philosoher, the anger of a pot. An anger directed at the transience of the world, at its heartbreaking beauty that collides constantly with our awareness of the fact that everything gets taken away, that we're being shown marvels but reminded always that they don't belong to us. They're sultans' treasures; we're lucky, we're expected to feel lucky to have been invited to see them at all.
Vikki Wakefield, All I Ever Wanted|Love ... was part imagination, its web spun as much in the dark lonely separated evenings of longing as in the shared times together.
Vihang A. Naik|I don't.""Don't what?" She asked, somewhat puzzled."I don't know many things. The only thing I know is that I know nothing.
Comte de Lautréamont, Maldoror and the Complete Works|Writers are much better behaved nowadays, for a couple of reasons. Once upon a time nobody was thinking of a career, unless you lived in New York, so there wasn’t as much pressure to present a respectable exterior. And secondly, there was no social media. So if you were found face down on the floor – people did do that quite a bit; usually men, but not always – or fell through plate glass windows or got into scrapes, it became a rumour, and rumours are hard to pin down.
Anita Brookner|Women share their sadness, thought Edith. Their joy they like to show off to one another. Victory, triumph over the odds, calls for an audience. And that air of bustle and exigence sometimes affected by the sexually loquacious - that is for the benefit of other women. No solidarity then.
Cassandra Clare|Come on guys, you cant fight like this forever""Actually," Simon said, raising his hand,"I can".Jace made a weird noise and I realized he was trying not to laugh-which by the way, wasn't working.
Rosamund Pike|He taught me never to smile, which helps me when I visit disaster sites.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|The world is small, but how we have so many information, so many questions how do they find space???If I put it on the disk, some how it will reach a limit and I can't download or install on this disk, but on the planet there isn't limit. But the planet is a small!
Prophet Mohammed|A person is a scholar as long as he seeks knowledge. Once he thinks he knows, only then he becomes an ignorant.
Edie Falco|I told my kids when they were little, 'Look, kids, your mother and I are screwing you up somehow. We don't understand how, or we wouldn't do it. But we're parents. So somehow we're damaging you, and I want you to know that early. So just ignore me when I go to that part of my parenting.'
C.S. Forester, Mr. Midshipman Hornblower|I thank God daily for the good fortune of my birth, for I am certain I would have made a miserable peasant.
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|Books were everywhere, lined neatly on shelves that went from floor to ceiling. The ceiling was two stories high, with an upper balcony that provided access to a second-floor gallery. The dazzling array f red, gold, green, and brown bindings was a feast for the eyes, while the wonderful smells of vellum, parchment, and pungent leather almost caused Amanda to salivate. An exquisite waft of tea leaves lingered in the air. For anyone who enjoyed the pursuit of reading, this place surely was paradise.
Bob Dylan|The dominant myth of the day seemed to be that anybody could do anything, even go to the moon. You could do whatever you wanted -in the ads and in the articles, ignore your limitations, defy them. If you were an indecisive person, you could become a leader and wear lederhosen. If you were a housewife, you could become a glamour girl with rhinestone sunglasses. Are you slow witted? No worries -you can be an intellectual genius. If you're old, you can be young. Anything was possible. It was almost like a war against the self.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|We think because we have words, not the other way around. The more words we have, the better able we are to think conceptually.
Jochen Zeitz|I always wanted to be a medical doctor, and I never thought of business.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In my quest to search for knowledge, I know God, the source of knowledge.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Make every moment last forever, because nothing else does.
Andrew Ashling|But you didn’t mention Orrigar I, the first king of the House of Chaldarina. He put an end to years of unrest and civil strife. Neither did you mention Ronnick II, the one who reformed the monetary system and forbade the Great Houses to mint their own coins, thus stabilizing our currency. At the time it saved Ximerion from going bankrupt.” “I’m sorry. I told you we weren’t big—” “It’s not that, Hemarchidas. You remembered the fighting kings, those who brought war, destruction and ephemeral glory. Or those who ended tragically. You forgot the wise administrators, those who kept the peace, those who brought prosperity. You needn’t feel embarrassed, though. So did history.” Hemarchidas looked at his friend as if he saw him for the first time. “So, all in all, Hemarchidas, I’d rather history forgot me.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|The very power of [textbook writers] depends on the fact that they are dealing with a boy: a boy who thinks he is ‘doing’ his ‘English prep’ and has no notion that ethics, theology, and politics are all at stake. It is not a theory they put into his mind, but an assumption, which ten years hence, its origin forgotten and its presence unconscious, will condition him to take one side in a controversy which he has never recognized as a controversy at all.
Louise Erdrich, The Master Butchers Singing Club|Inside her it was as if death didn’t exist, as if love could weld her, as if eternity were renewal.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|The Ferryman will transport us across the moat,” Chris informed. “Yeah. This seems legit,” Gabriella quipped as Chris helped her onto the boat. Andrew followed behind.“Are you sure this isn’t a trick?” Egnatious asked.Again, uncertainty filtered into Chris’s blue eyes, but he nodded anyway. “This is the only way.
MrFlufferTootle|The truth is that circumstances had done much to cultivate in Mrs. Tristram a marked tendency to irony. Her taste on many points differed from that of her husband, and though she made frequent concessions it must be confessed that her concessions were not always graceful. They were founded upon a vague project she had of some day doing something very positive, something a trifle passionate. What she meant to do she could by no means have told you; but meanwhile, nevertheless, she was buying a good conscience, by installments.
Carl R. Rogers, On Becoming a Person: A Therapist's View of Psychotherapy|But, you know, I feel more fellowship with the defeated than with saints. Heroism and sanctity don't really appeal to me, I imagine. What interests me is being a man.
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|What is the cost of replacing and bringing up to speed one of your managers, supervisors, or front-line employees who left because they were frustrated with your organization’s leadership?
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|He did look like an Italian of the worse type, though Vic didn't think he was, and it was an insult to the Italian race to assume that he was. He resembled no particular race, only an amalgamation of the worst elements of various Latin peoples. He looked as if he had spent all his life dodging blows that were probably aimed at him for good reason.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Feed the mind good wisdom, the body good nutrition, the soul good vibes, and the heart good love. Elevation for your situation.
Gerry Geek, Ice Breakers for Project Managers: Jokes, Quotes, and Brainteasers|By seeing what triggers procrastination, and then making a plan to flip those triggers, doing your taxes becomes attractive. If I found myself putting off doing my taxes, I might sit down and make a plan to changes those triggers. For example, if the trigg
Sylvia Plath|Poppies in JulyLittle poppies, little hell flames,Do you do no harm?You flicker. I cannot touch you.I put my hands among the flames. Nothing burns.And it exhausts me to watch youFlickering like that, wrinkly and clear red, like the skin of a mouth.A mouth just bloodied.Little bloody skirts!There are fumes that I cannot touch.Where are your opiates, your nauseous capsules?If I could bleed, or sleep!If my mouth could marry a hurt like that!Or your liquors seep to me, in this glass capsule,Dulling and stilling.But colorless. Colorless.
Akshay Vasu|For every God there is a Satan, and because God made all of us godly, there is a Satan in us all.
Benjamin Watson|Hire the best people, and trust what you hired them to do.
Jane Taylor Starwood, Shattered Blue|There was a bright flash of brilliant white light, like the midday summer sun reflecting off of a freshly cleaned mirror.And then it was gone.
ABC|If you don't get what you want, you want what you get
Anna Kendrick|Some guys have trouble sleeping the night before an important round. I never have. Invariably, I sleep longer and better, and have more dreams, when I'm in contention and feeling pressure.
Ayn Rand|A moment or an eternity—did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|If you think Atticus Finch went home at night and slept easy because he knew he was doing the right thing, you're wrong....Because even one voice in a wilderness of ignorance is a voice that is heard by someone. Because every woman and man, no matter their color or their religion, is entitled to a good defense. And because Jem and Scout would grow up to be like their father, spreading his wisdom, understanding his compassion and sharing his strength which are the only, the only weapons we have against injustice.
Johnny Depp|Now, bring me that horizon.
Martin Luther|There are no conditions to which a man cannot become used, especially if he sees that all around him are living in the same way.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|But the truth is that there is no more conscious inconsistency between the humility of a Christian and the rapacity of a Christian than there is between the humility of a lover and the rapacity of a lover. The truth is that there are no things for which men will make such herculean efforts as the things of which they know they are unworthy. There never was a man in love who did not declare that, if he strained every nerve to breaking, he was going to have his desire. And there never was a man in love who did not declare also that he ought not to have it.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Father and Future Felon|Nothing is easier to achieve than full employment, once it is divorced from the goal of full production and taken as an end in itself
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name. John 1:12Divine sonship is not something that we gain of ourselves. Only to those who receive Christ as their Saviour is given the power to become sons and daughters of God. The sinner cannot, by any power of his own, rid himself of sin. For the accomplishment of this result, he must look to a higher Power. John exclaimed, "Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world." Christ alone has power to cleanse the heart. He who is seeking for forgiveness and acceptance can say only,--"Nothing in my hand I bring;Simply to Thy cross I cling."But the promise of sonship is made to all who "believe on his name." Every one who comes to Jesus in faith will receive pardon.The religion of Christ transforms the heart. It makes the worldly-minded man heavenly-minded. Under its influence the selfish man becomes unselfish, because this is the character of Christ. The dishonest, scheming man becomes upright, so that it is second nature to him to do to others as he would have others do to him. The profligate is changed from impurity to purity. He forms correct habits; for the gospel of Christ has become to him a savor of life unto life.God was to be manifest in Christ, "reconciling the world unto himself." Man had become so degraded by sin that it was impossible for him, in himself, to come into harmony with Him whose nature is purity and goodness. But Christ, after having redeemed man from the condemnation of the law, could impart divine power, to unite with human effort. Thus by repentance toward God and faith in Christ, the fallen children of Adam might once more become "sons of God."When a soul receives Christ, he receives power to live the life of Christ.
Robert S. Graetz|I am planting a tree in this bomb crater to remind us that in the midst of death, there is life... and hope.
Susan Straight|Therefore, if we are a Nation of laws and a Nation of immigrants, immigration should occur within a legal framework, not through the machinations of illegal schemes and scams that threaten our national security.
Salman Rushdie|The present moment is the combination of future and past...so let's live and sometimes, sometimes let's just forget about the rest!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|You could heal him?" I asked, glancing at Hal."Could," said the wysling, "but won't, until I get what's 
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Believe it or not, the notions of free will and destiny are not mutually exclusive.Predestination is the universal framework of limits (based on natural physical laws) placed upon us.Free will is our infinite ability to make choices within that framework.Because the universal scale is so great—and most of it constitutes an undiscovered frontier—our choices are only limited by our knowledge, our abilities, and our imagination.To put it simply, the world is such a huge playground sandbox that we will never run out of sand or reach the faraway safety fence of destiny.So go out there and play!
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To buy women things, some men entertain. To entertain women, some men buy things.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|I thought that to get to know a desert it was enough to have been there. I thought that to have seen the dogs dying along the Cholula road, or to have seen the eyes of the lepers at Chiengmai gave me the right to talk about it. To have seen! To have been there! Rubbish! The world is not a book, it proves nothing. The spaces one has crossed were dark corridors with closed doors. The faces of the women to whom one gave oneself up completely: did they speak for anyone but themselves? The cities of man are secret. One walks along their streets, one sees them shine under one's feet, but one is not there, one never enters them. The dusty fields inhabited by people who are hungry, who wait patiently, are paradises of luxury and nourishment; shining at a vast distance from intelligence, at a vast distance from reason. They are not to be subjugated.
Greg Graffin|The past is dead, let's focus on tomorrow instead.
Camille Paglia|We must not be afraid to push boundaries; instead, we should leverage our science and our technology, together with our creativity and our curiosity, to solve the world's problems.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Love is thicker than blood, its blind to color, it is its own culture
Constantinos P. Cavafis, Before Time Could Change Them: The Complete Poems|ΕπιθυμίεςΣαν σώματα ωραία νεκρών που δεν εγέρασανκαι τάκλεισαν, με δάκρυα, σε μαυσωλείο λαμπρό,με ρόδα στο κεφάλι και στα πόδια γιασεμιά --έτσ' η επιθυμίες μοιάζουν που επέρασανχωρίς να εκπληρωθούν· χωρίς ν' αξιωθεί καμιάτης ηδονής μια νύχτα, ή ένα πρωϊ της φεγγερό."Desires"Like beautiful bodies of the dead who had not grown oldand they shut them, with tears, in a brilliant mausoleum,with roses at the head and jasmine at the feet --this is what desires resemble that have passedwithout fulfillment; without any of them having achieveda night of sensual delight, or a morning of brightness.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|As for those who state that it is thanks to a woman, the lady Eve, that man was expelled from paradise, my answer to them would be that man has gained far more through Mary than he ever lost through Eve.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Even though we'd put each other through hell, we'd found heaven. Maybe it was more than a couple of sinners like us deserved, but I wasn't going to complain.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I don't see,' I said, 'how people stand being old. Your insides all dry up. When you're young you're so self-reliant. You don't even need much religion.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Fateful encounters with a cruel world reveal our character. No human is immune from heartbreaking loss. Regardless of our socioeconomic status, eventually everybody shall suffer a grievous personal loss, a body blow that inflicts pain of inexpressible magnitude.
Betty White|If Charlton Heston can have a constitutional right carry a rifle, why can't grandma have a constitutional right to health care?
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|If dual torment is to be my one condition,both of loving and being loved I would quit.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|Cal's eyes flicker, out to the trees. But he's not looking at the leaves. His gaze is in the past, to something more painful. "She killed my true mother as well. And she'll kill all of us if we let her."The words come out hard and harsh, a rusty blade to saw flesh. They taste wonderful in my mouth. "Not if I kill her first."For all his talents, Cal is not a violent person. He can kill you in a thousand different ways, lead an army, burn down a village, but he will not enjoy it. So his next words take me by surprise."When the time comes," he says, staring at me, "we'll flip a coin."His bright flame has grown dark indeed.
Alex|They taught you to fear God, and blame the devil for you sins,They promised you paradise, but hell if you disagree, They told you to seek without, and wait for eternal life,They told you a lie.There is no God to fear or a devil to blame,It is only you and yourself,Sometimes a god and sometimes Fear,They told you to seek without,They told you a lie
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for you? But I have noticed that you and your family seem less than happy of late. . . . What is it about my presence in your home that displeases you, Lucius?”“Nothing — nothing, my Lo
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|The longer I observe the way people really act, the happier I am that I never pay attention to them.
David Gaider, The Calling|Make me a weapon,” I whispered as he pulled away. “Make it so I never have to dream about this again—make it so we can have this…forever.
David Leonhardt|When you assume you make a you-know-what out of U and me. Yep, so let's stop assuming so much. We are often quick to explain details to strangers, who we understand might not be reading our minds, but we often assume that those people closest to us, those who share our household such as spouses, children parents and siblings, can read our minds. And we get upset with them when they don't go figure.I wonder how many angry words are directed not at an action or inaction as would at first appear, but simply at the fact that somebody did not read our minds.So let's give those people we care most about the benefit of the doubt and do a little less assuming and a little more explaining.
Saiber, Stardust and Sheets|A Writer in Love.I was just a word weaverWhat did I know of love?Only thatSome days when the words weren’t enough,I knewI was in love.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Obviously the choices of other people affect our lives, but we are the primary creators of our experience.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|Is it not a sign of immaturity to wish for someone's downfall? To wish that he or she fails at whatever productive endeavours they are aiming at? Wishing to be the only one succeeding, while everyone else fails?It's a world where we are all dependent on one another, one way or the other; and trade is happening at a much more sophisticated level than ever before. It is to our collective benefit for people to succeed.
Randi Weingarten|While positive mental states may be associated with less stress and more resilience to infection, positive well-being might also be accompanied by a healthy lifestyle.
Chris Tucker|Money isn't the most important thing in life, but it's reasonably close to oxygen on the 'gotta have it' scale.
Auliq-Ice|Gratitude turns disappointment into lessons learned, discoveries made, alternatives explored, and new plans set in motion.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|No matter what Joe Hoffman and Wade Preston say, it's not gender that makes a family; it's love. You don't need a mother and a father; you don't necessarily even need two parents. You just need someone who's got your back.
Jenna Alatari|When I stood there, looking out the window at the raindrops and thinking of everything I lost, I forgot everything I have. When I remembered everything I have, I forgot everything I lost.
Stephen Richards, It's Criminal: The True Confessions of a Jet Set Master Criminal|I waltzed into the hall with my escort of five screws like some rapper with his well-paid entourage. A fiendish looking, little bastard with blonde hair and a crooked nose came up to me and said, ‘Okay, Holland, welcome to Shotts. Welcome to the man-eater!
David Petraeus|Over the years, I've interviewed thousands of people, most of them women, and I would say that the root of every dysfunction I've ever encountered, every problem, has been some sense of a lacking of self-value or of self-worth.
BinYamin Gulzar|...and it's that time of the day when the fatigue sets in. No, not the physical type of fatigue that goes with a stretching of limbs or a session in my sauna ~which in fact is sparkling signifying it's existence for sheer aesthetics rather that practical use!It was that mental fatigue , when my soul was exhausted and weary; that I needed a shot of Gatorade;just to calm my nerves,stopping me from hallucinationsand let me fall asleep!
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Hatred. Something almost as physical as walls, pianos, or nurses. She could almost touch the destructive energy leaking out of her body. She allowed the feeling to emerge, regardless of whether it was good or bad; she was sick of self-control, of masks, of appropriate behavior. Veronika wanted to spend her remaining two or three days of life behaving as inappropriately as she could.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Unfortunately we do treat others as we treat ourselves. We should try being genuinely kind to ourselves first and the rest will come naturally, like an 18-kt. Golden Rule.” ― Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain
Bill Brandt|Instead of going out, I'm trying to encourage people to have a memorable experience in their own home. We call it 'Delicioso Night In.' I invite the people I care about the most. Then, when I get a lot of people together, I like to have finger foods.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|The harp sounds at each passing breeze, but that does not mean the tune is masterfully played.
Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend|This young man did not date anyone but his wife, claiming it works much better when God's in charge.
Anna Aquino|Jennifer was good at her job and loved it. However, I hated the fact she was forced on me. She was young, beautiful, and thin. Everything I never felt that I was, and she always insisted on wearing heels and cute little suits in the office. Really? Who had such bionic feet that they could wear those day in and day out. My attitude toward her bordered on civil with a touch of sarcasm. I was sure she had stories to tell the women in the church on how hard I was to work with. I told myself I didn’t care. I’d wear flip-flops and flats at my desk and sequester all shoes over a two-inch heel to be worn only on Sundays.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|We tell people to follow their dreams, but you can only dream of what you can imagine, and, depending on where you come from, your imagination can be quite limited.
George Takei|I think people who have good parents come into the world with a strength, yes, and an advantage.
Tim Relf, Stag|To lose everything is not the worst can happen.""It's starting again, from nothing, with nothing," Otah said."Is exactly this," Maj agreed, then a moment later. "Starting again, and doing better.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In poverty a man is alone. But with prosperity, He has many friends.
Kathleen Dowling Singh, The Grace in Aging: Awaken as You Grow Older|Love one another." If we took those simple words to heart, we'd already be the Buddhas Jesus wanted us to be.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|And when I raised myself to look at the man who’d spoken, I had a feeling of leaving my misery behind me there on the stone wall.
Robin Gibb|Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
Bill Callahan, Letters to Emma Bowlcut|When I moved, I unearthed the diaries I kept for ten years. I sat and went through them and they were a worthless burden to own. People will say it's tragic I threw them out, but I know it isn't.
Haley Walsh, Foxe Tail|Something had lubricated us. Something had washed us clean. I understood, and at the same minute I understood that that they all understood, too. Hate had passed away, and in its place was the other word that's just as big. ("Golden Baby")
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Oftentimes it's the smallest, seemingly inconsequential acts that make the biggest differences in our lives.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Aesthetic enthusiasm. Perception of beauty in the external world, or, on the other hand, in words and their right arrangement. Pleasure in the impact of one sound on another, in the firmness of good prose or the rhythm of a good story. Desire to share an experience which one feels is valuable and ought not to be missed. The aesthetic motive is very feeble in a lot of writers, but even a pamphleteer or writer of textbooks will have pet words and phrases which appeal to him for non-utilitarian reasons; or he may feel strongly about typography, width of margins, etc. Above the level of a railway guide, no book is quite free from aesthetic considerations.
Jeff Dixon, The Key to the Kingdom: Unlocking Walt Disney's Magic Kingdom|What is life? Thoughts and feelings arise, with or without our will, and we employ words to express them. We are born, and our birth is unremembered and our infancy remembered but in fragments. We live on, and in living we lose the apprehension of life. How vain is it to think that words can penetrate the mystery of our being. Rightly used they may make evident our ignorance of ourselves, and this is much.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Every opportunity, every influence and affluence you possess, could not have been for you alone, but to act as a platform to impact a generation.
Adam Hargreaves, Mr. Lazy's Guide to Fitness|It is important to keep in mind that our bodies must work pretty well, or their wouldn't be so many humans on the planet.
Steve Maraboli|The efforts of a leader will be emulated. Depending on the quality of appointed leadership, this can be medicine or poison to a living business.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I live in two unique worlds, traveling between both with just the opening or closing of my eyes.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Aggression, rage and violence are archetypal foundations of manhood.
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Winners Never Cheat: Even in Difficult Times|Truth, most succinctly defined is: That Which Is So. Non-Truth, most succinctly defined is: That Which Is Not So.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes volume 2|Your mind will never be dull, if you remember there is never enough to learn for it to be to full.
RVM|Don’t let the present pass in sorrow, hoping that the future will be full of Joy.
Marcus Brigstocke|Melrose is the finest remaining specimen of Gothic architecture in Scotland. Some of the sculptured flowers in the cloister arches are remarkably beautiful and delicate, and the two windows - the south and east oriels - are of a lightness and grace of execution really surprising.
Julie Adair King, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|When kids are unhappy, we don’t have to prop them up with frantic praise. It’s more helpful to say, "Ugh, you are not happy with the way that bicycle came out. It doesn't look like what you see in your head. It's not easy to draw a bike. It's hard to put something from real life onto a flat piece of paper and get it to look right.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|When you say to someone "follow your heart", it actually refers to the rhetorical representation of various emotions, that are precisely produced from neural activity of the limbic system.
Garry Fitchett|Customers don't just want another cool product or service, they want to have an experience worth sharing
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.
Raynold Manuel|Weight him, weight, weight him with the sleepiness of themoon.It was only a glass because he looked in it. It was nothing hecould be told.It was a language he spoke, because he must, yet did not know.It was a page he had found in the handbook of heartbreak.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|You keep right on building that fence, Faye. See what good it does you.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Pretty things can be denied when it is beauty that comes from a place inside. Your outer appearance may have its place but to walk in beauty is to walk in grace. So lift your confidence to gain inner merit, then walk in beauty and connect to your spirit. Embellish yourself with art for fun, it enhances, inspires and in beauty, YOU RUN!"Maiara, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|I am the rightful ruler of this world And now that I, too, have awakened, like my dragons, I have come to take back what is mine.
François Mauriac|If you would tell me the heart of a man, tell me not what he reads, but what he rereads.
Ejump Schiffler|Listen to life story of few people, made me think 'human being are prefer to leave than to be replaced..it take years to recover the pain..once recovered and they accept you, appreciate it...its hard to trust other people twice (Ejump,2016)
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|The OPA man, Anderson Dawes, was sitting on a cloth folding chair outside Miller's hole, reading a book. It was a real book - onionskin pages bound in what might have been actual leather. Miller had seen pictures of them before; the idea of that much weight for a single megabyte of data struck him as decadent.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|May you know always that you are never alone, that life and love are eternal, and that you are extraordinary.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|If she was suggesting she was too wise with the weight of her experience to fall prey to infatuation - well, the disproof was sitting before her in the form of a gray-eyed prince with a thoughtful set to his mouth that she found quite distracting.”Fire, Kristin Cashore“If she was suggesting she was too wise with the weight of her experience to fall prey to infatuation - well, the disproof was sitting before her in the form of a gray-eyed prince with a thoughtful set to his mouth that she found quite distracting.
Robert W. Service, The Cremation of Sam McGee|Now a promise made is a debt unpaid, and the trail has its own stern code.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|In the shadows, we all are the same. Dark, inconsistent and indifferent. And if someone loves you dark, he loves all of you. Because when it is dark, the shadow is within you. It is the light that differentiates us with an identity. It is the light that marks our shadows.Light never guarantees love.
Hermann Hesse|Once he said to her: 'You are like me; you are different from other people. You are Kamala and no one else, and within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat any time and be yourself, just as I can. Few people have that capacity and yet everyone could have it.
Emily P. Freeman, Grace for the Good Girl: Letting Go of the Try-Hard Life|Love is the perfect safety, or the perfect weapon.
StorySmitten|Spooky things, people, places, scents and sounds together or alone can create a powerful adrenalin rush and it floods the senses.
Molière, The Misanthrope|If perchance a friend should betray you; if he forms a subtle plot to get hold of what is yours; if people should try to spread evil reports about you, would you tamely submit to all this without flying into a rage?
Elvis Presley|I love horror, I love scary movies, I love thrillers. If things creep you out and spook you? I love it.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|He gave his Son, his one and only Son. And this is why: so that no one need be destroyed; by believing in him, anyone can have a whole and lasting life. God didn't go to all the trouble of sending his Son merely to point an accusing finger, telling the world how bad it was. He came to help, to put the world right again. Anyone who trusts in him is acquitted; anyone who refuses to trust him has long since been under the death sentence without knowing it. And why? Because of that person's failure to believe in the one-of-a-kind Son of God when introduced to him.
Joel R. Beeke, Why Christ Came: 31 Meditations on the Incarnation|In Christ’s first coming, He implemented a rescue plan conceived in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. He did not come to promote holiday cheer, boost end-of-year sales, or serve as the central figure in a Nativity scene. He came to save sinners. To save sinners, Christ had to put away what makes people sinners–namely, sin.
Victoria J. Barnett, Bystanders: Conscience and Complicity During the Holocaust|And we, from within the sigh of the trees, and the soft moss underfoot, and the calling of night birds, watched him as he watched, gazing where he should not.
Abhijit Naskar|Books may be the most valuable treasure of knowledge, but it is the human mind, that turns that knowledge into wisdom.
Brian Jacques, Mossflower|Tell the Queen that there's been a robin red-breast hanging about Kotir grounds. It flies down low and vanishes near the floor. Cludd thinks it might be something to do with those woodlanders. Now, I'm to say nothing to Fortunata or Ashleg...'I must tell the Queen that a robin has seen Cludd hanging about. No, that's not right. I must tellt he robin taht Cludd has been hanging the Queen.
Mr. Big|Hold on little girlShow me what he's done to youStand up little girlA broken heart can't be that badWhen it's through, it's through Fate will twist the both of you So come on baby come on over Let me be the one to show you
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|It seemed that having girlfriends was a sign of innocence and a boundless capacity to care about other women. The hearts in that photograph and multiple strings attached to multiple other hearts. Everything was less about cliché and more about camaraderie. We weren't out for ourselves, we were out for each other. When had I forgotten that? When had I cut the pink wire?
Norton Juster|You lost your son, but reality he is alive, my father I lost him I know on 99% he is dead if this is faken okay, I will know that he is alive, but who knows?? I haven't met him after I lost him, you met your son didn't you?? And then you lost him, it sounds fair does it?? (Storm Of The Century by Stephen King)
Hailee Steinfeld|I was studying to be an architect, I wasn't plotting to join the movies. Films were just another career option. I took acting up with the same schoolgirl enthusiasm I had for examinations. Acting is a job and I take it very seriously.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|This was the first time I noticed it, the inevitable space between father and man.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|What can't you bear?''This island,' Gabe says. He breathes a long pause between every word he says. 'That house you and Finn are in. People talking. The fish - goddamn fish. I'll smell like them for the rest of my life. The horses. Everything. I can't do it any more.'. . . It feels like he's confessed that he's dying of a disease I've never heard of, with symptoms I can't see.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|What about you, Michel, what are you going to do here?'The response closest to the truth was probably something like 'Nothing'; but it's always difficult to explain that kind of thing to an active person.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|He could not afford to indulge misery, to live in the past and stumble through life facing backwards.
Robert Jordan, The Shadow Rising|Sorry," I said to the Duke."Eh, it's not your fault. It's Carla's fault. You were turning the wheel. Carla just wasn't listening. I knew I shouldn't have loved her. She's like all the others, Tobin; as soon as I confess my love, she abandons me."I laughed. "I never abandoned you," I said patting on her back."Yeah, well, (a.) I never confessed my love to you, and (b.) I'm not even female to you.
John Gribbin, In Search of Schrödinger's Cat: Quantum Physics and Reality|There is something lamentable, degrading, and almost insane in pursuing the visionary schemes of past ages with dogged determination, in paths of learning which have been investigated by superior minds, and with which such adventurous persons are totally unacquainted. The history of Perpetual Motion is a history of the fool-hardiness of either half-learned, or totally ignorant persons.
Luanne Rice, Silver Bells|We think we've seen it all before, we think we know it all by heart.
Vladimir Nabokov, Strong Opinions|The few times I said to myself anywhere: ‘Now that’s a nice spot for a permanent home,’ I would immediately hear in my mind the thunder of an avalanche carrying away the hundreds of far places which I would destroy by the very act of settling in one particular nook of the earth.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|How strange it was to think that he, who such a short time ago dared not believe in the happiness of her loving him, now felt unhappy because she loved him too much!
Swami Sivananda|I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
Kevin Bacon|My dad was an architect, and he wasn't a rich guy, but in our little world in Philadelphia, he was famous. He loved to see his picture in the paper. I wanted to be more famous than him.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|The truth is, you can never really know a man until you've loaned him money. And you can never know a woman until you've slept in her bed.
Jamie Arpin-Ricci, The Cost of Community: Jesus, St. Francis and Life in the Kingdom|Incarnation is good news not because it offers us a way out of the mess of this world, but because it shows us what God's love looks like here and now.
E. M. Bounds|Jesus is moved to happiness every time He sees that you appreciate what He has done for you. Grip His pierced hand and say to Him  "I thank Thee  Savior  because Thou hast died for me." Thank Him likewise for all the other blessings He has showered upon you from day to day. It brings joy to Jesus.
Patrick Ness|Repentance of spirit, resurrection of soul.
Jessica Biel|I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything.
Nathan Robert Brown, The Mythology of Supernatural: The Signs and Symbols Behind the Popular TV Show|I don't mind having to die now, for I see that he is the cause of my death is about to share the same fate.
Cheryl Hines|One thing that was really dope for me was that my dad had a '78 Corvette, '78 or '76 Corvette all my life. It always needed to be fixed up. I remember it's just been sitting in the driveway for years, and I got it fixed from top to bottom for his birthday.
Jodi Picoult|Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.
Robert Jordan, How They Did It: Billion Dollar Insights from the Heart of America|Image perception makes a big difference. That's one of the things I tell entrepreneurs today. Fine, focus on products, focus on customers and all that good stuff - that's necessary. But the image that you project is also key. Don't forget that.
Ashly Lorenzana|The end of a relationship is not always a failure. Sometimes all the love in the world is not enough to save something. In these cases, it is not a matter of fault from either person. Some things cannot be, it's as simple as that.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|If she were drowning, I'd hold her head under
Tim Fargo|If you want to have the time of your life, change how you use the time in your life.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|We're deciding the fate of the multiverse with a flip of a coin. Heads or tails, doc. If that isn't a game, I don't know what is.
Śāntideva|All that may be wished for, will by nature fade to nothing.
George Saunders, Tenth of December|I guess you just have to trust your kids, trust that their innate interest in life will win out in the end, don’t you think?
Katharine Lee Bates|Working with the dying is like being a midwife for this great rite of passage of death. Just as a midwife helps a being take their first breath, you help a being take their last breath.
Wilkie Collins, The Moonstone|If you will look about you (which most people won't do)," says Sergeant Cuff, "you will see that the nature of a man's tastes is, most times, as opposite as possible to the nature of a man's business.
John Szarkowski, The Photographer's Eye|For me the camera is a sketch book, an instrument of intuition and spontaneity, the master of the instant which, in visual terms, questions and decides simultaneously. In order to "give a meaning" to the world, one has to feel oneself involved in what one frames through the viewfinder. This attitude requires concentration, a discipline of the mind, sensitivity, and a sense of geometry.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When a child truly understands his grand potential, he looks to the stars not simply to make a wish but to chart a destination.
Anthony Liccione|The use of drugs is not an effective means of facilitating real escape. It merely gives that erroneous and illusive impression. Well, illusive with an I and elusive with an E. At best, narcotics do no more than promote bonhomie and give you a temporary taste of what freedom might be like; and drugs take you into another sub-level of, or sub-culture in, the same old game. The same old game, but with additional consequences. And at worst, well ... suffice it to say that you really, really do not want to go there.
Mark Lawrence|Something in me died at Peleliu. Perhaps it was the childish innocence that accepted as faith the claim that Man is basically good. Possibly I lost faith that politicians in high places, who do not have to endure war's savagery, will ever stop blundering and sending others to endure it.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Positive people on the other had are not those who deny what is going on around them for some pie-in-the-sky type of thinking. Positive people are very award of the problems, disasters and difficulties that are happening all around them. What they do not do is give into defeat.
Cloris Kylie|You have two choices: To live an unconscious life, or to be conscious of your magnificence.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|The emphasis in Scripture is not the amount we give, but the attitude with which we give.
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|A quiet peacefulness stole through him, dimming the sharp sense of loss. His arms contracted around her, the pressure fierce. “I’m coming to find you once the trial’s over,” he murmured against the top of her head. She kissed his chest. “You’d better.” “We’re not done,” he told her. “Not by a long shot.” She hummed in agreement and caressed his chest with her fingertips. Nate stroked the length of her spine, savoring the silky texture of her skin. He missed her already and she was still lying naked in his arms. “Just a few more days and this’ll all be over.” “Don’t make me wait too long, okay?” “I won’t.” He leaned his head back, tipped her chin up with one hand until she met his eyes. If there was even a tiny part of her that doubted his intentions, he wanted that cleared up now. “I’ve never felt like this about anyone before.” Her eyes softened and she smiled that serene smile that soothed him deep inside. “Me neither.” He could drown in this woman and die a happy man. He admired her so damn much. “You’re strong, baby. So much stronger than you even realize. You’ve got this.” “Have I got you, though?” Normally the question would have freaked him out. Hearing it from her made him feel insanely possessive. “Yeah, you’ve got me, baby.” He was falling so hard and so fast, and it didn’t even faze him. “Then I can handle everything else on my own,” she whispered, and pulled his mouth down to hers.
Carl Sandburg|I like to edit my sentences as I write them. I rearrange a sentence many times before moving on to the next one. For me, that editing process feels like a form of play, like a puzzle that needs solving, and it's one of the most satisfying parts of writing.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|And so when you see a man often wearing the robe of office, when you see one whose name is famous in the Forum, do not envy him; those things are bought at the price of life. They will waste all their years, in order that they may have one year reckoned by their name.
Jessica Posner, Find Me Unafraid: Love, Loss, and Hope in an African Slum|I think of what it means to be a teenager in America, necessarily pushing boundaries, making expected mistakes. Here there is no margin for error: a mistake, no matter how insignificant, dashes any small hopes to break the cycle of poverty. Here in Kibera the world is relentless and unforgiving.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Pick a mentor. The role of a mentor is to monitor your movements. When you desire to move the positive way and you connect with someone who thinks the negative way, you can’t get there!
Mara Grunbaum, WTF, Evolution?!: A Theory of Unintelligible Design|Charles Darwin's only mistake was in not being a physicist, because the entire process of evolution started before our planet formed, with the event called the big bang, at this point our knowledge is such that I can hazard this further observation, all of the building blocks of life started at that moment, and that is how far we can back track this process of evolution.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|I'm Crusty," he said, with a tartar-yellow smile.I resisted the urge to say, Yes, you are.
Angie karan|Look for the inner ANGEL in yourself. Doing good and spreading JOY can be as natural here on Earth as it is in Heaven. Sharing our LOVE is not only easy to do, it is what we are meant to do. May we take the time today to find the inner angel inside ourselves. I hope that we let that angel out to bless the world with our love and always remember that we don't need wings to fly!
Phillip E. Johnson, Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds|That's the trouble with you preachers," he said. "You've all got too good to believe in anything," and he drove off with a look of disgust and righteousness.
Katie McGarry, Walk the Edge|He holds Willem so close that he can feel muscles from his back to his fingertips come alive, so close that he can feel Willem's heart beating against his, can feel his rib cage against his, and his stomach deflating and inflating with air. 'Harder,' Willem tells him, and he does until his arms grow first fatigued and then numb, until his body is sagging with tiredness, until he feels that he really is falling: first through the mattress, and then the bed frame, and then the floor itself, until he is sinking in slow motion through all the floors of the building, which yield and swallow him like jelly. Down he goes through the fifth floor, where Richard's family is now storing stacks of Moroccan tiles, down through the fourth floor, which is empty, down through Richard and India's apartment, and Richard's studio, and then to the ground floor, and into the pool, and then down and down, farther and farther, past the subway tunnels, past bedrock and silt, through underground lakes and oceans of oil, through layers of fossil and shale, until he is drifting into the fire at the earth's core. And the entire time, Willem is wrapped around him, and as they enter the fire, they aren't burned but melted into one being, their legs and chests and arms and heads fusing into one.
Hugh MacLeod, Evil Plans: Having Fun on the Road to World Domination|It's only a story.' As if such words made it less real. But I did not believe him even then, for stories were written down, and the words on the page were proof enough. Fixed and permanent in time, the words, if anything, made the people and places more real than the everchanging world.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.""And what is that nightmare, Craig?""Life.
Larry Page|There never is a good time for tough decisions. There will always be an election or something else. You have to pick courage and do it. Governance is about taking tough, even unpopular, decisions.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Many people believe they have found the key to Heaven's gate, not realizing that there is no key hole. It is a barrier upon which you must knock. And I believe that it is by our small and simple acts of kindness that we find the gate left ajar.
Mark Udall|If you don't understand that you work for your mislabeled 'subordinates', then you know nothing of leadership. You know only tyranny.
Fran Lebowitz|One of the things I'm trying to do over and over again in my books is create new mythologies, create new ways to understand the complexity of the world. I think what mythology does is impress upon chaotic experience the patterns, hierarchies and shapes which allow us to interpret the chaos and make fresh sense of it.
Thomas J. Watson|On a group of theories one can found a school; but on a group of values one can found a culture, a civilization, a new way of living together among men.
Eric Kandel|Let ignorance talk as it will, learning has its value.
Samuel R. Delany, The Motion Of Light In Water: Sex And Science Fiction Writing In The East Village|...I looked out the window at walls of moonlit cloud rising beside us as though we we were at the bottom of some, gray and ivory canyon, hung above the moon-smashed sea...But, with whatever hindsight, I suppose the reason that I want to close on a consideration of these words is that the moon-solid progress through high, drifting cumulus is — read them again — at the very opposite of what we perceive on a liquid's tilting and untilting top, and so becomes the other privileged pole among the images of this study, this essay, this memoir. Or perhaps, as it is only a clause whose syntactic place has been questioned by my own unscholarly researches, I merely want to fix it before it vanishes like water, like light, like the play between them we only suggest, but never master, with the word motion.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Acts don't mean anything. Acts do not matter--you,your awareness, your being conscious,mindful, is what matters. What you do is not the concern.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|It's not about adding diversity for the sake of diversity, it's about subtracting homogeneity for the sake of realism.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Alone in the car with my social life all before and behind me, I was suspended in the beautiful solitude of the open road, in a kind of introspection that only outdoor space generates, for inside and outside are more intertwined than the usual distinctions allow. The emotion stirred by the landscape is piercing, a joy close to pain when the blue is deepest on the horizon or the clouds are doing those spectacular fleeting things so much easier to recall than to describe.
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|Village life gently swirled around them, with the perpetual ebb and flow of people, scurrying in every direction. The village was a living, organic entity, with blood flowing through its veins, and with a definite pulse and heartbeat. It had its own distinct personality and its own dark caustic humour, and was constantly processing and regurgitating information through its winding, meandering streets.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|I’m a keeper of flocks.The flock is my thoughtsAnd my thoughts are all sensations.I think with my eyes and with my earsAnd with my hands and feetAnd with my nose and mouth.Thinking about a flower is seeing and smelling itAnd eating a piece of fruit is knowing its meaning.That’s why when on a hot dayI feel sad from liking it so much,And I throw myself lengthwise on the grassAnd shut my hot eyes,And feeling my whole body lying on reality,I know the truth and I’m happy.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|You keep waiting for the moral of your life to become obvious, but it never does. Work, work, work: No moral. No plot. No eureka! Just production schedules and days. You might as well be living inside a photocopier. Your lives are all they're ever going to be.
Iain M. Banks, Inversions|In the modern world, human beings display little tolerance for waiting. We are addicted to fast food, instant messaging, and other conveniences of life. Patience is a lost virtue.
Barbara Bush|Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
Keke Palmer|I've always had a big personality. I was trickier as a kid. I behaved erratically instead of consistently. I would have tons of friends, and then I would have no friends. I'd be with the cool girls, then the uncool girls. I migrated from group to group because I was bored or people got bored with me. I was very intense.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our exterior world affects our internal landscape, our inner world affects our interpretation of physical sense impressions, and the combination of emotions, thoughts, and physical sensations influences how we address reality.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Memory is the coherence of life, that possesses all your emotions, and ambitions. Without it, your joyous as well as agonizing experiences of life won’t have any significance to you whatsoever.
Dr. Seuss|When we encourage othersWith no personal motives,We raise high, very high,Humanity's progress-standard.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|Aristotle didn't have a problem with abortion," she says. "Oh, well, good, that's a comfort," I say.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life can end any time, any day.
Dejan Stojanovic|Without space, there is no time.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Fresh Complaint|Pay no attention to the terrors that visit you in the night. The psyche is at its lowest ebb then, unable to defend itself. The desolation that envelops you feels like truth, but isn't. It's just mental fatigue masquerading as insight.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to know your ministry, you need to start serving and be under the leadership of someone, who already knows his ministry
Noah Hawley, Other People's Weddings|I'm thirty-six years old and I've been married once and he left and I don't want to feel this way anymore. Like I can't be vulnerable. Can't relax. It's exhausting, always being on the defensive, keeping my guard up. I feel like Cuba.
Bob Dylan|Brevity Is Best: Nicknamed "Silent Cal," President Calvin Coolidge was once challenged by a reporter, saying, "I bet someone that I could get more than two words out of you." Coolidge responded, "You lose." The notion of crafting six word memoirs really took off after Smith Magazine shared this poignant one written by Ernest Hemingway: "For Sale: baby shoes, never worn." Pithiness Pays Off For Other Reasons: When required to be brief, for example, we gain clarity about what we really mean -- or have to offer. As Mark Twain once wrote, in a slower-paced time, "I didn't have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead.
Oscar Wilde|Failure is only the name that we give to our mistakes."-Oscar Wilde
Roman Payne|Favoring 'resolution' the way we do, it is hard for us men to write great love stories. Why?, because we want to tell too much. We aren’t satisfied unless at the end of the story the characters are lying there, panting.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|If you do not pray, you easily become a prey!
Yahtzee Croshaw, Will Save the Galaxy for Food|Sheriff, are you suggestin' the victom was kidnapped?""I'm only statin' that, at this time, we have no body, only nonvital body parts...
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|She’s leaving me!”“Leaving? She’s been waiting for you to get your shit together.”I step into him. “That Hunter bastard is offering her the world! What do I got to give? Nothing. I’ve got nothing.”Isaiah slams his finger into my biceps. “She looks at you like you’re the whole universe! I’d kill to have a sliver with Beth of what you have with Echo. Wake the f*ck up!”I pound my hand to my chest, mimicking the pain slicing it. “Echo’s leaving me.”“No, man. You’re the one leaving her,” he seethes. “Get it together or she will walk.
Rachelle Dekker, The Choosing|Never forget that all these people are primarily a visual people. They are designers, window dressers, models, photographers, graphic artists. They design the windows at Saks. Do you understand? They are a visual people, and they value the eye, and their sins, as Saint Augustine said, are the sins of the eye. And being people who live on the surface of the eye, they cannot be expected to have minds or hearts. It sounds absurd but it’s that simple. Everything is beautiful here, and that is all it is: beautiful. Do not expect anything else, do not expect nourishment for anything but your eye—and you will handle it all beautifully. You will know exactly what you are dealing with.
Isaac Asimov|Perhaps, if I use my reason in good faith, I may suceed in discovering some ray of probability to lighten me in the dark night of nature. And if this faint dawn which I seek does not come to me, I shall be consoled to think that my ignorance is invincible; that knowledge which is forbidden me is assuredly useless to me; and that the great Being will not punish me for having sought a knowledge of him and failed to obtain it.
Ronald Reagan|From my own being, and from the dependency I find in myself and my ideas, I do, by an act of reason, necessarily infer the existence of a God, and of all created things in the mind of God.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|Despite having known him for almost a year, there were a lot of things I still didn't know about Zachary Goode. Like how soap and shampoo could smell so much better on him than anyone else. Like where he went when he wasn't mysteriously showing up at random (and frequently dangerous) points in my life. And, most of all, I didn't know how, when he mentioned the jacket, he made me think about the sweet, romantic part of the night last November when he'd given it to me, and not the terrible, bloody, international-terrorists-are-trying-to-kidnap-me part that came right after
Susan Marie|My dear Keats go on, don't despair, collect incidents, study characters, read Shakespeare and trust in Providence.
Kendare Blake, Three Dark Crowns|It will not be easy for him to see her dead, should they become close. But she has so few friends. She cannot turn one away.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When they are authentically engaged, their positive impressions create memorable moments and leave a lasting impact. Physical beauty becomes irrelevant because their exuberance and engagement bring out the beauty in you.
Gena Showalter, Through the Zombie Glass|The on and off thing is kind of annoying, isn't it? First with Cole, now with Gavin. "Maybe you need a tune up." I rolled my eyes. "I'll just pop into the supernatural ability repair shop sometime tomorrow." He grinned, his fingers tracing the line of my jaw.
TheKatAttack|Suicide is the way OUT of life, but, leaving everyone behind is the way INTO sadness.
Mark Twain|Political cynicism, disengagement, democratic decadence — call it what you will — is too often an excuse for physical and intellectual laziness.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The writing style which is most natural for you is bound to echo the speech you heard when a child. English was the novelist Joseph Conrad's third language, and much of that seems piquant in his use of English was no doubt colored by his first language, which was Polish. And lucky indeed is the writer who has grown up in Ireland, for the English spoken there is so amusing and musical. I myself grew up in Indianapolis, where common speech sounds like a band saw cutting galvanized tin, and employs a vocabulary as unornamental as a monkey wrench.In some of the more remote hollows of Appalachia, children still grow up hearing songs and locutions of Elizabethan times. Yes, and many Americans grow up hearing a language other than English, or an English dialect a majority of Americans cannot understand.All these varieties of speech are beautiful, just as the varieties of butterflies are beautiful. No matter what your first language, you should treasure it all your life. If it happens not to be standard English, and if it shows itself when you write standard English, the result is usually delightful, like a very pretty girl with one eye that is green and one that is blue.I myself find that I trust my own writing most, and others seem to trust it most, too, when I sound most like a person from Indianapolis, which is what I am. What alternatives do I have? The one most vehemently recommended by teachers has no doubt been pressed on you, as well: to write like cultivated Englishmen of a century or more ago.
John  French|We know no fear. It was cut from our souls at birth. We can feel it only as an absence, as an empty shadow cast by the light of annihilation. In the face of a future of atrocity I stand mute, numb to the only feeling that would make me human. But I remember what fear was: its cold pulse in my veins; its echo in my ears. I remember fear, and remember that I was once human. I look towards what must come to pass and I wish that I could meet it as my ancestors did, with fear. The future deserves that, it deserves fear.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|I know that the future seems hard and scary, but it will get better, I promise. It's time for you to move on. Get going.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For those who challenge the great dangers fearlessly, let us remind this realistic probability: Fear can save your life and courage may kill you; thus sometimes fear is a reasonable path to continue your path!
Auberon Herbert|Some say it's wrong to profit from the misfortune of others. I ask my students whether they'd support a law against doing so. But I caution them with some examples. An orthopedist profits from your misfortune of having broken your leg skiing. When there's news of a pending ice storm, I doubt whether it saddens the hearts of those in the collision repair business. I also tell my students that I profit from their misfortune—their ignorance of economic theory.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|Oh,to be walking through Leningrad white night after white night, the dawn to dusk all smelting together like platinum ore, Tatiana thought, turning away to the wall, again to the wall, the wall, as ever. Alexander, my nights, my days, my every thought. You will fall away from me in just a while, won't you, and I'll be whole again, and I will go on and feel for someone else, the way everyone does. But my innocence is forever gone.
Barry B. Powell, Classical Myth|The love that follows us sometime is our trouble, which still we thank as love.
Danilo Kiš, The Encyclopedia of the Dead|The local Red Cross chapter volunteered to publish his book. It came out in a deluxe, gold-embossed, Japanese-paper edition to remind the reader of human artistry, which can be a refuge from evil and a source of new, platonic stirrings. One copy was reserved for His Imperial Majesty Nicholas II. (The Tsar fairly devoured mystical works, believing that hell could be avoided by a combination of education and deceit.)"The Book of Kings and Fools," p. 136.
Taylor Armstrong|Denial and minimizing is often seen in genuine PTSD and, hence, should be a target of detection and measurement.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one could lie at crucial moments.
Kelly Clarkson|Ever since viewing screens entered the home, many observers have worried that they put our brains into a stupor. An early strain of research claimed that when we watch television, our brains mostly exhibit slow alpha waves - indicating a low level of arousal, similar to when we are daydreaming.
Stephen Richards|There are no new inventions, only new discoveries.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|At our present bad moment, we need above all to recover our sense of literary individuality and of poetic autonomy.
Nathan Filer|This is what labels do. They stick. If people think you're MAD, then everything you do, everything you think, will have MAD stamped across it.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Within perfect walls there is nothing worth protecting. There is, in fact, nothing. And so we exchange privacy for intimacy.
Amanda Craig|The holes are slowly filling up, and despite itself the brain will work until the job is completed.
Jillian Michaels|I either had to concentrate on fighting, or I had to help my family. I chose my family. I love my mom; I love my family.
Melinda K. Trotter, Tickles the Pet Squirrel|Jill showed friend Kay the cute white mice.They liked to run races for cheese.Mice were lots of fun to play with.Jill said, "Take Poopsie, the male one, please!
David Augsburger|The chronic kicker, even the most violent critic, will frequently soften and be subdued in the presence of a patient, sympathetic listener— a listener who will be silent while the irate fault-finder dilates like a king cobra and spews the poison out of his system.
Michael Hermanto|Behind a great success, there was a great failure
Gary Ackerman|I can't understand it when people are closed-minded. I mean, boy, have I made mistakes and been very wrong. I can't tell you the amounts of times I've been let down, but I still try to see the best in people.
Mary Robison| "Crazy," he muttered softly, "how much I need you."Crazy, how something like that can feel like a kick in the chest, can hurt that much, can suck all the air right out of your body for a moment. And at the same time, settle over you, around you, so soft and warm and sweet, that you think nothing can ever be as good as this one m
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|I’m still pretty sick about what I’ve lost, but I only admit it to myself late at night, which is probably why I’m not the best sleeper.
Windhy Puspitadewi, Confeito|Many people walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
Judith Viorst|Luckily, unreasonable expectations go hand in hand with naive young scientists. The more naive the better - otherwise we would never have the audacity to try and build a 22,000-mile-high space elevator or some sprawling underwater hotel.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|Then Wanda proposed a health. "Health to abandoned wives!" she said. "Well now," I said. "'Abandoned,' that's a little strong." "Pushed out, jettisoned, abjured, thrown away," she said. "I remember," I said, "a degree of mutuality, in our parting." "And when guests came," she said, "you always made me sit in the kitchen." "I thought you liked it in the kitchen," I said. "You were forever telling me to get out of the bloody kitchen." "And when my overbite required correction," she said, "you would not pay for the apparatus." "Seven years of sitting by the window with your thumb in your mouth," I said. "What did you expect?" "And when I needed a new frock," she said, "you hid the Master Charge." "There was nothing wrong with the old one," I said, "that a few well-placed patches couldn't have fixed." "And when we were invited to the Argentine Embassy," she said, "you made me drive the car in a chauffeur's cap, and park the car, and stand about with the other drivers outside while you chatted up the Ambassador." "You know no Spanish," I pointed out. "It was not the happiest of marriages," she said, "all in all." "There has been a sixty percent increase in single-person households in the last ten years, according to the Bureau of the Census," I told her. "Perhaps we are part of a trend.
John Stoltenberg, Refusing to be a Man: Essays on Sex and Justice|But the idea of an Aryan race could never become metaphysically true, despite all the violence unleashed to create it, because there simply is no Aryan race. There is only the idea of it—and the consequences of trying to make it seem real. The male sex is very like that.
Jenny Bowen, Wish You Happy Forever: What China's Orphans Taught Me About Moving Mountains|We can be much, much more than we were taught in teachers college... more than stern ladies at the front of the room who teach children to recite by rote. We can be, we MUST BE, learning partners, champions, observers, explorers, friends- and , for these special hurt children we need to be family
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Never act upon wishful thinking. Act without checking the facts, and chances are that you will be swept away along with the mob.
Ken Bain, What the Best College Teachers Do|To benefit from what the best teachers do, however, we must embrace a different model, one in which teaching occurs only when learning takes place. Most fundamentally, teaching in this conception is creating those conditions in which most--if not all--of our students will realize their potential to learn. That sounds like hard work, and it is a little scary because we don't have complete control over who we are, but it is highly rewarding and obtainable.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|You be wise to stop yo’ negative ways, mister.
Arthur C. Clarke, Tales from Planet Earth|The person one loves never really exists, but is a projection focused through the lens of the mind onto whatever screen it fits with least distortion.
Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes|This girl who's slept a hundred years has something after all. It's called Centuryitis, and it has turned me into a man. Oh, what will mamma think when she sees me?!-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|I believe this not in the sense that it is part of my creed, but in the sense that it is one of my opinions. My religion would not be in ruins if this opinion were shown to be false.
Na'ama Yehuda|No matter how small you are or feel or think you are–live big. Yours is the only life of you, in this form, the world will ever have!
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Then it was that Jo, living in the darkened room, with that suffering little sister always before her eyes and that pathetic voice sounding in her ears, learned to see the beauty and the sweetness of Beth's nature, to feel how deep and tender a place she filled in all hearts, and to acknowledge the worth of Beth's unselfish ambition to live for others, and make home happy by that exercise of those simple virtues which all may possess, and which all should love and value more than talent, wealth, or beauty.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If you still have fear, you love life
Lionel Suggs|But tales like this must not be taken as truth. You must remind yourself that it is hard to tell where truth ends and a lie begins. So listen all you like, but disbelieve all you hear...You are in the city of lies.
Matthew Henry, Matthew Henry's Commentary on the Whole Bible|Men cannot expect to do ill and fare well, but to find that done to them which they did to others.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Search deep within your soul, you will find the light.
Thylias Moss|You ask: Why is the malady of death fatal? She answers: Because whoever has it doesn't know he's a carrier, of death. And also because he's like to die without any life to die to, and without evn knowing that's what he's doing.
Peter Diamandis|The Moon stabilizes Earth's obliquity. Well, almost. The tilt actually varies between 22 and 24.5 degrees - and the variation is enough to induce such environmental inconveniences as the occasional ice age. Without the Moon, it might be much worse.
Elie Wiesel|There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Graeme Galton, Forensic Aspects of Dissociative Identity Disorder|In cases of organized and multi-perpetrator abuse when the abuse occurs in the context of rituals and ceremonies, some elements of the experience may have been staged specifically with the intention of encouraging the disbelief of others if the victim were to report the crime. For example, someone reporting such a crime may mention that the devil was present, or that someone well-known was there, or that acts of magic were performed. These were tricks and deceptions by the abusers-often experienced by the victims after being given medication or hallucinogenic drugs - that render the account unbelievable, make the witness sound unreliable, and protect the perpetrators.  (page 120, Chapter 9, Some clinical implications of believing or not believing the patient)
Dada Bhagwan|To believe ‘I’ where ‘I’ is not, is known as tirobhav (concealed or hidden belief). To believe ‘I’-ness where ‘I’ is, it is known as Aavirbhav (visible or manifest belief).
Louis Sachar, Holes|Ascend, may you find so resistanceJust know that you made such a differenceAll you leave behind will live to the endThe cycle of suffering goes onBut memories of you stay strongSome day I too will fly and find you again
Leonard Mlodinow|Scientists attach great importance to the human capacity for spoken language. But we also have a parallel track of nonverbal communication, which may reveal more than our carefully chosen words, and sometimes be at odds with them.
Grandma Moses|And life is what we make it.Always has been, always will be.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|When you say to someone “follow your heart”, it actually refers to the rhetorical representation of various emotions, that are precisely produced from neural activity of the limbic system. So, the metaphoric heart we always boast about while giving advice to our friends, is actually not anywhere near the biological organ known as heart. Rather it too, like all other elements of the human mind exists only in the brain.
Albert Camus|Is there not a sort of blood shed when the conscience is wounded? Through this wound a man's real manhood and immortality flow out, and he bleeds to an everlasting death
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|That was what maturity was: accepting things. The more things you accepted, the more mature you were.
Walter Payton|I believe to be a leader is to enable others to embrace a vision, initiative or assignment in a way that they feel a sense of purpose, ownership, personal engagement, and common cause. I was very affected as a child by my father's positive example as a civic leader who inspired others to share his commitment to improving our community.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Everything established, settled, everything to do with home and order and the common ground, has crumbled into dust and has been swept away in the general upheaval and reorganization of the whole of society. The whole human way of life has been destroyed and ruined. All that's left is the bare, shivering human soul, stripped to the last shred, the naked force of the human psyche for which nothing has changed because it was always cold and shivering and reaching out to its nearest neighbor, as cold and lonely as itself.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|...bookstores, libraries... they're the closest thing I have to a church.
Troian Bellisario|I think the feeling was that 'Venture Brothers' really has something to sell in terms of a feature. 'Aqua Teen' is an element minute cartoon, and its very subversive and non sequitur and weird. We were writing the one show where we were constantly like, 'God, I wish we had another hour to tell this story.' It seemed like a natural fit.
Alin Sav|A holy life is not a life empty of sin, but a life full of God's presence.
Sigrid Undset, The Wife|Her heart felt as if it were breaking in her breast, bleeding and bleeding, young and fierce. From grief over the warm and ardent love which she had lost and still secretly mourned; from anguished joy over the pale, luminous love which drew her to the farthest boundaries of life on this earth. Through the great darkness that would come, she saw the gleam of another, gentler sun, and she sensed the fragrance of the herbs in the garden at world's end.
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews|Nobody scarce doth any good, yet they all agree in praising those who do. Indeed, it is strange that all men should consent in commending goodness, and no man endeavour to deserve that commendation; whilst, on the contrary, all rail at wickedness, and all are as eager to be what they abuse.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|We become what we think; we don’t become what we don’t think about. When we think of a bigger picture, that’s what we get printed.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|You didn’t fail, you just didn’t use Cosmic Ordering.
Chris Mentillo|As I am a work in progress, you shall see me more or less? Don't shake me out if I digress. As of me less, from me more of my work, I guess.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Let God direct your Today, He knows what is coming in your Tomorrow.
Kate Winslet|I purposely don't talk about money, because people are already skeptical about TV preachers. But I do say that I want you to be blessed. To me, prosperity is having health, having great children, having peace, good relationships. It's not about the money.
Amy Mah, Fangs Rule: A Girls Guide to Being a Vampire|Most of the funeral stuff is going to be done during daylight hours,” I said. “I’m not even going to be able to attend the burial. Humans get upset when vampires burst into flames right next to them.
Sara Nović, Girl at War|The realization that my parents, too, felt pain and fear frightened me more than any strangers could.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|On hands and knees the figure comes pacing along beside the wall that flanks the patio, lithe, sinuous, knife in mouth perpendicular to its course. In moonlight and out of it, as each successive archway of the portico circles high above it, comes down to join its support, and is gone again to the rear.The moon is a caress on supple skin. The moon of Anahuac understands, the moon is in league, the moon will not betray. ("The Moon of Montezuma")
John Lennon|When it gets down to having to use violence, then you are playing the system’s game. The establishment will irritate you – pull your beard, flick your face – to make you fight. Because once they’ve got you violent, then they know how to handle you. The only thing they don’t know how to handle is non-violence and humor.
Susan  Rivers, The Second Mrs. Hockaday|I content myself with the fact that the general system of our trade is a system of selfishness, is not dictated by the high sentiments of human nature much less by the sentiments of love and heroism but is a system of distrust not of giving, but of taking advantage.
Dennis Bergkamp|When I was in theater I was forever trying to inhabit a space which puts yourself under the microscope as an actor and your personality and your take on life, but actually through another portal of a character.
Frank H. Wu, Yellow: Race in America Beyond Black and White|Clancy comments that the subtleties of national character can impact the world stage by making espionage more difficult. Americans were quirky by nature, making the sorts of eccentric moves that had to be followed up on as potential espionage cues. Russians, on the other hand, were too orderly by nature to make such distractions appear natural.
Andrew Weil|AI might be a powerful technology, but things won't get better simply by adding AI.
Stephen Adly Guirgis, The Last Days of Judas Iscariot|No parent should have to bury a child ... No mother should have to bury a son. Mothers are not meant to bury sons. It is not in the natural order of things.I buried my son. In a potter's field. In a field of Blood. In empty, acrid silence. There was no funeral. There were no mourners. His friends all absent. His father dead. His sisters refusing to attend. I discovered his body alone, I dug his grave alone, I placed him in a hole, and covered him with dirt and rock alone. I was not able to finish burying him before sundown, and I'm not sure if that affected his fate ...I begrudge God none of this. I do not curse him or bemoan my lot. And though my heart keeps beating only to keep breaking--I do not question why.I remember the morning my son was born as if it was yesterday. The moment the midwife placed him in my arms, I was infused with a love beyond all measure and understanding. I remember holding my son, and looking over at my own mother and saying, "Now I understand why the sun comes up at day and the stars come out at night. I understand why rain falls gently. Now I understand you, Mother" ...I loved my son every day of his life, and I will love him ferociously long after I've stopped breathing. I am a simple woman. I am not bright or learn-ed. I do not read. I do not write. My opinions are not solicited. My voice is not important ... On the day of my son's birth I was infused with a love beyond all measure and understanding ... The world tells me that God is in Heaven and that my son is in Hell. I tell the world the one true thing I know: If my son is in Hell, then there is no Heaven--because if my son sits in Hell, there is no God.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Creation and Fall Temptation: Two Biblical Studies|It is God's earth out of which man is taken. From it he has his body. His body belongs to his essential being. Man's body is not his prison, his shell his exterior, but man himself. Man does not "have" a body; he does not "have" a soul; rather he "is" body and soul. Man in the beginning is really his body. He is one. He is his body, as Christ is completely his body, as the Church is the body of Christ
Jane Goodall, In the Shadow of Man|At that moment there was no need of any scientific knowledge to understand his communication of reassurance. The soft pressure of his fingers spoke to me not through my intellect but through a more primitive emotional channel: the barrier of untold centuries which has grown up during the separate evolution of man and chimpanzee was, for those few seconds, broken down.It was a reward far beyond my greatest hopes.
Will Leamon|We don't own life, we live under a rental agreement which can be terminated at anytime without notice.
Aisha Tyler|My movies are painfully personal, but I'm never trying to let you know how personal they are. It's my job to make it be personal, and also to disguise that so only I or the people who know me know how personal it is. 'Kill Bill' is a very personal movie.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|When it is time to sow, sow and when it is time to harvest, you will harvest. Obey this rule.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|They feel life is for the taking, and that everyone deserves happiness no matter what the cost. I must remember these tricks if I ever decide to have my soul surgically removed.
John        Robinson|There is no creature so perfect in wisdom and knowledge but may learn something for time present, and to come, by times past.
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|People only go to the places they have visited first in their minds," she says, uttering the phrase as if secrets to the universe have just been shared. "Perhaps that is how learning can help you. However, first you must see it, feel it, and then believe it. When you do, where it takes you may surprise.
John Eccles|I was doing a scene in a medical tent in 18th-century battle dress, pantaloons and a ripped shirt, and the guy from the crew kept asking me if I was OK, if I was too cold. I told him, 'Are you kidding? I'm from Wales!'
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|If you learn how to forgive others for not being strong, then people can learn how to forgive you for your own issues.
Tasha Heart|Stock your mind, stock your mind. It is your house of treasure and no one in the world can interfere with it.
Debasish Mridha|Secretly we fear ourselves, not the fear itself.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|No pill can help me deal with the problem of not wanting to take pills; likewise, no amount of psychotherapy alone can prevent my manias and depressions. I need both. It is an odd thing, owing life to pills, one's own quirks and tenacities, and this unique, strange, and ultimately profound relationship called psychotherapy
Diana Gabaldon|I always ate healthy, but it wasn't scientific. Now it's a high-protein diet and no carbohydrates. I have more consistent energy, and I don't get tired after a meal. It does take a very detailed meal plan.
Robert Pattinson|As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|With writing, we have second chances.
John Paul II, Letter to Artists|None can sense more deeply than you artists, ingenious creators of beauty that you are, something of the pathos with which God at the dawn of creation looked upon the work of his hands.
Sunday Adelaja|When value systems are embraced by a nation, when the citizens of a country are truly rich in virtues, then material wealth is a matter of time.
Henrietta Newton Martin-Sr Legal Cons. & Author ( Greatest of All Romances-Your Potter's Call)|It is when, your soul and body is brought under the subjection of the spirit that is placed inside of you, it is at that time, your spirit communes with the Lord’s Spirit , His Holy Spirit and then when you call on His Name , there is Power, there is victory
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|Sensual indulgence weakens the mind and debases the soul. The moral and intellectual powers are benumbed and paralyzed by the gratification of the animal propensities and it is impossible for the slave of passion to realize the sacred obligation of the Law of God, to appreciate the atonement, or to place right value upon the soul.
Alan Siegel|If you spend five minutes with me or watch me try to balance my checkbook, you can only imagine the disaster I would make of anyone's legal issues.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I'm just a kid, Chiron," I said miserably. "What good is one lousy hero against something like Kronos?"Chiron managed a smile. '"What good is one lousy hero'? Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain said something like that to me once, just before he single-handedly changed the course of your Civil War.
Frederick Douglass|The true rule, in determining to embrace, or reject any thing, is not whether it have any evil in it; but whether it have more of evil, than of good. There are few things wholly evil, or wholly good." -- Abraham Lincoln, Original Quote
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|When we did art with the kids, the demons would lie down.
Stephen Catanzarite, Achtung Baby|A society without the authentic and vibrant influence of women is a society that is not fully alive. A culture lacking the vital creativity of women is disadvantaged. Without the bearing of women on world affairs, humanity's already tenuous grip on peace is made even less sure. When women are barred, whether by law, cultural prejudice, or political ideology, from developing their full potential and offering their unique gifts, it is an injustice to women themselves and to humanity as a whole.
Bob Iger|To understand the future of technology, we need to begin with one fundamental truth: Technology is natural.
Stone Sour|Freedom's just a word todayFreedom's just a wordWhen someone takes your word awayIt's seldom ever heardSo take a sentence full of things you're not supposed to sayCarry on, but don't write them down or you'll be gone
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|...I need to return briefly to a few incidents that have grown into anecdotes, to some approximate memories which time has deformed into certainty.
Eloisa James, A Duke of Her Own|Oh, I have felt lust. And I've indulged lust. But no other woman has turned me into another person.
Linda Ellerbee|If you believe in your heart that you are right, then you must fight with all your might to do it your way. Only dead fish swim with the stream all the time.
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way, who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|As in the days of the first Merovingian, who pledged allegiance to the cross because of a victorious battle, today's children of the banalized Enlightenment are likewise meant to burn what they worshipped and worship what they burned.
Christopher Hitchens|Unless a reincarnationist is willing to say there was a 'first generation' of souls created with the first humans, he is exposed to absurdity by the recency of human life on the planet.
William Shakespeare|As we try to envisage what the world will be like for our grandchildren and imagine who will inherit the good and bad we leave behind, we pause to think of those who have shaped our attitudes. We pay homage to those spirits who have expanded our potential for understanding the unique circumstances of our lives and who have given us hope and courage to be strong and live bravely. We will always be fascinated by the thoughts of others, and by the way they have expressed their truths and insights, because they are the real teachers. They have shared with us the truth as they have experienced it.
Luther Burbank|I watch him go, and wonder if being good isn't its own punishment as much as it's supposed to be its own reward.
Jesus Zamora Bonilla, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore|The best ship, the best culture, the best knowledge, is the one which allows us to go farther, explore more territories or oceans of reality, and have the least damaging leaks possible.
Thomas Pynchon, V.|So that while others may look on the laws of physics as legislation and God as a human form with beard measured in light-years and nebulae for sandals, Faust's kind (poets) are alone with the task of living in a universe of things which simply are, and cloaking that innate mindlessness with comfortable and pious metaphor so that the "practical" half of humanity may continue in the Great Lie, confident that their machines, dwellings, streets and weather share the same human motives, personal traits and fits of contrariness as they.
Noam Chomsky|In Iroquois society, leaders are encouraged to remember seven generations in the past and consider seven generations in the future when making decisions that affect the people.
Al   Stone, Talisman Of El|Mortals cannot perceive me with the physical eye whilst in my pure form unless it is of my choosing, for it would result in fatality, which begs the question of why you are an exception.
Muhammad Yunus|Economy does not lie in sparing money, but in spending it wisely.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the universe has an end, it means we are captive fishes in an aquarium! If it has no end, we are lost sheep in the eternal darkness!
Ymatruz|He loves her because she is a fierce, wholly unexpected, electric storm, yet she is a constant, quiet, pure and utterly calm shelter from the cruel, cold world. She Is a Wild Thing! She is nature's most enigmatic, rare and magickal creature and he is the only man able to ravish her body, soul and spirit without destroying her. They are a match made in heaven raising all manners of hell.
Marie Lu, Legend|Remember tonight, for it is the beginning of always. A promise, like a reward for persisting through life so long alone. A belief in each other and the possibility of love. A decision to ignore simply rise above the pain in the past. A covenant, which at once binds two souls and yet severs prior ties. The celebration of the chance taken and the challenge that lies ahead. For two will always be stronger than one. Like a team braced against the tempests of the world. And love will always be the guiding force in our lives. For tonight is mere formality. Only an announcement to the world of feelings long held, promises made long ago in the sacred space in our hearts.
John Ziesler|One who has reached a goal no longer travels the road"(Pauline Christianity, p. 111)
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast: The Restored Edition|If the king had given me for my ownParis, his citadel,And I for that must leave aloneHer whom I love so well,I'd say then to the CrownTake back your glittering townMy darling is more fair, I swear.My darling is more fair.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|...all these things were part of the business of dreams. He had learned not to laugh at the advertisements offering to teach writing, cartooning, engineering, to add inches to the biceps and to develop the bust
Sherry Turkle|Inventions have long-since reached their limit--and I see no hope for further developments." -- Julius Frontinus, world-famous engineer (Rome, 10 AD)
Laiah Gifty Akita|When we fall, Jesus Christ will help us to rise up.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|To have faith is to be sure of the things we hope for, to be certain of the things we cannot see.
Bailey Vincent, The Details of How We Lived|we lived depravityand called it truth, silencingour dreaming, andour love, discardingthings holy.
Thomas Sowell|All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them.
Genevieve Gerard|Angels are attracted to humanity whenever you reach out to your Soul when you pray or meditate, when you are open to the world of Spirit and quiet your mind.
Sandra Neil Wallace|They got a manure machine in there,” Keller said. He went up to the barn and peeked through a hole between tow boards. “On wheels. It’s fun to ride sometimes, when you don’t care how you smell.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|-to judge us all through the machine of the Commandant's monstrous fictions! As though they were the truth! As though history & the written word were friends, rather than adversaries!
John McEnroe|Allowing children to show their guilt, show their grief, show their anger, takes the sting out of the situation.
Stanley Druckenmiller|Our responsibility is to learn to draw upon the power of the Atonement. Otherwise, we walk through mortality relying solely on our own strength.
Chris Hadfield|Over the years, I've come to recognize that democratization in Ethiopia is not just a matter of choice. It's a matter of national survival. I am deeply convinced that we either democratize and have a good chance of surviving, or if we fail to do so, we disintegrate.
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|THE KEY TO A WONDERFUL LIFEThe key to a wonderful lifeIs to never stop wandering into wonder.Because to live a predictable life,Only fills a person with strife,And such a person will always be wondering:'What a limitless life could be lived beyond the lines?'Such is a question a curious spirit would never sit and ponder.So always pursue new ventures in your life,And be willing to open doors to different light;This is the only way to keep it magical and always filled with wonder.Days will feel shorter, but your happiness will grow stronger --Because living a life without curiosity and adventure,Is a stale life where days only feel longer andLonger.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Mother Teresa|A sacrifice to be real must cost, must hurt, and must empty ourselves. Give yourself fully to God. He will use you to accomplish great things on the condition that you believe much more in his love than in your weakness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|. . . in seclusion, she had secluded herself from a thousand natural and healing influences; that, her mind, brooding solitary, had grown diseased, as all minds do and must and will that reverse the appointed order of their Maker . . .
Nora Roberts, Vision in White|I’ve never been the one. Not for anybody.”He closed the distance between them. “You’ll get used to it.” He tipped her face up to his, kissed her.“Why? Why am I the one?”“Because my life opened up, and it flooded with color when you walked back into it.
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|if its gets rough, you need to get tough.
C.S. Lewis|The Prayer that precedes all other prayer is, may the real me meet the real you.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|I couldn’t help but feel as if everyone had lied about everything. We all had secrets. We all had a dark side to our innocent cover. I wondered what we would be like, if we had been completely honest with each other in the first place. Maybe more people would be alive, but then again, more people could be dead.
George Lucas|Make them laugh, make them cry, and hack to laughter. What do people go to the theatre for? An emotional exercise. I am a servant of the people. I have never forgotten that.
Asa Maria Bradley, Viking Warrior Rising|Can’t a girl wear something pretty without you getting ideas of bedding her?” Naya reached up, putting her hand behind his neck to pull him down for a kiss. She’d never get enough of touching him. Of trusting him.
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|Sadly as some old mediaeval knightGazed at the arms he could no longer wield,The sword two-handed and the shining shieldSuspended in the hall, and full in sight,While secret longings for the lost delightOf tourney or adventure in the fieldCame over him, and tears but half concealedTrembled and fell upon his beard of white,So I behold these books upon their shelf,My ornaments and arms of other days;Not wholly useless, though no longer used,For they remind me of my other self,Younger and stronger, and the pleasant waysIn which I walked, now clouded and confused.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|For those of us who are told our families are wrong, we can question more strongly what we believe is right.
Mohammad Rafiq Teli|It is not important how many competitions you have attended, it only matters how many you have won.
J.R. Ward, Lover Enshrined|After a moment, Wrath turned to John. "This is Lassiter, the fallen angel. One of the last times he was here on earth, there was a plague in central Europe-""Okay, that was so not my fault-""-which wiped out two-thirds of the human population.""I'd like to remind you that you don't like humans.""They smell bad when they're dead.""All you mortal types do.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|You don't expect me," he said, "to revolutionize society on this lawn?"Syme looked straight into his eyes and smiled sweetly."No, I don't," he said; "but I suppose that if you were serious about your anarchism, that is exactly what you would do.
Roman Payne|Ô, Wanderess, WanderessWhen did you feel your most euphoric kiss? Was I the source of your greatest bliss?
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|The way to be brave was to behave as if she were not afraid, even though she was.
Jack Dempsey|Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons. Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves.
Trevor Barton, Red Gods Sing|When he lifted his head, the sun seemed impossibly close. Science-fictionally close.
Jane Austen|Those who have never seen themselves surrounded on all sides by the sea can never possess an idea of the world, and of their relation to it.
Janeane Garofalo|I could go my whole life and say, 'I'm not going to do anything with a love triangle,' but whenever you have a romance, there has to be some obstacle, and even the dumbest romantic comedies have a love triangle or something.
Jerry Stiller|What I like best is a book that's at least funny once in a while. What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
Coco Chanel|It’s probably not just by chance that I’m alone. It would be very hard for a man to live with me, unless he’s terribly strong. And if he’s stronger than I, I’m the one who can’t live with him. … I’m neither smart nor stupid, but I don’t think I’m a run-of-the-mill person. I’ve been in business without being a businesswoman, I’ve loved without being a woman made only for love. The two men I’ve loved, I think, will remember me, on earth or in heaven, because men always remember a woman who caused them concern and uneasiness. I’ve done my best, in regard to people and to life, without precepts, but with a taste for justice.
The Rembrandts|So no one told your life wasGonna be this wayYour job's a jokey brokeYour love life's D.O.A.It's like you're always stuckIn second gearWhen it hasn't been your dayYour week, your monthOr even your year but,I'll be there for youWhen the rain starts to pourI'll be there for youLike I've been there beforeI'll be there for you'Cause you're there for me tooYou're still in bed at tenand work began at eightYou burned your breakfastSo far things are going greatYour mother warned you there'd beDays like theseBut she didn't tell you whenThe world has brought youDown to your knees thatI'll be there for youWhen the rain starts to pourI'll be there for youLike I've been there beforeI'll be there for you'Cause you're there for me too
Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore|I did not matter what distant iron city had raised him. He had been made by Sorry-in-the-Vale, his bones as much a part of it as the valley and the woods. It was as if she had the whole town spread underneath her. Or the whole world, since right then he was the only part of it that mattered.
Cora Carmack, All Broke Down|We go through our whole lives thinking that we belong in one place and not in another. We think certain ideas and actions have to be relegated to the tiny little boxes we place them in. What if we just reacted instead? What if we take whatever the world gives us and instead of focusing on what it isn't, we enjoy what it is?
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Poetry must be as new as foam, and as old as the rock.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Land of the Blue Flower|If you fill your mind with a beautiful thought, there will be no room in it for an ugly one. - King Amor
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You are a reader, and therefore a thinker, an observer, a living soul who wants more out of this human experience.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Sometimes we meet folks who appear rather plain, yet when they speak from a heart of service, love, compassion, and wisdom, they instantly become respected favorites.
Nancy Keenan|Women, you can have it all - a loving man, devoted husband, loving children, a fabulous career.
Sri Aurobindo, The Synthesis of Yoga|Educated people, of course, know that perception, cognition, language, and emotion are rooted in the brain. But it is still tempting to think of the brain as it was shown in old educational cartoons, as a control panel with gauges and levers operated by a user — the self, the soul, the ghost, the person, the “me.” But cognitive neuroscience is showing that the self, too, is just another network of brain systems. [C]ognitive neuroscientists have not only exorcised the ghost but have shown that the brain does not even have a part that does exactly what the ghost is supposed to do: review all the facts and make a decision for the rest of the brain to carry out. Each of us feels that there is a single “I” in control. But that is an illusion that the brain works hard to produce, like the impression that our visual fields are rich in detail from edge to edge. The brain does have supervisory systems in the prefrontal lobes and anterior cingulate cortex, which can push the buttons of behavior and override habits and urges. But those systems are gadgets with specific quirks and limitations; they are not implementations of the rational free agent traditionally identified with the soul or the self.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Pain|There is nothing worse than being broke and having your woman leave you. Nothing to drink, no job,just the walls, sitting there staring at the walls and thinking. That's how women got back at you, but it hurt and weakened them too. Or so I like to believe.
Rowan Coleman, We Are All Made of Stars|You can't worry about the rest of the world, never mind the rest of the universe. All you can do is look to your left and your right and try to be kind to whoever is there.
Jerry Seinfeld|I don't understand women at all. Like how a women can pour boiling hot wax onto their upper thigh, then rip the hair out by the root... and still be afraid of a spider.
Mehmet Murat ildan|May be the road you travel doesn’t give you the beautiful fate you have always dreamed off! Stop and change the road, no matter how difficult it may be!
Anya von Bremzen, Mastering the Art of Soviet Cooking: A Memoir of Food and Longing|Appetite is governed by our thoughts, but hunger is governed by the body.
William A. Dembski, Uncommon Dissent: Intellectuals Who Find Darwinism Unconvincing|Regardless of one's point of view, it's quite easy to see that Darwinism is not in the same league as the hard sciences. For instance, Darwinists will often compare their theory favorably to Einsteinian physics, claiming that Darwinism is just as well established as general relativity. Yet how many physicists, while arguing for the truth of Einsteinian physics, will claim that general relativity is as well established as Darwin’s theory? Zero.
Julia Kent, Shopping for a Billionaire|If you’ve never been in a men’s room, and have only set foot in the ladies’ room at most fine (and not so fine) establishments, you need to know this: store owners hate men. No, really—this is the one area where women get treated better. We may earn seventy-seven cents on the dollar compared to men, but, by God, our public bathrooms don’t look like something out of a Soviet-era prison. Or worse—a Sochi hotel during the Olympics.
Sylvia Plath|Feel oddly barren. My sickness is when words draw in their horns and the physical world refuses to be ordered, recreated, arranged and selected. I am a victim of it then, not a master.
DURDEN SMITH, The Essence Of Buddhism|I was encouraged to ask in all seriousness what this life is for, what matters most for myself and others, what non-negotiable values I might even be willing to die for. At the same time, I started to notice the poignant ephemerality of things. I sensed the immanence of death in my bones. I felt the urgency of knowing that this day on earth might be my last. Yet rather than making me gloomy and morbid, such reflections intensified my sense of being alive. They induced a kind of rapture, which snapped me out of the dull routines of the familiar and confronted me with the miracle of life as it unfolds and vanishes each instant.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|When you yield yourself in complete and wholehearted obedience to God, He can do great things through you.
Agatha Christie|You have a great advantage as a writer, Monsieur,' said Poirot. 'You can relieve your feelings by expedient of the printed word. You have the power of the pen over your enemies.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Who teaches young people to be so exquisitely sensitive to perceived slights, so ready to read affronts into routine events in everyday life? Their teachers no doubt.
Farshad Asl|Don't be a prisoner of the past, become a pioneer of the future.
Stephen Covey|The medium is the message. This is merely to say that the personal and social consequences of any medium - that is, of any extension of ourselves - result from the new scale that is introduced into our affairs by each extension of ourselves, or by any new technology.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The incredible benefits of practising and applying mindfulness and self-compassion in the workplace are being increasingly recognised by human resource professionals as well as the medical profession, as the stresses of competing in today’s global economy take their toll on the mental health and emotional wellbeing of many otherwise talented and enthusiastic individuals in the workplace.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|...but most of all he liked to listen to stories of real life. He smiled gleefully as he listened to such stories, putting in words and asking questions, all aiming at bringing out clearly the moral beauty of the action of which he was told. Attachments, friendships, love, as Pierre understood them, Karataev had none, but he loved and lived on affectionate terms with every creature with whom he was thrown in life, and especially so with man- not with any particular man, but with the men that happened to be before his eyes.But his life, as he looked at it, had no meaning as a separate life. It only had meaning as part of a whole, of which he was at all times conscious.
Robert A. Heinlein, Friday|Our culture tries to convince us on just about every front that more is better. More is a sign of wealth, luxury, power. Gone are the days when meals were moments of connection and conversation; now it’s all about consumption and calories.
Toni Sorenson|People think the only time the earth is renewed is in spring. I find it’s renewed around Christmastime when hard, old hearts are softened. When children’s laughter drowns out anguish. When magic transforms the dull into something beautiful and sparkly. I find that Christmas time changes me … from the inside out, and even for a moment fills me with youth and hope again.
Thomas Pletzinger|Leo and the Notmuch, the five-year old Leo Loses his best friend (is death for children like moving away?). For a whole summer he sits in his room and makes up stories. When his mother knocks and asks what he’s doing in his room, he answers: not much. Does his miss his friend? Not much, always: not much. Leo’s stories are the Notmuch (what kind of an idea is a Notmuch? It’s not nothing, at least). Leo and fips turned the world into a fun and exciting place. They stayed together through thick and thin. Leo is despondent without Fips, he hides away in his room. His mother gets worried and asks how he’s doing and what he’s up to in there. Not much, answers Leo, not much. He lies on the bed and grieves for Fips (a childlike depression). Then Leo begins to create a friend in his mind, a cheeky, brave, and honest friend like Fips. Leo dubs this “good monster” the notmuch (a childlike mania). Now the two of them play, they’re cheeky and brave together, Leo now answers his mother: Notmuch. The notmuch is half memory of Fips, the other half is imagination, the two halves together enable Leo to overcome grief.
Eileen Wilks|When you slice the truth too thin, you deceive.
Mercedes Lackey, Arrow's Flight|At night, there was the feeling that we had come home, feeling no longer alone, waking in the night to find the other one there, and not gone away; all other things were unreal. We slept when we were tired and if we woke the other one woke too so one was not alone. Often a man wishes to be alone and a woman wishes to be alone too and if they love each other they are jealous of that in each other, but I can truly say we never felt that. We could feel alone when we were together, alone against the others. We were never lonely and never afraid when we were together.
Robert Munsch, Love You Forever|One of the greatest tragedies of growing up is the discovery that your parents- and your teachers, and your sports heroes, and your favorite actors, singers, YouTube sensations- are fallible. Adults don't know all, and what they do know, they often won't tell you- because they've got their own agendas, or because they want to shield you from the hard truths "for your own good." Adults lie, they betray, they screw up in every way possible...
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Do you not think that there are things which you cannot understand, and yet which are; that some people see things that others cannot? But there are things old and new which must not be contemplate by men´s eyes, because they know -or think they know- some things which other men have told them. Ah, it is the fault of our science that it wants to explain all; and if it explain not, then it says there is nothing to explain.
Varinder Azal|If life’s big puzzle makes you feel broken and shattered, we hope that our book will help you look at the spaces between each piece. You’ll find the answers here.
Judy Blume, Tiger Eyes|Some changes happen deep down inside of you. And the truth is, only you know about them.
Benjamin Meadows|The pain of one human being to another cannot be translated through words and for that I am certain, it will never be truly experienced again.
Peter Thiel|Art is like a stock with a decent return for people in finance, and they get to feel like they are involved with culture, spend time with artists, as part of their dividend.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Time and time again does the pride of man influence his very own fall. While denying it, one gradually starts to believe that he is the authority, or that he possesses great moral dominion over others, yet it is spiritually unwarranted. By that point he loses steam; in result, he falsely begins trying to prove that unwarranted dominion by seizing the role of a condemner.
Candis Terry, Anything but Sweet|A gray V-neck T-shirt hugged his wide shoulders and broad chest, then hung loose over his tight abdomen. a pair of worn Levi's lovingly cupped his generous package, embraced long legs, and broke across the tops of well-worn cowboy boots. Jackson had the type of physique that made a woman's girl parts tingle. She'd have to be dead not to include herself in that party. Especially since her girl parts had been told "No" way too many time sin recent years.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|When you speak universally, it means that you speak from the Moon, you speak from the Sun, from the stars; you speak by being in every corner of the universe!
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|Are we praying?" "If you have to ask, you probably aren't.
Alan Kay|Scratch the surface in a typical boardroom and we're all just cavemen with briefcases, hungry for a wise person to tell us stories.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|I stood still, vision blurring, and in that moment, I heard my heart break. It was a small, clean sound, like the snapping of a flower's stem.
Coco J. Ginger|And I don’t even like you, but the pain of life without you is biting.
Piyush Negi|This is my time, I don't own anyone but every one wants to get owned by me
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Personal experiences that disrupt stale routines result in the phenomena of cognitive dissiliency, jolting our minds and enhancing our ability to internalizing new information.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Tell a child, that he will soon be homeless; he will slowly detach from the world. Tell that same child that he is now homeless, he will abandon all foundations. Tell the child he has a home again, he may return to Earth from his travels, but he will never want to see this world again.
Augusto Pinochet|Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If anyone hears my voice and opens the door, I will come in to him and eat with him, and he with me.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Technology has changed the way we work, and consequently, our posture. Today, sitting has been referred to as the new smoking. This has been exacerbated by the development of handheld devices and the onset of 'tech neck'. Take the Peterson 21 day posture challenge for 'Confident Assured Posture' for a healthy future. Stand tall and live longer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My hobbies are reading, writing, listening to music and dancing.
Lou Schuler, The New Rules of Lifting for Women: Lift Like a Man, Look Like a Goddess|...if you use a standard called "biological value" to rate protein sources... soy finishes far below eggs, milk, fish, beef and chicken. The food with the highest biological value ever measured is whey protein...
Mark Udall|Ideas are great arrows, but there has to be a bow. And politics is the bow of idealism.
Frank McCourt, Teacher Man|To enter a room is to move from one environment to another and that, for the teenager, can be traumatic. There be dragons, daily horrors from acne to zit.
Donna Lynn Hope|It may be our actions that define us, but it is our reaction that changes the course of things.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|Most people decide to be a force of good when they either reach rock bottom, are trying to go to heaven, or find out that being good helps hold things together
Omar Bongo|There is only one real happiness in life, and that is the happiness of creating.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Stars, too, were time travelers. How many of those ancient points of light were the last echoes of suns now dead? If all the suns but ours collapsed tonight, how many lifetimes would it take us to realize we were alone?
Nick Harkaway|You'd think experienced political professionals would know better than to place their trust in exit polls, notoriously inaccurate surveys that had John Kerry winning the 2004 election by five points when he actually lost by three.
Jim Lee, X-Men: Mutant Genesis|Speaking of boxes...Do you know that thought experiment with the cat in the box with the poison? Theory requires the cat to be both alive and dead until observed.Well, I actually performed the experiment. Dozens of times. The bad news is reality doesn't exist. The good news is we have a new cat graveyard.
James Hilton, Good-Bye, Mr. Chips|For he did not, he would have said, care for women; he never felt at home or at ease with them; and that monstrous creature beginning to be talked about, the New Woman of the nineties, filled him with horror. He was a quiet, conventional person, and the world, viewed from the haven of Brookfield, seemed to him full of distasteful innovations; there was a fellow named Bernard Shaw who had the strangest and most reprehensible opinions; there was Ibsen, too, with his disturbing plays; and there was this new craze for bicycles which was being taken up by women equally with men. Chips did not hold with all this modern newness and freedom. He had a vague notion, if he ever formulated it, that nice women were weak, timid, and delicate, and that nice men treated them with a polite but rather distant chivalry.
Milo Yiannopoulos|The political hero is not like the sports champion or matinee idol or daring inventor; like the war hero, he is born only of tragedy.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|I've bled for you. I've killed for you. I've held you in my arms and done my best to make love to you. I'd give my life to protect you. Now I sit beside you, askin' you to trust me.
Nathan Reese Maher|No human being, particularly a young, attractive woman, is so alone that there is no one to miss her when she disappears.
Federico Fellini, Fellini On Fellini|Being the soothsayer of the tribe is a dirty job, but someone has to do it.
Heather Brewer, Eleventh Grade Burns|So what do we do?""We do what all families do. Grin, bear it, and pass the mashed potatoes.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to grasp the principles of spiritual growth, you need to be filled with understanding and the wisdom of God.
William Penn|It was that famous joke: What's the last thing the drummer said before he got kicked out of the band? 'Hey, I wrote a song.'
Elizabeth von Arnim, Fraulein Schmidt and Mr Anstruther|Isn't it a mercy that we never get cured of being expectant? It makes life so bearable. However regularly we are disappointed and nothing whatever happens, after the first blow has fallen, after the first catch of the breath, the first gulp of misery, we turn our eyes with all their old eagerness to a point a little further along the road.
Walter Gropius|I'm a big believer in the emotion of design, and the message that's sent before somebody begins to read, before they get the rest of the information; what is the emotional response they get to the product, to the story, to the painting - whatever it is.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|As the prevailing voices in the public spotlight are predominantly men, stepping into the spotlight with the truth of who you are as a woman is political change.
Setta Jay, Searing Ecstasy|Wild need slipped into his mind as she moaned into his mouth and he fucking loved how greedy she was, but fuck, she was completely wrecking his ability to be easy with her. She was using her power and strength in a way that riled his beast.
Sarah   Williams, Twilight Hours: A Legacy of Verse|Though my soul may set in darkness, it will rise in perfect light; I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
Zoran Stojkovski|Few things are as exhilarating and challenging for a man as winning a woman’s heart.Few things are as efficient in preserving your marriage as doing it every day, for the rest of your life.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I want to sleep with you. Now, tonight, and at any time you may care to call me. I want your naked body, your skin. your mouth, your hands...—I want you like an animal...or a whore.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Have a clear goal and plan. Waste no effort in your journey. Be strong, committed, and effective and you will experience a level of success few will ever know.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Though the earth contains greater energy and mass than any single being, linked together, "people make the world go-round".
Vanora Bennett, The People's Queen|Theories cannot claim to be indestructible. They are only the plough which the ploughman uses to draw his furrow and which he has every right to discard for another one, of improved design, after the harvest. To be this ploughman, to see my labours result in the furtherance of scientific progress, was the height of my ambition, and now the Swedish Academy of Sciences has come, at this harvest, to add the most brilliant of crowns.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|On your way to the promised land are many jebutites, liarlites, thievites, betrayalites, backbiterlites, envylites, jealousites, parasites, unbelieverlites, doubterlites but only determination will take you there.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The rise or fall, success or failure of your dreams is largely dependent on the association you build yourself around.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you have nothing, be hopeful; when you have little, be grateful; when you have much, be sensible; when you have everything, be humble.
Isidor Isaac Rabi|What is the mass of a feeling? What is its wavelength, its position on the electromagnetic spectrum?
Franz Kafka, The Castle|I cannot give up on my values and beliefs for the sake of respecting someone else’s values and morals. Because those values explain who am I. I prefer struggling and even dying for what I believe and what I don’t believe. Silence is not respect; it is not condemning brutality and cruelty, and neglecting your own existence as human being. I will be killed and so many others because of standing against the fallacy and misleading notion of religions. They will torture us and cut us in pieces alive and even won’t stop disrespecting our death bodies; that is how these monsters have been governing for hundreds thousands of years.
Beth Brower, The Q|It is one of the great arts of the human soul," Ezekiel said to himself. Her hand on the door, Quincy shifted and looked back at her uncle's profile. "What is?""Staying with someone. Companionship is one of the great arts of the human soul.
Timothy Norr|Sometimes when the world goes dark, and everyone turns their backs on you, just look to the sky to see the light, and follow the stars to paradise
W. Bruce Cameron|Remember, I'm a doctor's daughter. So obviously I'm interested in all medical things.
Jennie Allen, Anything: The Prayer That Unlocked My God and My Soul|It's HE-RO," the boy argued."No," the girl insisted,"it's HER-O.
Taylor Anderson|If the Good Lord meant men to use percussion caps, he wouldn't have strung flint all over the ground.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the sky is fully covered by the birds, you will feel the winds of pure freedom beneath this sky!
Franz Kafka|Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself.
M. T. Panchal, Karma and Redemption|Men are destined to love woman, not to expect love but just to love them.
Kurt Fuller|Hope for the best, survive the worst, find humor wherever you can.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|The mind is a complex and many-layered thing, Potter... or at least, most minds are...
René Daumal, A Night of Serious Drinking|Before you judge me as some kind of 'anything goes' language heathen, let me just say that I'm not against usage standards. I don't violate them when I want to sound like an educated person, for the same reason I don't wear a bikini to a funeral when I want to look like a respectful person. There are social conventions for the way we do lots of things, and it is to everyone's benefit to be familiar with them. But logic ain't got nothin' to do with it.
Paul Oberschneider, Why Sell Tacos in Africa?: 16 life-changing business strategies you can use anywhere, from the man who turned $400 into $200 million|There are no overnight success. It's a combination of humility, sacrifices, tenacity, failure, and opportunity.
Diane Ackerman, Cultivating Delight: A Natural History of My Garden|Devising a vocabulary for gardening is like devising a vocabulary for sex. There are the correct Latin names, but most people invent euphemisms. Those who refer to plants by Latin name are considered more expert, if a little pedantic.
Melanie Bennett, Learning to Dance in the Rain|Family isn't blood," she said bitterly, continuing to back away. "Family is who loves you, who takes care of you.
Meg Collett, Fear University|If we win by losing ourselves, by losing what we were fighting for, then we never really win.
Donald J. Trump|Timothy bit the inside of his lip and pretended to nod sagely. Things were starting to sound a little far-fetched again. "Man," he said, "that's... that's rough. I've heard that being a dragon servant totally stinks. I think I saw a talk show about that once. 'I'm a dragon servant and I want respect,' or something like that.
Margaret Atwood, Bluebeard's Egg|I know now: what is is all that matters. Not the thing you know is meant to be, not what could be, not what should be, not what ought to be, not what once was.Only the is.
Summer Lane, State of Chaos|How are things with you, sir?""Fine." He says it flat."Coffee black. BLT."Now my heart tells me this guy needs more in life, so I take a short. "You ever had a cheese burger with grilled onions and mushrooms on pumpernickel, sir?"That takes a minute to sink in.Then he slaps the counter, grinning. "Bring it on."I sense he needs more."You want a malt with that, by any chance?"He did, of course. "Chocolate," he says, beaming like a kid.Now he's loosening up.It's a privilege to touch humanity in such a fashion.
S. Sloan|We build our understanding of the emotional world through the myths and legends of our culture. We are all, in part, made of fairy tales.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible teaches that faith is the only approach that we have to God. No man has sins forgiven, no man goes to heaven, no man has assurance of peace and happiness, until he has faith in Jesus Christ.
Mahatma Gandhi|First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|What other than mental illness spurs normal people to write prolifically? The chief cause is not quite illness, but nearly: love, especially unhappy love.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|By becoming a writer I realized that I will live forever.” – Manos Filippou, Author
Madeleine L'Engle, A Swiftly Tilting Planet|The More Loving OneLooking up at the stars, I know quite wellThat, for all they care, I can go to hell,But on earth indifference is the leastWe have to dread from man or beast.How should we like it were stars to burnWith a passion for us, we could not return?If equal affection cannot be,Let the more loving one be me.Admirer as I think I amOf stars that do not give a damn,I cannot, now I see them, sayI missed one terribly all day.Were all stars to disappear or die,I should learn to look at an empty skyAnd feel its total dark sublime,Though this might take me a little time.
Leigh Hunt|To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
Franz Kafka|Considering I'm a writer, you leave me strangely bereft of words.
Wendy Lesser, Why I Read: The Serious Pleasure of Books|The slight, the facile and the merely self-glorifying tend to drop away over the centuries, and what we are left with is the bedrock: Homer and Milton, the Greek tragedian and Shakespeare, Chaucer and Cervantes and Swift, Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy and James and Conrad. Time does not make their voices fainter, on the contrary, it reinforces our sense of their truth-telling capacity.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Philosophy in the Tragic Age of the Greeks|All modern philosophizing is political, policed by governments, churches, academics, custom, fashion, and human cowardice, all off which limit it to a fake learnedness.
Fredrik Bajer|There was great leadership in this country at the time of World War II. There was also unrelenting resolve at home, in America's factories and on the farms, in the cities and the country.
Jill Scott|Photography, painting or poetry - those are just extensions of me, how I perceive things; they are my way of communicating.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|I personally find that for domestic purposes, the Trivial Pursuit system works better than Dewey.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|It is the culture that makes the difference. When there is no internal transformation, there cannot be external progress and development whatsoever.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Daring soul has five diaries; gratitude, work, inspirational, prayer and language diaries.
Gordon R. Dickson, Soldier, Ask Not|It was the centuries-old battle of man to keep his race alive and push forward into the future, the ceaseless, furious struggle of that beastlike, god-like—primitive, sophisticated—savage and civilized—composite organism that was the human race fighting to endure and push onward. Onward, and up, and up again, until the impossible was achieved, all barriers were broken, all pains conquered, all abilities possessed. Until all was lightning and no darkness left.
Lou Holtz|Every comedian is furious. Age makes me angry. I'm unhappy at not being able to open packages anymore. I'm angry that libraries have gone. I hate children on planes. I'm very shallow, so they tend to be little things. To be honest, I think I was probably angry the day I was born, you know, about diapers or something.
Kate  Cooper, Band of Angels: The Forgotten World of Early Christian Women|In Luke's Gospel, Jesus is never unkind to the weak. He treats Martha with humiliating honesty, just as he would treat the male disciples.
Anya Seton, Dragonwyck|In the far reaches of the world, under a lost and lonely hill, lies the TOMB OF HORRORS. This labyrinthine crypt is filled with terrible traps, strange and ferocious monsters, rich and magical treasures, and somewhere within rests the evil DemiLich.
Sylvia Plath, The Journals of Sylvia Plath|So, now I shall talk every night. To myself. To the moon. I shall walk, as I did tonight, jealous of my loneliness, in the blue-silver of the cold moon, shining brilliantly on the drifts of fresh-fallen snow, with the myriad sparkles. I talk to myself and look at the dark trees, blessedly neutral. So much easier than facing people, than having to look happy, invulnerable, clever. With masks down, I walk, talking to the moon, to the neutral impersonal force that does not hear, but merely accepts my being. And does not smite me down.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|The three months I'd spend with Eddie had taught me many things, and the top two items were (1) A Cat's Purr Makes Everything Okay and (2) The Cat Always Wins.
Beem Weeks|Storytelling is a gift, but writing is a learned art.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Ask anyone; possibly ninety-five percent of our wishes have come true. The unfortunate part is, we all overlook that, and regret all our lives and torment ourselves for not getting the other five percent.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|A man does not become a real man by showing his physical domination over women. A man becomes a real man by loving, respecting and protecting women.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I was just trying to be a friend,' I said. 'But you weren’t, Charlie. At those times, you weren’t being his friend at all. Because you weren’t honest with him.
Hal Duncan, Scruffians! Stories of Better Sodomites|See, you have the choice we didn’t. You wanna think about it though, you do, before you decide to throw your lot in with us. Cause it’s not just about living in society’s stitches, you know, the bits in between, the squats and secret places. It’s about being Fixed.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|HOW CAN YOU KNOW THIS?” the Voice demanded.“I look at things and think about them,” Folly replied. “And use my intuition, of course, and deduction and induction, as well as any historical or theoretical models that seem to apply.
Bertrand Russell, An Outline of Intellectual Rubbish: A Hilarious Catalogue of Organized and Individual Stupidity|Creation exists to be a place for the covenant that God wants to make with man. The goal of creation is the covenant, the love story of God and man.
Criss Jami|In the heart of appeasement there's the fear of rejection, and in acts of fear there are mirrors of oppression.
Ashley Earley, Alone in Paris|I freeze, my feet suddenly glued to the floor. It takes me a minute to gather the courage to turn around, but when I do, I immediately wish I hadn't. The boy is standing in the doorway at the end of the hall.Why is he here again? I barely allow myself time to ask the question before I move. Panicked, I turn and run back downstairs as fast as I can."Hey! Wait!" he calls after me.I don't stop.
Dick Francis, Straight|It troubles him to consider the powerful currents and fine-tuning that alter fate, the close and distant influences, the accidents of character and circumstance.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|As women demanded access to power, the power structure used the beauty myth materially to undermine women's advancement.
Treyco From Waco|Karma says what you give is what you get, so why do the loyal person end up being betrayed
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|The dangerous man is the one who has only one idea, because then he'll fight and die fo
Kara Tippetts, Big Love: the practice of loving beyond your limits|But kids don't stay where they're supposed to. You turn around and find her not in the bedroom but hiding in a closet; you turn around and see she's not three but thirteen. Parenting is really just a matter of tracking, of hoping your kids do not get so far ahead you can no longer see their next moves.
Mark Twain|A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
Richard Wagner|When spirituality is the basis of your life, it gives you the strength, wisdom and courage to surmount the many storms of life that could destroy a weaker person who doesn't have this foundation.
Eckhart Tolle|Death is a stripping away of all that is not you. The secret of life is to "die before you die" --- and find that there is no death.
Saaif Alam|An enthusiastic person who is very logical with his or her own thinking process, he or she can eventually express his or her thought with delight and humor to educate and entertain his or her audiences.
Tess Oliver, Camille|Hell won't be so bad, you know. After all, I'll be there to keep you company.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|To the ego, love is poison.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Sure, I liked girls but I was always too terrified to speak to them unless we were arguing or I was calling them stupidos, which was one of my favorite words that year.
James Jean-Pierre|My father would laugh behind my back to other family members whenever he heard I was doing something knew. “He wrote a book, what does he know about writing a book? What school did he go to, to be writing a book?” While he laughed and asked about my credentials, I to laughed because what someone would go to school for, I could simply go on YouTube, search the web or simply read a book from someone who’s done it before me.
Keri Arthur, The Darkest Kiss|Chocolate, coffee, and ice cream were far more reliable when it came to providing a good time, and at least they would never disappoint me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We use horses as our slaves; we chain dogs; we steal eggs from the chickens, honey from the bees; we make wallets out of crocodiles; we imprison the birds; we torture the bulls in the arenas; we whip the lions and beat the tigers in the circuses! What are we? Definitely not ethical creatures!
Mada Eliza Dalian, In Search of the Miraculous|Your fear is a blessing. It is giving you an opportunity to disidentify from your mind and learn to trust the unknown. The mind can never trust or surrender. Trust always happens through intelligence and consciousness. The mind always asks for guarantees, but life never offers any. Life unfolds moment to moment, and each moment arises as a result of the moment that was surrendered before it. Life is a surprise that always arises out of the unknown. You can either embrace the unknown and live it fully and joyously, or resist it and live in pain, fear, and struggle.
Miranda Leek, Twisted!|When one needs an answer to life's greatest questions, look towards either Chaos or Nothingness.
Shannon L. Alder|When a person thinks you are too good for them, they create a wall without even taking a chance. The best life that God has in store for a person is often thrown away because of what he or she thinks they deserve. True love is not the life you had, but the life you never realized you could have.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|You're right, my problems are the biggest problems ever," George said. "No, honestly, it's horrible to be me. I'm rich, talented, and I make girls cry.""How do you make girls cry, exactly?"George turned to her. His blue eyes widened. His lovely face took on a forlorn, deeply troubled expression. He leaned forward, and, in a theatrical whisper, said, "My past is tragic. I wouldn't want to burden you with it. It's a pain I must suffer alone. In the rain. In silence.
Michael Robotham, Suspect|Ax-man. Cardboard isn’t one of the major food groups, remember?”-Marco
Ana Ortega|In higher samadhi, in absence of any support, the consciousness is absorbed within itself in perfect awareness, clarity and peacefulness.
Michael Steele|A physician is not angry at the intemperance of a mad patient, nor does he take it ill to be railed at by a man in fever. Just so should a wise man treat all mankind, as a physician does his patient, and look upon them only as sick and extravagant.
Avinash Narula|When you say "I will do it", you will stretch your capabilities and achieve something extraordinary.
Shannon L. Alder|He let go of the rope one hand at a time and latched onto Lisa’s hands. Her fingernails dug into his wrists, but her grip was strong after a summer of lifting girls into the air. It was a tug of war battle between his friends and Shawn’s ghost. The wind died down as Shawn gathered all of his energy to pull on Mike. Even though he was terrified of what was happening, Mike knew that Shawn wasn’t trying to hurt him. After all these years, he was still trying to find a way out. Shawn wanted to go home too, and he saw the hope of being rescued falling away. 	“Shawn! Please! Let me go!” Mike called over the dying wind, “I’ll get you help! We’ll get you out! Just please! Let me go!” - Saving Hascal's Horrors
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|Hold the thoughts, know the thoughts and you realize the thoughts have slowed showing breaks and gaps, be the witness to them and you shall be meditating
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|And by making that plan you have differentiated yourself from more than ninety percent of the population. You are one of the few, who has a clear direction, a decisive plan of action.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Willful ignorance is something to be ashamed of, not proud.
Henry David Thoreau|Truth strikes us from behind and in the dark, as well as from before and in broad daylight.
W. G. Sebald|Many a happiness in life, as many a disaster, can be due to chance, but the peace within us can never be governed by chance.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|It is a very difficult secret to understand that when we do not want to possess another selfishly, he or she will always love us. It is when we do not want to possess, when we do not make demand after demand, that the relationship will last.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Talents|As a Christian, our existence here on earth is a sliver of the eternal pie. Our focus should be on the whole pie, and not the sliver.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|All of them with their own lives, untouched by mine. Or each other's.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|Broken boys are dangerous, but broken men are lovely.
Carrie Mae Weems|I mean it, it’s another gap in your education. Until you can learn to understand her, you’ll get nowhere as a detective. She’s everybody’s conscience, Bob—the universal maiden aunt, cousin or sister. Humanity’s backbone. Throughout history, she’s gone to the stake for you again and again; not with any sense of heroism, but as a matter of principle and because it would never occur to her to do anything else.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Adversity are the lemons nobody wanted, but without them we would still be in a cave pounding rocks
John Paul II|For your information, Lester, there are at least five wonderful parts of the female body that can be viewed by the owner only with a hand mirror.'And as they stared after me, I went regally back down the hallway and up the stairs to Dad's room.
Clifford Geertz|The world needs to see Christians burning, not with self-righteous fury at the sliding morals in our country, but with passion for God.
Pauline Hanson|In the middle ages people were tourists because of their religion, whereas now they are tourists because tourism is their religion.
Jason Statham|A kid is something precious, and you want to protect it and keep it fun. I'm not a dad, but I've seen people and how they behave with their kids.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Al Franken|When my dad founded our church, he used either a globe or a map of the world behind him. It was symbolic of what Christ said: to go forth and preach hope to the world. We believe in the cross, but we just continued with the globe.
Jeff Shaara, Rise to Rebellion|erhaps it was the difference in age between the countries—America with its expansive youth, building all those drive-in movie theaters and cowboy restaurants; Italians living in endless contraction, in the artifacts of generations, in the bones of empires.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Evil never goes unpunished, Monsieur. But the punishment is sometimes secret.
Tim Ryan|Unwillingness to risk failure is always there, but it gets harder when you feel you have more to lose.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|The Engineer smiled (internally, for of course it had no mouth). It was feeling good. It was feeling optimistic. Moving at its current speed, it would arrive back in Ireland in plenty of time to shut everything down before a series of overloads and power loops inevitably led to a sequence of events which would, in turn, eventually lead to the probable destruction of the world. The Engineer wasn't worried.And then the truck hit it.
James Taylor|I wanted a CFO with public company experience; I needed an HR department, new office space, and a board which could help me grow the business. Insight, the private equity firm I chose, helped me with all that.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|It's easy and natural to be thankful when your expectations are met. The real test of your faith is when things don't go your way, or when you are in pain.
James Wan|It's always the big question in our lives if you have a lot of success. What do you do with it? Buy more houses, buy more cars, buy more stuff, be wealthy and distant and unengaged? Or do you take all that good fortune that has come towards you and spread the love, do something with it?
Bonnie Zackson Koury|Yep. We’re his Lieutenants,” Day answered, picking up the largest coffee cup Furi had ever seen and taking a huge gulp. “You guys had a trying evening last night, so we thought we’d check in on you.”Syn just nodded. “Hmm. Right.”“Nice bandage.” God peeked around his paper again angling his head at Syn’s hand. “Nothing broken?”Syn looked at his hand. “Furi wrapped it up for me last night. Just a little torn skin, it’s nothing really.”“He tried to be all tough but I had to blow on it to make it feel better.” Furi’s teasing had Syn smiling.“Glad you’re okay, Syn.” Day winked mischievously.Furi looked at Syn. “You just don’t realize how awesome it is to have such great bosses. Came to check up on you, considerate enough to bring you breakfast, I mean just all around awesome guys.”“Just wait for it, Furi,” Syn cut him off.“What?” Furi’s brow creased in confusion.“All the warm compliments you’re giving God and Day ... just wait for it.”Furi looked confused. “I don’t know what you’re–”“What else did you have to blow on to make feel better?” Day said around a snort. “Really hate to have missed that show, spanky.” Day smiled broadly at Furi.Furi groaned and dropped his head as he ran both hands through his hair. “You guys watched my videos.”“Hell yeah.” Day grinned.“For evidence and research purposes only,” God chimed in.“Five times,” Day yelled, punching God in his large bicep.“Okay guys. Shut up," Syn huffed.“I’m just saying, you lucky fuck. You get to date a hot porn puppy and we can’t say anything.” Day stared at Furi, completely ignoring Syn’s fuming.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As long as we persevere, we shall succeed in any endeavour.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Reflective writing produces distinct rewards. A writer does not claim to live exclusively in the moment. A pensive writer retreats into oneself in noble attempt to meld memory, thought, faith, doubt, and other strong emotions into thought capsules while exploring the inscrutable web of creation.
Chitralekha Paul, Delayed Monsoon|Which story do you want to hear my child?"he picked him up and made him sit on his lap."Tell us the story of that fairy who lived in a house of wafers,had a garden of chocolate trees and a pond full of goldfishes,"the child wrapped his arms around his shoulder.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There are times I have Doubted. Times I have lost my way- without my anchor I would probably be lost still. Yet I know there is a purpose in all of this-even if after almost a millennium, I still do not know exactly how God works. But I do know that you need to work out this anger, find your anchor, and- unlike the unmerciful servant in the story- learn to forgive in order to be forgiven. Even if God is the one you need to forgive. Even if it is yourself
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|While developing a healthy self-esteem is a lifetime learning process, you can take daily steps to enjoy a confident sense of well-being beginning tody.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|What baseball managers did do, on occasion, beginning in the early 1980s, was hire some guy who knew how to switch on the computer. But they did this less with honest curiosity than in the spirit of a beleaguered visitor to Morocco hiring a tour guide: pay off one so that the seventy-five others will stop trying to trade you their camels for your wife. Which one you pay off is largely irrelevant.
Tom Hanks in A League of Their Own|It's great to know that you aren't the only person "odd" in this world... stories stop the time and games help to go more fast... - what more awesome than to have these two abilities?
Molly Antopol, The UnAmericans|But for the first time, Boaz couldn't think of a single word to describe this kind of loneliness, so scary and real it required an entirely different language, new and strange and yet to be invented
Kirk Douglas|Violence against women in all its forms is a human rights violation. It's not something that any culture, religion or tradition propagates.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We live in an upside-down world, in which people hate what they should love and love what they should hate.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|It was the first time in years I didn’t wonder if my father was out there, looking at it too.
Jerald Simon, Perceptions, Parables, and Pointers|Don’t tell me you’re not good at something. People will always be better and worse than you at everything you do. Tell me whether or not you are making progress. If you are progressing, are you measuring your progress? If you are not progressing, why not? Get to know your strengths and your weaknesses. Develop your own personal progress plan and determine how you could improve and progress from where you are. You most likely don’t know how far you have come and how much you truly have accomplished. Improve and progress!
Dan Phillips, The World-Tilting Gospel: Embracing a Biblical Worldview & Hanging on Tight|How does "Let go and let God" measure up against Scripture? Remember, the test isn't what sounds deep, what sounds holy, or even what makes sense to us. For the Christian, the test is Scripture.
Embee, Tess Embers|I'd grown to trust Mr. Bradshaw, even though he was the one who had taught me how to lie. Not to mention the day he lectured me on how to get close to someone to find out the truth about them, as if he was the ultimate expert. Nevertheless, I trusted him. I really did.
Adam Hamilton|Although our intellect always longs for clarity and certainty, our nature often finds uncertainty fascinating.
Steph Campbell, My Heart for Yours|[N]obody likes having salt rubbed into their wounds, even if it is the salt of the earth.
Tony C. Skye|It is not those events outside of our control which we should allow to define us. Instead, the definition of who we choose to be is dictated by how we deal with these outside events within ourselves.
Eric Alterman|Never say never, but the thought of electively cutting oneself is beyond my grasp, and I also object to it politically. Denying the lines on our faces makes a comment about age and wisdom I don't care to make.
Virginia Woolf, The Years|There is another more psychological obstacle to the full development of love in the modern world, and that is the fear that many people feel of not preserving their individuality in tact. This is a foolish and rather modern terror. Individuality is not an end in itself; it is something that must enter into fructifying contact with the world, and in so doing must lose its separateness. An individuality which is kept in a glass case withers, whereas on e that is freely expended in human contacts becomes enriched.
Alexander Gordon Smith|Hope-that unshakable golden belief that things can get better- is why I'm here talking to you now. Without it, we are nothing.
Sebastian Bach|Before the professionalization of architecture in the nineteenth century, it was standard for an aspiring mason or carpenter to begin his apprenticeship at fourteen and to become a master builder by his early twenties.
Darwun St. James, Angel Sins|I didn't know someone whom I wasn't seeking, could make me feel like I didn't need to search anymore.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We should read the Bible expectantly, systematically, and obediently . . .The Bible can change our lives as we read it and obey its teachings every day.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|Bryar Kosala just likes helping people, and is good at running things, and when invited to become the world’s Mom she said, “Sure.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Once you clear that mind clutter out, the doorways for what you desire are open when you start using NAPS!
Jonathan D. Fitzgerald, Not Your Mother's Morals: How the New Sincerity is Changing Pop Culture for the Better|Listen to me, kid. It don’t matter what happens. It don’t matter what anybody thinks or does. All that matters is that you keep fightin’ and never, you hear me? never give up.
François Mauriac, Viper's Tangle|Too bad that miserable tribe died with their secrets.” Tossing the crystal across the table, she announced, “Ladies and gentlemen, the kingdom of the gods is within our grasp.
Jennifer Ott, Serendipidus|Therefore, in my incontrovertible capacity as plaintiff and defendant judge and accused, I condemn this nature, which has so brazenly and unceremoniously inflicted this suffering… since I am unable to destroy Nature, I am destroying myself, solely out of weariness of having to endure a tyranny in which there is no guilty party.
Herbie Hancock|I believe God's keeping the records, and I believe you will be rewarded even in this life. Somehow, some way, God will make it up to you. It may be He protected you from an accident you never knew. You can't give God something without God giving you more in return, whether it's peace or joy or satisfaction.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|A dragon grows in leaps and bounds,Like troubles mounting by the pound.Its stature heightens day to day,Imposing dread and deep dismay.A paralyzing roar it gainsWhile from its snout hot fire rains.It sees you shrink. Your fear it knows.And by the hour the nightmare grows.Unless you slay the dragon soon,Your troubles may become your doom.
Knut Hamsun, Hunger|It was not my intention to collapse; no, I would die standing.
Stella Young|I'm strongly for a patient Bill of Rights. Decisions ought to be made by doctors, not accountants.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|Do something,get something. Do nothing,get nothing. Doing is the beginning of being. Being is the beginning of achieving. Achieving is the essence of living and living is the spices of life
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue helps us to acknowledge that we see the world not as it is, but as we are.
Daniel J. Boorstin|On two occasions, I have been asked [by members of Parliament], 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able to rightly apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
Maharishi Sadasiva Isham|So pervasively has Enlightenment culture’s anti-supernaturalism affected the Western church, especially educated European and North American Christians, that most of us are suspicious of anything supernatural.
Pascale Petit, What the Water Gave Me|Little deer, I've stuffed all the world's diseases inside you. / Your veins are thorns // and the good cells are lost in the deep dark woods / of your organs.
Harvey L. Schwartz, Dialogues With Forgotten Voices: Relational Perspectives On Child Abuse Trauma And The Treatment Of Severe Dissociative Disorders|To be alone with myself in the space of silence is horrifying, for I know with the utmost certainty that in that space I will hear the very things that I constantly use the clamor to drown out. And so the question becomes, how long can I keep up all the noise?
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|Power. It's all about that, don't you forget. People want money or power.
Richard Koch, The 80/20 Principle: The Secret to Achieving More with Less|I always had the uncomfortable feeling that if I wasn't sitting in front of a computer typing, I was wasting my time--but I pushed myself to take a wider view of what was "productive." Time spend with my family and friends was never wasted.
Bertrand Russell|My father once said something very shrewd about me to a woman journalist who had told him how courageous she thought I was for always speaking my mind. My father said, 'If you couldn't care less what anyone says about you, then it's not courage.'
C. JoyBell C.|...No– but ours is a journey into ourselves, a walk with God every day! Ours is a book that we write, a smile, a love, a tear, a lust, an awakening, a learning, a joy, a laughter, a memory, a dream, a vision, a love, a love, a love and a love. Our life is now. And Heaven is always there, but this life isn't always there, but this life isn't always here. Heaven is always there for us but this life is a gift to us!
Jim Bouton, Ball Four|Brothers and sisters, if your spouse doesn’t feel good about something, show respect for those feelings. When you take the easy way out by saying and doing nothing, you may be enabling destructive behavior.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|When I was in China, Mao was Chairman, and parents were terrified to tell their children anything that differed from the party line in case the children repeated it and endangered the whole family.
Daniel Sasaki|And look at all I've accumulated---a house! piles of clothing! two children! an ex-husband! books! boxes of letters! dishes! tiny shampoos from fancy hotels! vases! canned goods! jewelry! computers! acres of old journals! couches! bedsteads! toys galore! stuffed animals! and heaps of memories like wet rags, bunches of them, hanging off me, weighing me down.
Len Wein|Young people in Israel are encouraged to design, produce and sell their products from high school. Technical universities also matter. Teach and introduce entrepreneurship courses in technical universities.
Roshan Sharma|For life, it doesn’t matter how much you earn and how you hold your different relationships, but what’s important for life is, what kind of progress, you have achieved from inside, while going through different aspects of life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is always the exceptional child, but the average tells us that the child is largely what the home has made him.
Mark A. Cooper, The Edelweiss Express|His faith was like the radar of a bat, it took him through the darkness that surrounded him. It would guide him through everything that evil would throw at him. When his body gave up, God’s powers lifted him up and kept his heart thumping.
Joan Didion, About Women: An Anthology of Contemporary Fiction, Poetry, and Essays|WHILE writing, just try to have fun with your ms. Enjoy the process, but push on. Always push toward the finish line!
Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes|If a writer starts worring about what he or she has left out or forgotten, they might not be able to write even a single line.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|It is not because other people are dead that our affection for them grows faint, it is because we ourselves are dying.
Winston S. Churchill, The Story of the Malakand Field Force|...But the Mahommedan religion increases, instead of lessening, the fury of intolerance. It was originally propagated by the sword, and ever since, its votaries have been subject, above the people of all other creeds, to this form of madness. In a moment the fruits of patient toil, the prospects of material prosperity, the fear of death itself, are flung aside. The more emotional Pathans are powerless to resist. All rational considerations are forgotten. Seizing their weapons, they become Ghazis—as dangerous and as sensible as mad dogs: fit only to be treated as such. While the more generous spirits among the tribesmen become convulsed in an ecstasy of religious bloodthirstiness, poorer and more material souls derive additional impulses from the influence of others, the hopes of plunder and the joy of fighting. Thus whole nations are roused to arms. Thus the Turks repel their enemies, the Arabs of the Soudan break the British squares, and the rising on the Indian frontier spreads far and wide. In each case civilisation is confronted with militant Mahommedanism. The forces of progress clash with those of reaction. The religion of blood and war is face to face with that of peace.
Manuel Corazzari|Satan's greatest victories lays upon people believing his lies, Our greatest victories lays upon us believing God's Word.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|I'm thinking there should be a dating site called "Tap That" - Jonathan "Jack" McVoy
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Despite what you think you know, sometimes your plans may be interrupted. Because you were designed for a purpose. You are on a mission to achieve greatness. No matter what obstacles lie in your path, you will reach your destination. Remember God's grace is sufficient.
Deborah Blumenthal, The Blue House Dog|When you lose someone who's as close as your own skin, the only place you can find him again is hidden inside your memories.
Alexandra Fuller, Scribbling the Cat|The two of us lurching on an unlikely journey up a lonely road in the dark, thick beginning of a Mozambique night. As our pickup churned over rocks and through thick sand, the engine drowned out the night cries of the cicadas, the crickets, and the nightjars. Behind us, a plume of dust burned pink in our rear lights.
Leland Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|A boy adopts a hero for two reasons: because a hero captivates his soul and serves as a projection of his innermost self; and, because a hero seems to have solved many problems that may worry a boy, or at least demonstrates the capacity to solve them. The hero is an idealization of successful living, even though he may die in a story. The death may be gallant, brave, tragic, or perhaps even foolhardy. But living or dead, a hero is the stylistic embodiment of living on one’s own terms – noble terms, grand terms, exciting terms – terms, in short, that complement any youth’s uncorrupted, untamed, unabridged projection of what is possible to him in life
Debasish Mridha|To expand your wings, be persistent in learning new things.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|...man's life must be a straight line of motion from goal to farther goal, each leading to the next and to a single growing sum, like a journey...
C. JoyBell C.|Love could end even though it was true love. Love could be false love, or the wrong kind of love, or love that came at the wrong time to the right people, or at the right time to the wrong people.
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|The difference between christians and non christians is not their sins, but their sens.
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|Do You think it matters if they're tiny or deep? he asked. Well, if they're not tiny breaths and they're not deep breaths, then they're just ... breaths. Then you're just breathing for the sake of ... breathing. ... Seize them. Feel them. Love them ...
Alexandra Duncan, Salvage|You don't have to be a good person to feel like a good person, though. There's a loophole I found where I don't do good, helpful things, but I keep myself in a perpetual state of thinking I might.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers / Walden / The Maine Woods / Cape Cod|You shall see rude and sturdy, experienced and wise men, keeping their castles, or teaming up their summer’s wood, or chopping alone in the woods, men fuller of talk and rare adventure in the sun and wind and rain, than a chestnut is of meat; who were out not only in ‘75 and 1812, but have been out every day of their lives; greater men than Homer, or Chaucer, or Shakespeare, only they never got time to say so; they never took to the way of writing. Look at their fields, and imagine what they might write, if ever they should put pen to paper. Or what have they not written on the face of the earth already, clearing, and burning, and scratching, and harrowing, and plowing, and subsoiling, in and in, and out and out, and over and over, again and again, erasing what they had already written for want of parchment.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The skeptic says that the believer has lost his own mind under God. On the contrary, it is the people who follow God who are most like his children, who willingly and consciously walk in his will; but those who oppose him oppose him vainly and at their own expense, and, figuratively, seem to be more like his tools. They don't diminish his glory, but instead he still manages to use them in ways of unconsciously carrying out his will.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Virginibus Puerisque|Man is a creature who lives not upon bread alone, but principally by catchwords; and the little rift between the sexes is astonishingly widened by simply teaching one set of catchwords to the girls and another to the boys.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|Indeed, it is a sign of marked political weakness in anycommonwealth if the people tend to be carried away by mere oratory, if theytend to value words in and for themselves, as divorced from the deeds for whichthey are supposed to stand. The phrase-maker, the phrase-monger, the readytalker, however great his power, whose speech does not make for courage,sobriety, and right understanding, is simply a noxious element in the bodypolitic, and it speaks ill for the public if he has influence over them. To admirethe gift of oratory without regard to the moral quality behind the gift is to dowrong to the republic.
Victoria Abbott, The Christie Curse|Late fees are the enemy of early literacy because instead of promoting responsible behavior, they suppress library visits for some of the people who need the institution the most. And of course these fees don't promote children being more responsible, but only reveal to children how irresponsible, ignorant, or unaware their own parents are. -- Amy Dickinson
Kenneth Branagh|Anita Roddick was amazing. Her presence in a room was full of light, and everything she worked to achieve still resonates now.
Brodi Ashton, Everneath|The streets looked small, of course. The streets that we have only seen as children always do I believe when we go back to them
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|The home world exercises its siren call over us all. No matter how far we wander, or how long we are gone, it waits patiently. And when we return to it, as we must, it sings to us. We came out of its forests, waded ashore from its seas. It is in our blood, for good or ill.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Our brains are like computers; it's our responsibility to programme them well, daily, and remove the viruses.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Its better to regrets what you did, than regret what you didn't do.
Debasish Mridha|Life is magical. If life had no magic, it would be tragic.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|The voice of the inner critic is mean, unforgiving, punishing, and downright hurtful. When you allow it to run roughshod over your happiness and emotional well-being, it can wreak havoc on your peace of mind and leave you feeling anxious, fearful, and depleted.
Oscar Wilde, The Complete Letters of Oscar Wilde|What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!" exclaimed Lord Henry. " A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Jenna Bush|I hope the story of 2011 is that America gets its mojo back. You've got to remember that America has the best universities; it's got some of the best businesses. It's got an unbelievable work ethic, rule of law. The story of 2011 will be America blossoming again.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Ego sends a lot of messages through the sub-conscious that do not serve our true nature, even a little bit.
|If you feel the need to laugh at people's weaknesses, laugh at yours first.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Every dimension of your suffering will instruct you, until you have learned your essential lessons.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When you are suffering from sexual starvation, a spank or even a hug seems like a porn scene.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Hope against hope, is the grace of faith.
M.A. George, Relativity|With an ashamed sigh, I confessed, “You have seen nothing but the worst of me since then, Aeron. I’ve been a bitter, defiant, irrational shrew…and now I’m selfishly dragging you into a hopeless situation against your better judgment. What would possibly entice you to make good on a marriage proposal under such circumstances?”“You would…” his voice was gentle, as his troubled eyes searched mine. “If what I’ve seen is the worst of you…then it will be a miracle if I ever find a way to deserve you.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|as they mock you due to your loss,you rise back strong and agile to win
Robert Green Ingersoll|I ask the people of Connecticut for their forgiveness, I should have paid more attention to people around me and people that I trusted but I am sorry for my actions and take full responsibility.
L.J. Smith, Dark Reunion|You wanted us all back together again!" Bonnie shouted at Caroline, and pulled the scandalized girl into the dance. Meredith, her dignity forgotten, joined them too.  And for a long time in the clearing there was only rejoicing.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Burnout occurs when your body and mind can no longer keep up with the tasks you demand of them. Don’t try to force yourself to do the impossible. Delegate time for important tasks, but always be sure to leave time for relaxation and reflection.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|But the penciled sheets did not seem like nor smell like the library book so she had given it up, consoling herself with the vow that when she grew up, she would work hard, save money and buy every single book that she liked.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|For a moment, the cardboard sets come crashing down to reveal that squalling monster, reality, locked up in the confines of its man-made cage. It is a fearsome thing, beautiful, inherent only to itself. Faced with such naked, existential truths, I understand why humans worship flesh-eating monsters and bloodthirsty gods.But only for a moment.
Thomas Sankara|Pride is all very well, but a sausage is a sausage.
Erik Martin Willén, Pirates|Science fiction [is] the kind of writing that prepares us for the necessary mutations brought about in society from an ever changing technological world and as a result. The mainstream hasn’t excluded SF; the mainstream has excluded itself. No one told Jules Verne he was a science fiction writer, but he invented the 20th century.
Jeff Kinney, Diary of a Wimpy Kid|I'll be famous one day, but for now I'm stuck in middle school with a bunch of morons." - Greg Heffley,
Mary Ann Venancio|I love you every day -for the code and the blushand the shrug of it. Make your mind up in me, and I will do the same.
H.P. Lovecraft, Facts Concerning The Late Arthur Jermyn and his Family|If we knew what we are, we should do as Sir Arthur Jermyn did; and Arthur Jermyn soaked himself in oil and set first to his clothing one night.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|Have I, have you, been too silent? Is there an easy crime of silence?
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|Brave the skeletons, darling.
Chuck Palahniuk|I was never interested in being powerful or famous. But once I got to film school and learned about movies, I just fell in love with it. I didn't care what kind of movies I made.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The alchemist picked up a book that someone in the caravan had brought. Leafing through the pages, he found a story about Narcissus.The alchemist knew the legend of Narcissus, a youth who knelt daily beside a lake to contemplate his own beauty. He was so fascinated by himself that, one morning, he fell into the lake and drowned. At the spot where he fell, a flower was born, which was called the narcissus.But this was not how the author of the book ended the story.He said that when Narcissus died, the goddesses of the forest appeared and found the lake, which had been fresh water, transformed into a lake of salty tears.'Why do you weep?' the goddesses asked.'I weep for Narcissus," the lake replied.'Ah, it is no surprise that you weep for Narcissus,' they said, 'for though we always pursued him in the forest, you alone could contemplate his beauty close at hand.''But... was Narcissus beautiful?' the lake asked.'Who better than you to know that?' the goddesses asked in wonder. 'After all, it was by your banks that he knelt each day to contemplate himself!'The lake was silent for some time. Finally, it said:'I weep for Narcissus, but I never noticed that Narcissus was beautiful. I weep because, each time he knelt beside my banks, I could see, in the depths of his eyes, my own beauty reflected.''What a lovely story,' the alchemist thought.
Pearl Zhu, Performance Master: Take a Holistic Approach to Unlock Digital Performance|My films are intended as polemical statements against the American 'barrel down' cinema and its dis-empowerment of the spectator. They are an appeal for a cinema of insistent questions instead of false (because too quick) answers, for clarifying distance in place of violating closeness, for provocation and dialogue instead of consumption and consensus.
Dorothy Parker, The Portable Dorothy Parker|I won't telephone him. I'll never telephone him again as long as I live. He'll rot in hell, before I'll call him up. You don't have to give me strength, God; I have it myself. If he wanted me, he could get me. He knows where I am. He knows I'm waiting here. He's so sure of me, so sure. I wonder why they hate you, as soon as they are sure of you.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|We have done with Hope and Honour, we are lost to Love and Truth,We are dropping down the ladder rung by rung,And the measure of our torment is the measure of our youth.God help us, for we knew the worst too young!from "Gentleman Rankers
Wess Stafford|One of the (many) problems with government is not that power corrupts or even that it is magnetic to corruptible people; rather, it is that we have been conditioned to tolerate corruption in power, and so we don't even try to hold our politicians accountable.
Richard Burton|While there is a chance of the world getting through its troubles, I hold that a reasonable man has to behave as though he were sure of it. If at the end your cheerfulness in not justified, at any rate you will have been cheerful.
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|The whole of my life I have relied on my beauty first, brains second. It was expected, even requested. But You saw right through me from the start. You are the only man I've ever known who has looked beyond my face and wanted to know me for me. And I find myself wanting you to know the whole me.
John Polkinghorne, Quantum Physics and Theology: An Unexpected Kinship|The widespread success of science is too significantan issue to be treated as if it were a happy accident that we arefree to enjoy without enquiring more deeply into why this isthe case. Critical realist achievements of this kind cannot be amatter of logical generality, something that one would expectto be attainable in all possible worlds. Rather, they are an ex-perientially confirmed aspect of the particularity of the worldin which we live and of the kind of beings that we are. Achiev-ing scientific success is a specific ability possessed by human-kind, exercised in the kind of universe that we inhabit. I believethat a full understanding of this remarkable human capacityfor scientific discovery ultimately requires the insight that ourpower in this respect is the gift of the universe’s Creator who,in that ancient and powerful phrase, has made humanity in theimage of God (Genesis 1:26–27).
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|We all fall on hard times,” he said quietly, removing his fist from my chin. “It’s just lucky for you that you fell in the right direction.
Friedrich Nietzsche|To make the most of your life, you must keep the vision of eternity continually in your mind and the value of it in your heart.
Ben Herr|Because, as I would always tell myself so many years later, lying here in my bed: You can't start out again in life, that's a carriage ride you only take once, but with a book in your hand, no matter how confusing and perplexing it might be, once you've finished it, you can always go back to the beginning; if you like, you can read it through again, in order to figure out what you couldn't understand before, in order to understand life, isn't that so, Fatma?
Renee  Miller, Writer's Companion|I’m 100% certain of the quality of story I’m writing until I finish the outline and actually begin to write. At this point, I’m 100% certain the story sucks and I will never show it to another living soul. Until I type “THE END.” At this point, I’m 50% certain it sucks, 50% certain it’s brilliant, and 100% certain if I don’t show it to someone I will spontaneously combust.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|But-" Maia, still looking at Alec and Magnus, broke off and rasied her eyebrows. Simon turned to see what she was looking at - and stared.Alec had his arms around Magnus and was kissing him full on the mouth. Magnus, who appeared to be in a state of shock, stood frozen. Several groups of people - Shadowhunters and Downworlders alike - were staring and whispering. Glancing to the side, Simon saw the Lightwoods, their eyes widen, gaping at the display. Maryse had her hand over her mouth.Maia looked perplexed. "Wait a second," she said. "Do we all have to do that, too?
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|We might not return from this voyage. None of us. We might all lay down our lives when we reach the end, and not ever know whether our sacrifice changed anything for the better.”“It will be for the better,” Magiano replies. “We cannot just die, not without trying. Not without fighting.”“Do you really believe that?” I ask. “Why are we doing this, anyway? To preserve my own life, and yours—but what has the world ever done for us in order to deserve our sacrifice?”Magiano’s brows furrow for a moment, then he leans in closer. “We exist because this world exists. It’s a responsibility of ours, whether or not anyone will remember it.” He nods at me. “And they will. Because we will return and make sure of it.
Patricia Gaffney, The Saving Graces|Never throw love away, never neglect it. Never assume you'll find better love somewhere else. Take it wherever you're lucky enough to find it, and always try to return it in kind. Don't take so much for granted.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|What we learn in meditation, we can apply to all other realms of our lives.
Kirk Cameron|I believe the Scriptures teach that there's a literal heaven and a literal hell, just like Jesus said. And without forgiveness of sins that, yeah, the place of punishment is called hell.
Mie Hansson, Where Pain Thrives|As a rule, if a crime is committed by one group against another ethnic or religious group, it is nearly impossible for the perpetrator to punish itself.
Mark W. Boyer|Sometimes we just have to suck it up and do what we have to do, until we are able to do what we want to do.
G.K. Chesterton, The Superstition of Divorce|...the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain.
Friedrich Hölderlin|For our generation walks as in Hades, without the divine.
Anita Roddick|If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I like the way he says we and am amazed, as I often am by language as power, at the way a simple pronoun can upend a relationship.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Success may create excitement, but only significance leads to fulfilment.
Ranya Tabari Idliby, The Faith Club: A Muslim, A Christian, A Jew--Three Women Search for Understanding|The more that science unravels about the wonder of life and the universe, the more i am in are of it. the beauty and wonder of the universe and all that surrounds us offers proof of God. I like that idea
Neel Burton|One of the best examples of a polymath is Leonardo da Vinci. Born in Italy in 1452, Leonardo was a sculptor, painter, architect, mathematician, musician, engineer, inventor, anatomist, botanist, geologist, cartographer and writer. Although he received an informal education that included geometry, Latin and mathematics, he was essentially an autodidact, or a self-taught individual.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love tames the benumbed beast. A man is put to use regarding a woman's physical safety, but a woman is put to use regarding a man's mental safety.
Dimitri Zaik, Ink Bleeder|To really care about others, we have to understand them - what they like and dislike, what they feel as well as think. Emotion drives both men and women and influences every decision we make. Recognizing the role emotions play and being willing to discuss them makes us better managers, partners, and peers.
Meg Cabot, Runaway|You know your Lamborghini is on fire, right?
Nicholaus Patnaude, First Aide Medicine|Stupor, insanity, and curling up with a good book.” Bright finished his coffee and slipped out of bed. “And I was wondering last night how I would fill my time today. Let me get dressed and have a spot of breakfast first.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Every individual has a place to fill in the world and is important in some respect, whether he chooses to be so or not.
Carl Sagan|I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves.
Paul Enenche|Count your years and you'll be ashamed to be wanting and working for exactly the same things as you wanted when you were a boy. Of this one thing make sure against your dying day - that your faults die before you do. Have done with those unsettled pleasures, which cost one dear - they do one harm after they're past and gone, not merely when they're in prospect. Even when they're over, pleasures of a depraved nature are apt to carry feelings of dissatisfaction, in the same way as a criminal's anxiety doesn't end with the commission of the crime, even if it's undetected at the time. Such pleasures are insubstantial and unreliable; even if they don't do one any harm, they're fleeting in character. Look around for some enduring good instead. And nothing answers this description except what the spirit discovers for itself within itself. A good character is the only guarantee of everlasting, carefree happiness. Even if some obstacle to this comes on the scene, its appearance is only to be compared to that of clouds which drift in front of the sun without ever defeating its light.
Mark Haddon, The Pier Falls: And Other Stories|Snow... blots and softens the top of every object like ice on a plum pudding. Hedges, telegraph wires, cars, postboxes, recycling bins. The world is losing its edges. Look upwards and it seems as if the stars themselves are being poured from the sky and turn out not to be vast and fiery globes after all but tiny, frozen things which melt in the palm of your hand.
Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard|...the words alone, lonely, and loneliness are three of the most powerful words in the English language...those words say that we are human; they are like the words hunger and thirst. But they are not words about the body, they are words about the soul.
Pauline Phillips|People want stardom or fame or whatever - instant gratification as opposed to learning one's craft, which, when I was starting out, was the most important thing: that you are as fully equipped for your job or your art as possible.
Jimmy Carter|I played quarterback, and it was a leadership position, and even though I'm doing a solo thing now, a lot of my success is a part of assembling this team of people who are really, really talented, and their position doesn't put them out front the way mine does, but it's still a team effort.
Maryrose Wood, The Poison Diaries|I am old enough to know only too well my good and bad qualities, which were often one and the same. For my entire life I longed for love. I knew it was not right for me - as a girl and later as a woman - to want or expect it, but I did, and this unjustified desire has been at the root of every problem I have experienced in my life.
James K. Polk|If men have easy access to divorce, many will choose it thoughtlessly. They may not gain true happiness with their new trophy wives, but they certainly will not slide into the material indigence and emotional misery that awaits most divorced women.
Robert Tew|Sometimes you need to take a break from everyone and spend time alone, to experience, appreciate and love yourself.
Martha Louise Hunter|People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story?
Cameron Dokey, Belle: A Retelling of Beauty and the Beast|But no matter what you do to postpone it, the future always shows up at your door.
John L. Esposito, Who Speaks For Islam?: What a Billion Muslims Really Think|But blaming Islam is a simple answer, easier and less controversial than re-examining the core political issues and grievances that resonate in much of the Muslim world: the failures of many Muslim governments and societies, some aspects of U.S. foreign policy representing intervention and dominance, Western support for authoritarian regimes, the invasion and occupation of Iraq, or support for Israel's military battles with Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon. (p. 136-137)
Edgar Lee Masters, Spoon River Anthology|The strongest soldier cannot balance long upon the blade that does divide his honor and his heart, and whatever way he falls, the cut will kill him.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|Fuck, if only ‘aesthetic idiom’ didn’t sound so damn poncy.
Sheridan Hay, The Secret of Lost Things|I know who the real hero is, and it isn't me or brave Lanaya. It's an old man with a white beard and a walking stick and a heart so big it won't let him stop thinking he can change the world by writing down things in a book no one will ever read.
Algernon Sidney|Neither the George W. Bush nor the Obama administrations volunteered to bail out G.M., Chrysler and other parts of the auto sector. Both subscribed firmly to the longstanding American principle that government should resolutely avoid these kinds of interventions, particularly in the industrial sector.
Ben Carson, Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story|By reading so much, my vocabulary automatically improved along with my comprehension.
Taylor Stevens, The Doll|The pain on the inside is what keeps you human,' she said. 'Never forget that.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|It is important not to suppress your feelings altogether when you are depressed. It is equally important to avoid terrible arguments or expressions of outrage. You should steer clear of emotionally damaging behavior. People forgive, but it is best not to stir things up to the point at which forgiveness is required. When you are depressed, you need the love of other people, and yet depression fosters actions that destroy that love. Depressed people often stick pins into their own life rafts. The conscious mind can intervene. One is not helpless.
Annelise Ryan, Board Stiff|Unattached and aimless, these old men are always infatuated with little certainties and regularities such as those that ordered the life of Mr. Krupper as seen from outside. Habit is living. Anything unexpected reminds them of death.("Hard Candy")
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|The camera has a mind of its own--its own point of view. Then the human bearer of time stumbles into the camera's gaze--the camera's domain of pristine space hitherto untraversed is now contaminated by human temporality. Intrusion occurs, but the camera remains transfixed by its object. It doesn't care. The camera has no human fears.
Kim Gordon, Girl in a Band|Every woman knows what I'm talking about when I say girls grow up with a desire to please, to cede their power to other people. . . everyone knows about the sometimes aggressive and manipulative ways men often exert power in the world, and how by using the word empowered to describe women, men are simply maintaining their own power and control.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|Can you sacrifice people?' I asked. 'Take their magic that way?''Yes,' he said. 'But there's a catch.''What's the catch?''You get hunted down even unto the ends of the Earth and summarily executed.
Ann Brasco|Drugs and medical technology can be enormously beneficial when used to take care of real complications, but too often they are abused when applied to women birthing normally. These women are thus subjected to unnecessary risks. The key to this problem is informed consent, an ideal too seldom realized. Informed consent means that no woman during pregnancy or labor should ever be deceived into thinking that any drug or procedure (Demerol, Seconal, spinals, caudals, epidurals, paracervical block, etc.) is guaranteed safe. Not only are there no guaranteed safe drugs, but many of them have well-known, recognized side effects and potential side effects.Informed consent should mean that no woman would ever hear such falsehoods as, “This is harmless,” or, “I only give it in such a small dose that it can’t affect the baby,” or, “This is just a local and won’t reach the baby.
Lauren Slater, Playing House: Notes of a Reluctant Mother|...the clear water the color of deeply steeped tea, surrounded by cattails and gracile grasses.
Ryan Gosling|Never, and I mean never, allow anyone else's ideas of who you can or can't become sully your dream or pollute your imagination. This is your territory, and a 'Keep Out' sign is a great thing to erect at all entrances to your imagination.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without craziness, there is no courage.
Bien Sufficient|Whatsoever you set your hands on doing, do it in such a way that your work will always stand out.
George S. Patton|My husband and I are best of friends first and foremost. We fight like cats and dogs, but never stay mad for long. I was lucky to find him, he is in every way, my soulmate.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|The succession of thoughts appears in time, but the gap between two of them is outside time. The gap itself is normally unobserved. The chance of enlightenment is missed.
S.G. Holster, Thirty Seconds to Die|You're not safe with me."He cut me off, seeming to growl. "I don't want to be safe. I want to be with you. You can't do this alone.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Confident persons hit roadblocks while pursuing their dreams and objectives, but they look for an alternate route rather than giving up and going home.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|When you stir your rice pudding, Septimus, the spoonful of jam spreads itself round making red trails like the picture of a meteor in my astronomical atlas. But if you stir backwards, the jam will not come together again. Indeed, the pudding does not notice and continues to turn pink just as before. Do you think this is odd?
Mark Fiore, You Are Loved . . . an email memoir|It's one thing to have a divinely inspired love given to you to experience and share; it's something else altogether to recognize it when it appears. Our job is to go on being humbled and grateful that we should get to experience such a thing in our lifetimes, and preserve its magic by doing the most responsible thing possible to keep it alive . . . Just keep saying yes.
Lapo Elkann|Driven to design by what she refers to as the lack of glamour in the industry, Bar Or creates for the modern woman who is a fashion risk-taker, one who is confident and, perhaps, has a larger than life personality.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Without words meaning anything, we stop meaning anything. It's getting to the point where nobody means what they say or says what they really mean.
Kailash Kher|Writing is good, thinking is better. Cleverness is good, patience is better.
Neil Gaiman|Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|The feelings that still linger, decade after decade, aren’t just the residue of a love lost. They are as real as the first day I told her I loved her." ~Corbin Jones, Voice of Innocence
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Grief and rage--you need to contain that, to put a frame around it, where it can play itself out without you or your kin having to die. There is a theory that watching unbearable stories about other people lost in grief and rage is good for you--may cleanse you of your darkness. Do you want to go down to the pits of yourself all alone? Not much. What if an actor could do it for you? Isn't that why they are called actors? They act for you. You sacrifice them to action. And this sacrifice is a mode of deepest intimacy of you with your own life. Within it you watch [yourself] act out the present or possible organization of your nature. You can be aware of your own awareness of this nature as you never are at the moment of experience. The actor, by reiterating you, sacrifices a moment of his own life in order to give you a story of yours.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|From her vantage point, looking up at [Ian] through the water-spotted and slightly blurry lenses of her glasses, he was quite literally larger than life. Right at that moment, with his hands up on his head, his muscular chest bare, and his boxer shorts clinging to him in a most revealing way, water matting the hair on his chest and his legs and his eyelashes, he was ridiculously attractive. Even with his more conventionally handsome brother standing next to him.Of course the fact that Aaron was looking down at her with unconcealed dislike in his pretty hazel eyes might’ve had something to with it, as if she weren’t a person but instead a pile of excrement left on his pool deck by a wart-covered troll with an intestinal ailment.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|question the status quo; rebuke the existing rules, though it may be at the discomfort of the masses. They may however come to a later realization that it was really worth it and you may now have the status quo
Galway Kinnell|Little sleep's-head sprouting hair in the moonlight,when I come backwe will go out together,we will walk out together among,the ten thousand things,each scratched too late with such knowledge, the wages of dying is love.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Fair mindedness doesn't require a lot of thought, it requires a lot of bravery.
Tycho|Chemical synthesis is uniquely positioned at the heart of chemistry, the central science, and its impact on our lives and society is all pervasive.
Nicki Minaj|Teenage girls these days are more and more getting lured into thinking they should dumb themselves down, and that's going to attract the wrong kind of guy, and it's serious. It's serious business.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Did I live the spring I’d sought?It’s true in joy, I walked along,took part in dance, and sang the song.and never tried to bind an hourto my borrowed garden bower;nor did I once entreata day to slumber at my feet.Yet days aren’t lulled by lyric song,like morning birds they pass along,o’er crests of trees, to none belong;o’er crests of trees of drying dew,their larking flight, my hands, eschewThus I’ll say it once and true…From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered,I learned that time cannot be spent,It only can be squandered.
Jennifer Jones|Honest good humor is the oil and wine of a merry meeting, and there is no jovial companionship equal to that where the jokes are rather small and laughter abundant.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|If you don’t want me to be in love with you, you’re going to have to stop looking so lovely. First thing tomorrow I’m having your maids sew some potato sacks together for you.
Maya Angelou|Every word was a singing sparrow, a magic trick, a truffle for me. The words made me laugh in delight.
Celine Dion|There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.
Patrick Anderson Jr., Quarter Life Crisis|If human equality is to be for ever averted — if the High, as we have called them, are to keep their places permanently — then the prevailing mental condition must be controlled insanity.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|Tirelessly they flew on and on, and tirelessly she kept pace. She felt a fierce joy possessing her, that she could command these immortal presences. And she rejoiced in her blood and flesh, in the rough pine bark she felt next to her skin, in the beat of her heart and the life of all her senses, and in the hunger she was feeling now, and in the presence of her sweet-voiced bluethroat dæmon, and in the earth below her and the lives of every creature, plant and animal both; and she delighted in being of the same substance as them, and in knowing that when she died her flesh would nourish other lives as they had nourished her.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It's strange how time can make a place shrink, make its strangeness ordinary.
Thomas Arnalsteen|I need to move. I don’t fit in here. I almost tried a juice cleanse once, but quickly remembered that I could starve, and was starving, myself for free.
Ashly Lorenzana|The more fucked up you are, the more I like you. As long as you've managed to hold onto your identity through all the shit, then it won't matter how twisted you are. I will love you more for it.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy.
Laurie Lee, I Can't Stay Long|Love encompasses so much, reaches so far, and heals so deeply, that any attempt to describe it, no matter how poetic, only dilutes it.
Noor Marwan|Italian-Americans in New York had not been in much of a flag-waving mood prior to DiMaggio's arrival. By the All-Star break, the rookie had established himself as a wonderful player (.358, 10HR, 60 RBIs), fully justifying the acclaim. But Gehrig was even better (.399, 20 HR, 61 RBIs). He was leading the league in nearly every category, including invisibility.
Susan C. Young|Your inner critic is that voice in your head that second-guesses your choices, doubts your abilities, judges your appearance, criticizes you at every turn, and tries to convince you that you are never good enough.
Janet Jackson|We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.
Norman Cousins|Even though I didn't get a business degree, I enjoyed learning about economics.
Ryan Gosling|Faith indeed tells what the senses do not tell, but not the contrary of what they see. It is above them and not contrary to them.
Ralph Nader|I think the currency of leadership is transparency. You've got to be truthful. I don't think you should be vulnerable every day, but there are moments where you've got to share your soul and conscience with people and show them who you are, and not be afraid of it.
Cedric Nye, Rage and Ruin|A human has seven litres of blood. This they had taught him in the army. Seven litres, which, with an arterial cut will vent a fountain two or three metres, and take three to four minutes to bleed out.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Believe in God, the Creator of all possibilities.
Havelock Ellis|One of the great failings of our education system is that we tend to focus on those who are succeeding in exams, and there are plenty of them. But what we should also be looking at, and a lot more urgently, is those who fail.
Cusi Cram|I wasn’t as untrusting. I had faith in the goodness of people, the perfection of love.What happened?Everything ends. And it’s how they end that leaves the lasting effect.
Dee Lestari|kenangan itu cuma hantu di sudut pikir. selama kita diam dan ngga berbuat apa-apa, selamanya dia tetap jadi hantu, ngga akan pernah jadi kenyataan.
Stacey Kade|Do you have any idea who Erin was kissing?""Yeah, so we'll brush out teeth really, really thoroughly afterwards," I said, bumping her nose with mine gently. I wasn't going to let anyone spoil this moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Those who dare seek, shall find what they are seeking for.
Andrew Zolli, Resilience: Why Things Bounce Back|I pretend to reach for them, but before he can guess my intentions, I catch one of his wings instead. He flutters, trying to break loose, his one free wing batting my hand.I draw out the decanter and stuff him into it, careful to fold his wings. I don’t want to hurt him. I just want to better him.Once he’s settled inside, I shove a paper towel into the bottle’s neck. No need to worry that he’ll smother. After all, he spent that night in a bug trap last year and sur
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|There seldom is a single wave. Another way to look at it is, 'when it rains, it pours.' Good luck or bad luck often followed by more of the same. Whatever path you begin, it's almost impossible to change your direction. You're sent hurtling through space, crashing through experiences decided by the first few decisions you ever made. Binary choices set against something as simple as a yes or no in your earliest stages of development. As a Future Child, that would be your primitive choices in Genus. Actions, friendships, whether to smile in one moment or frown in the next. Those are all paths that, once set upon, are entirely unchangeable. At least, that's what I was designed to think.
Kahlil Gibran|If he were allowed contact with foreigners he would discover that they are creatures similar to himself and that most of what he has been told about them is lies. The sealed world in which he lives would be broken, and the fear, hatred and self-righteousness on which his morale depends might evaporate.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...you can use words if you wish, but I'm warning you - I've learned how to read your heart ...
Baltasar Gracian|Innately, there are qualities in human beings that are always repetitive. There are things like love and hate and jealousy that are just going to be there forever.
Adam Grant|Arizona has excellent medical schools, both public and private, and it is critical that we create an environment that keeps medical students in Arizona to practice medicine once they complete medical school and their residency programs.
Dada Bhagwan|To speak in a way that causes the other person to get disturbed is the greatest crime. On the contrary, if someone else speaks in that way, you should suppress it; that is considered a human.
Juliette Binoche|In all the difficult decisions that I made through the course of running Loudcloud and Opsware, I never once felt brave. In fact, I often felt scared to death. I never lost those feelings, but after much practice, I learned to ignore them. That learning process might also be called the courage development process.
John Green, Paper Towns|You go on, I presume, with your latin Exercises: and I wish to hear of your beginning upon Sallust who is one of the most polished and perfect of the Roman Historians, every Period of whom, and I had almost said every Syllable and every Letter is worth Studying.In Company with Sallust, Cicero, Tacitus and Livy, you will learn Wisdom and Virtue. You will see them represented, with all the Charms which Language and Imagination can exhibit, and Vice and Folly painted in all their Deformity and Horror.You will ever remember that all the End of study is to make you a good Man and a useful Citizen.—This will ever be the Sum total of the Advice of your affectionate Father,John Adams
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|The roots of war are in the way we live our daily lives —the way we develop our industries, build up our society, and consume goods.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|And just so you know—that winter forest we walked into first? That was from Through the Looking Glass too. Hey, if you’re going to saddle me with the blame for your overconsumption, at least get the book right.
Jack London, The Scarlet Plague|What is peace? Balance three iron skewers tip to tip, one upon the other; at the summit, emplace an egg, so that it too poises static in mid-air, and there you have the condition of peace in this world of men.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|Now isn´t the time to change yourself to fit into the world... you should be changing the world to accept you. To let you exist as you are, without being cut open and damaged.
Josh Gates, Destination Truth: Memoirs of a Monster Hunter|If travel has momentum and wants to stay in motion, as I mentioned earlier, then adventure has the gravitational pull of a black hole. The more you do it, the more you find a way to keep doing it.
Bud Harris, Sacred Selfishness: A Guide to Living a Life of Substance|Personal growth will cause a ripple effect as the growth in consciousness of enough people, one by one, can create general change, and lasting social improvements.
Steve Earle|The abduction of a child is a tragedy. No one can fully understand or appreciate what a parent goes through at such a time, unless they have faced a similar tragedy. Every parent responds differently. Each parent copes with this nightmare in the best way he or she knows how.
Edward Gibbon|You know, a football coach is nothing more than a teacher. You teach them the same subject, and you have a group of new guys every year.
Heyward Bruce Ewart III, AM I BAD? Recovering From Abuse|All people cross the line from childhood to adulthood with a secondhand opinion of who they are. Without any questioning, we take as truth whatever our parents and other influentials have said about us during our childhood, whether these messages are communicated verbally, physically, or silently.
Lindsey Vonn|My dad is a great writer. Naturally talented, naturally charming. He embodies that back-in-the-day cool.
Neil Gaiman, Norse Mythology|In their huge bedroom that night, Tyr said to Thor, "I hope you know what you are doing.""Of course I do," said Thor. But he didn't. He was just doing whatever he felt like doing. That was what Thor did best.
René Daumal|A man who makes a plate or a shirt or a loaf of bread or anything our great great ancestors called a work of art, has no need to try to be sincere; all he can do is practice his craft to the best of his ability. But once he starts making useless things, how can he not be sincere?
Adam Kirk Smith|When you have knowledge, patience, and passion, and pair those with hard work, you will find success -- but don’t ever forget about kindness.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|It is said that no one truly knows a nation until one has been inside its jails. A nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but its lowest ones.
Edith Hamilton, The Roman Way|The religious right sees every group trying to achieve equality with them as a threat, because obviously if they become equal to them, THEY won't be able to abuse their human rights anymore.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Sometimes you just have to know when the battle you’re fighting is one best walked away from, than fought to the cold, bitter end.
Amruta Patil, Kari|I guess everyone has a bird urge when they look down heights, a desire to jump, without wing or buoyant sail. Fear of heights is fear of a desire to jump.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|The trick is learning to frame your new ideas as tweaks of old ideas, to mix a little fluency with a little disfluency—to make your audience see the familiarity behind the surprise.
Italo Calvino|Listening to someone read aloud is very different from reading in silence. When you read, you can stop or skip sentences: you are the one who sets the pace. When someone else is reading, it is difficult to make your attention coincide with the tempo of his reading: the voice goes either too fast or too slow.And then, listening to someone who is translating from another language involves a fluctuation, a hesitation over the words, a margin of indecision, something vague, tentative. The text, when you are the reader, is something that is there, against which you are forced to clash; when someone translates it aloud to you, it is something that is and is not there, that you cannot manage to touch.
Tae Yun Kim, The Silent Master: Awakening the Power Within|Spending time and energy on pleasing others is like a hole in a balloon; soon all the air is gone and all that’s left is a shell". HS/el
Melissa Marsh|This is what I chose. This is it." I look over Robert's shoulder. The Dauntless guards seem to have finished examining the truck. The bearded man gets back into the driver's seat and closes the door behind him. "Besides, Robert. The goal of my life isn't just...to be happy." "Wouldn't it be easier if it was, though?" he says
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy|This is all very personal for me, but it's also collective, and the two are not disconnected. I have never believed that you only advocate for the things that you stand for and embody. I've always believed that our liberation, my liberation, is tied up with yours. To make a country that works for me, there's gotta be a country that works for you.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|Once I accepted the fact that I was bad luck, I shied away from group activities. And groups. And activities. I started spending a lot of time in my room, tucked under my covers reading books. There’s only so much damage a book can do, and I wasn’t worried about hurting myself. Accidentally hurting yourself is way better than hurting other people.Sure, I got lonely for a while. But getting invited to slumber parties just wasn’t worth the stress of wondering if I might accidentally burn down the house with my flat iron or be the only survivor of a freak sleepover massacre. And loneliness is just like everything else—if you endure it long enough, you get used to it.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Stay beautiful, stay positive, and remember that you matter in this world.
Daniel Abraham, The Price of Spring|We say that flowers return every spring, but that is a lie. It is true that the world is renewed. It is also true that that renewal comes at a price, for even if the flower grows from an ancient vine, the flowers of spring are themselves new to the world, untried and untested. The flower that wilted last year is gone. Petals once fallen are fallen forever. Flowers do not return in the spring, rather they are replaced. It is in this difference between returned and replaced that the price of renewal is paid. And as it is for spring flowers, so it is for us.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Global summits are necessary to discuss and strategise, but will never be the platform that will uproot the seeds of hatred, intolerance, polluted beliefs and passionate convictions that fuel whatever we term terrorism. The excelling leader should be thinking of dealing with the soil and the seed, how do you make sure the soil is not polluted and how do you counter the retrogressive seed that is being planted?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|All I ever wanted, nira I expected: Nonette, upon whom my life pivots.The name I give my fire when I lay down, defenseless before its majestic awfulness.A little no, a little negation. A French girly pout, the syllables for which have been found at last.All my hurt dug up, exposed for dissection in the glaring light, and finally melted away by the loving caresses of her yielding thighs.And the girl who took such simple job in this terrible duty.Nonette.
Gerald Graff and Cathy Birkenstein|Cutting words can cut your readers but if the intention is pure, the story will resonate loud and true.
Kimberly Lewis|People don’t really have much of a choice when the heart falls. I’m lucky enough that mine just so happened to fall for you, Misty.”—Dylan to Misty in, When the Heart Falls
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.
Tessa Bailey, Too Hard to Forget|Life is nothing, if you feel nothing.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|Respecting requests, rules and privacy is a universal law. You break that basic etiquette 101, you're seriously flawed.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|He was the bad boy type all right. The type my mother warned me about. the type you have a good time with, then forget about as you go home to live your boring life, while he moves on to the next skirt ready to give him the time of day.
Auliq-Ice|Never feel intimidated by defeat nor death, but rather intimidate life with your dreams.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.
Rossana Condoleo|Despite wearing a Rolex, I have no time.
Christine Feehan, Dark Demon|Shadow and dust shall be reclaimed, earth sealing the tomb from which you came. Dust to dust, ashes to ashes, warrior return, breathe your last. Air, earth, fire, water, hear my voice, obey my order, thrice around your grave do bound, evil sink into the ground. I now invoke the law of three, this is my will, so mote it be.
Ashly Lorenzana|If you're not scared of the dark, it hasn't been dark enough.
J.R. Ward, Crave|The Power of Less is perfect for achieving goals: Limit yourself to fewer goals, and you’ll achieve more. At the same time, we’ll look at ways to narrow your focus on your projects, so that you can complete them more effectively and move forward on your goals. We’ll apply limitations to our projects to increase our effectiveness.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|In order for us to become the Bride of Christ, we must stop being so divided. We must start coming together. We must be places of refuge for the nonbelievers and start being places they want to come. That doesn't mean that we will always agree on everything, but we must start pursuing unity.
Tanith Lee|Maidens who stay maidens turn into saints. Old women become sorceresses. Tough jobs, both of these.
Corrie Ten Boom|I'm looking forward to the future, and feeling grateful for the past.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Happy is very abstract, you can't touch it.
RJ Arkhipov|For youth, the moon is a promise of all those tremendous things which await it, for older people a memento that the promise was never kept, a reminder of all that broke and went to pieces...And what is moonshine? Secondhand sunshine. Diluted, counterfeit.
Albert Einstein|However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|If I had been born in the medieval times, my subjective union with God and the Universe would have evoked the rise of another Gnostic religion. But, by the grace of Mother Nature, I am born in an era of Science and Reasoning. Hence, I have dissected my own experience of Absolute Divinity as well as the experiences of all the religious giants in my works, in order to discover the physical truth underneath these apparently supernatural experiences.
Pablo Neruda, Passions and Impressions|Then I speak to her in a language she has never heard, I speak to her in Spanish, in the tongue of the long, crepuscular verses of Díaz Casanueva; in that language in which Joaquín Edwards preaches nationalism. My discourse is profound; I speak with eloquence and seduction; my words, more than from me, issue from the warm nights, from the many solitary nights on the Red Sea, and when the tiny dancer puts her arm around my neck, I understand that she understands. Magnificent language!
Margaret Drabble, The Pattern in the Carpet: A Personal History with Jigsaws|Auntie Phyl's last months in the care home were extra pieces. Age is unnecessary. Some of us, like my mother, are fortunate enough to die swiftly and suddenly, in full possession of our faculties and our fate, but more and more of us will be condemned to linger, at the mercy of anxious or indifferent relatives, careless strangers, unwanted medical interventions, increasing debility, incontinence, memory loss. We live too long, but, like the sibyl hanging in her basket in the cave at Cumae, we find it hard to die.
Neil Gaiman, Dream Country|Writers are liars, my dear, surely you know that by now? And yet, things need not have happened to be true. Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes, and forgot.
