Paulo Coelho|Part of the power of all storytelling is reassurance, offering hope to those sat in the darkness, that good can succeed and wrongdoing fail.
Irving Stone, The Agony and the Ecstasy: A Biographical Novel of Michelangelo|We...believe that art is religious, because it is one of man's highest aspirations. There is no such thing as pagan art, only good and bad art.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Move what you can do at level one when you get to level one. When you get to level two, you need a bigger power to move it!
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|We think we know that chimpanzees are higher animals and earthworms are lower, we think we've always known what that means, and we think evolution makes it even clearer. But it doesn't. It is by no means clear that it means anything at all. Or if it means anything, it means so many different things to be misleading, even pernicious.
Li Shufu|Broadband access is the great equalizer, leveling the playing field so that every willing and able person, no matter their station in life, has access to the information and tools necessary to achieve the American Dream.
Simon Raven|HATE, even if it's making money. is an underground movie, that's how it was made. It's a film about police brutality in the largest sense, it's about the whole of society and not just about the hood.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|But there are not two laws, that was the next thing I thought I understood, not two laws, one for the healthy, another for the sick, but one only to which all must bow, rich and poor, young and old, happy and sad. He was eloquent. I pointed out that I was not sad. That was a mistake. Your papers, he said, I knew it a moment later. Not at all, I said, not at all. Your papers! he cried. Ah my papers.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|Many had suspected that the political disasters of the past few years had a hidden cause. The bloodiness of the French mob rule was something unnatural, with a pitiless and inhuman progression that had never been seen before.
Nikki Rowe|Re-claim your power, don't you dare shrink your worth for someone elses glory. They'll attempt to sabotage your greatnes but it is you that will feel the aftermath of your unwritten story.
Robert T. Kiyosaki|But when you say crazy, that describes very well what the general appearance may be to ordinary, everyday people.
Jerry Spinelli, Loser|I have faith in us as a family, and our friends. I think we will survive because we don’t wish to harm anyone. If you ever need something to believe in, believe that to stand and fight for the people you love is the most honorable thing you can do with your life.
Edna Ferber|Our party is a diverse one, as is my home state of Illinois.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|Rules are for children. This is war, and in war the only crime is to lose.
Yehuda Bauer|Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.
Leo Tolstoy|He felt now that he was not simply close to her, but that he did not know where he ended and she began.
Christopher Moore|What love is not torment when a man knows not how to love himself? Talk not of drowning, but attaining your heart's desire by action: Put money in thy purse.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|Different parts of the world have different attitudes to failure. Arguably, it may take more courage to be an entrepreneur in Sydney, or Paris, or London, or Japan, or Singapore... but an entrepreneur sees the world for what it could be, not what it is.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have had the privilege of preaching the Gospel on every continent in most of the countries of the world, and I have found that when I present the simple message of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, with authority, quoting from the very Word of God—He takes that message and drives it supernaturally into the human heart.
Johnny Carson|In Hollywood if you don't have a shrink, people think you're crazy.
Delia Winters, Live&Witching|Who was this girl alone so late at nightin search of a faded cassette illusion to disembowel the clocks of time’s intrusion? Those eyes belonged to the most beautiful maniac I’ve ever met. Our love is a vine of entrails that can follow any coffin anywhere, no matter how deep any gravedigger might travel.
Rick Riordan|I have sympathy for the people in Syria, and I do think there should be a worldwide response, but we should act cautiously.
Sunday Adelaja|Know who you are, know your mission and educate yourself in your mission field
Sean Wilsey, Oh the Glory of it All|Christianity grasped perfectly that there is an element in the apparent contingency of love that can’t be reduced to that contingency. But it immediately raised it to the level of transcendence, and that is the root of the problem. This universal element I too recognize in love as immanent. But Christianity has somehow managed to elevate it and refocus it onto a transcendent power. It’s an ideal that was already partly present in Plato, through the idea of the Good. It is a brilliant first manipulation of the power of love and one we must now bring back to earth. I mean we must demonstrate that love really does have universal power, but that it is simply the opportunity we are given to enjoy a positive, creative, affirmative experience of difference. The Other, no doubt, but without the “Almighty-Other”, without the “Great Other” of transcendence.
Chris Evert|I don't really know a lot of famous people. I've met a lot of famous people. If I ran into Tom Hanks today, I would have to remind him who I was and he would then remember me. But he wouldn't come up to me and say, 'Hi Dave!'
John Flavel, The Fountain of Life Opened, Or, a Display of Christ in His Essential and Mediatorial Glory Wherein the Impetration of Our Redemption by Jesus Christ|When God plans to bless a man, he takes this poor time-cursed creature into His hand and says., My son, I breath into you eternity and immortality.
Ethan Gilsdorf|Real life this fdar had taught me that in the adult world, fate was chaotic and uncertain. Guidelines for success were arbitrary. But in the world of D&D, at least there was a rule book... By role-playing, we were in control, and our characters... wandered through places of danger, their destinies, ostensibly, within our grasp.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Some things happen for a reason, Others just come with the season.
Monika Zands|The moral of the story couldn’t be clearer: you already know if your partner is fucking around behind your back, you just need to decide if you’re done being a doormat. You need to wake up one morning and decide that those rose-colored glasses are so last fucking season.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|Fog is more dangerous than dark, as it gives the illusion of seeing.
Xun Kuang|The President has a wonderful sense of humor, which is one of the reasons it is so much fun to work for him.
Ranata Suzuki|Every quote, every book, every film seemed to suggest that ‘one day’ someone would come into my life and love me with an intensity and a passion I had never experienced before. And to their credit they were right; It all came and went so fast it really did feel as if it were just ‘one day’....
Tom Stoppard|Refuse to be a lazy Christian, and resist a passive, apathetic attitude.
Ramakrishna|Nah, I've always had a great relationship with my two brothers, I have always had their support in my football and in everything. They've been very close to me and we have a great relationship.
Joseph de Maistre|No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|You know I love you,' said the other mother flatly.'You have a very funny way of showing it,' said Coraline.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With persistent endeavour, you can fulfilled your dreams.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|And in my mind, this settles the issue. I would never drink cologne, and am therefore not an alcoholic.
Gordon Ramsay|There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
Matthew Stover|Fear generates anger, and fear generates violence, and those were part of what built the Saudi state.
Frank Wilczek, Longing for the Harmonies: Themes and Variations from Modern Physics|[..] when we get down to the subatomic level, the solid world we live in also consists, again rather worryingly, of almost nothing and that wherever we do find something it turns out not to actually something, but only the probability that there may something there.
Jonathan Swift|If a man makes me keep my distance, the comfort is, he keeps his at the same time.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|There were many tomorrows to be lived through his children. He could only hope that they would face them more courageously than he had, that his mistakes would serve as warning signs rather than crutches to lean on.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|You are like a seed; your greater beauty lies not on the outside, but within.
Brad Stone, The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon|You don't feel thirty percent smarter when the stock goes up by thirty percent so when the stock goes down you shouldn't feel thirty percent dumber" Jeff Bezos
John Updike, Self-Consciousness|Oh, how crafty of religion, I cried out indignantly, to transplant rewards and punishments into a future life in order to comfort cowards and the enslaved and aggrieved, enabling them to bow their necks patiently before their masters, and to endure this earthly life without groaning (the only life of which we can be sure)!
Henry David Thoreau, Letters to Various Persons|Many more have died of attempting love than victory, and countless numbers hate love more than war. Honor has often been the dear prize awarded to the killers of lovers. The epics of war have always and still outnumber the epics of love. For those who love deeply and greatly gain a clairvoyant, excruciating awareness of the fear and suffering of the world along with their joy, which few warriors could endure. Who is not more truly afraid of a love story than of a tale of war?
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|History is boring, unless you see it from the right perspective. perspective is important.Corn growing in a field appears orderless, till one turns the corner and sees the rows line up. a pixelized photo is unrecognizable, till one zooms out. All the the numbers are on a combination lock but it will not open till they are in the right sequence.So it is with history - all the names, dates and places are there, but it is not until they are seen from the right perspective that lessons become clear. history is boring, until it comes into focus.
Ilyas Kassam|Logic in all its infinite potential, is the most dangerous of vices. For one can always find some form of logic to justify his action, and rest comfortably in the assurance, that what he did abides by reason. That is why, for us brittle beings, Intention is the only true weapon of peace.
Micky Barnetti, Lies My Teacher Told Me: Swastikas, Nazis, Pledge of Allegiance Lies Exposed by Rex Curry and Francis & Edward Bellamy|How strange it is that the house of these hedonic stalwarts is filled with all the luxuries of life, right from plasma televisions to Swiss bank cheque books. So how will they notice the tonnes of food grains rotting in the northern belt?
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|. . . you have blighted the promise of youth, and made my life a wilderness!
M. Scott Peck|If for a while the harder you try, the harder it gets, take heart. So it has been with the best people who ever lived. (The Inconvenient Messiah, BYU Speeches, Feb 15, 1982)
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Apropos, you're going to have to learn to sooner or later that you can't just let other people decide what the world around you should and shouldn't be.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|He had no racial feeling—not because he was superior to his brother civilians, but because he had matured in a different atmosphere, where the herd instinct does not flourish.
Diana Wynne Jones, The Tough Guide to Fantasyland|Horses are of a breed unique to Fantasyland. They are capable of galloping full-tilt all day without a rest. Sometimes they do not require food or water. They never cast shoes, go lame or put their hooves down holes, except when the Management deems it necessary, as when the forces of the Dark Lord are only half an hour behind. They never otherwise stumble. Nor do they ever make life difficult for Tourists by biting or kicking their riders or one another. They never resist being mounted or blow out so that their girths slip, or do any of the other things that make horses so chancy in this world. For instance, they never shy and seldom whinny or demand sugar at inopportune moments. But for some reason you cannot hold a conversation while riding them. If you want to say anything to another Tourist (or vice versa), both of you will have to rein to a stop and stand staring out over a valley while you talk. Apart from this inexplicable quirk, horses can be used just like bicycles, and usually are. Much research into how these exemplary animals come to exist has resulted in the following: no mare ever comes into season on the Tour and no stallion ever shows an interest in a mare; and few horses are described as geldings. It therefore seems probable that they breed by pollination. This theory seems to account for everything, since it is clear that the creatures do behave more like vegetables than mammals. Nomads appears to have a monopoly on horse-breeding. They alone possess the secret of how to pollinate them.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Everyone seems inspired by some religion that promises fulfillment. Within the clashing words we are all expressing the same impulses. We are divided over methods which are the fruit of our reasoning, but not over our goals, which are identical.
Martha N. Beck|...they needed someone to explain, to spin, the parts of the tale that couldn't be suppressed. Someone reputable and educated. Someone brilliant yet absolutely committed to the faith. Someone like my father.
Sima Mittal|A world in which people with learning difficulties have access to the resources they need to live happier, healthier, more secure and more meaningful lives.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|Silence - best answer for all the questions does certainly be, Your smile - best reaction to all the life’s situations positively.[228]	- 4 (Thoughts)
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|I looked up, and I really wished I hadn’t. My obsession with those eyes was playing a taunting game with me. His mesmerising gaze was like none other I had ever experienced in my life. It was almost as if he could reach into my soul and pick out all of my sins. Sins I didn’t want him to know about. Sins that would ultimately destroy me if they ever got out. If he knew my sins, he wouldn’t be kneeling beside me with my hand in his. He wouldn’t be sharing with me that look of promises to come. He would be disgusted with me. I was disgusted with me.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|And be thinking, remembering. Trying to. All difficult dark stuff, stories stuffed away, like old socks into old pillowcases. Not quite knowing the weight of truth in them much more. And things that I have let be a long time in the interests of happiness, or at least that daily contentment that I was once I do believe mistress of
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|When we live in the ego, we are human. When we live in the Awareness of the Oneness, we are Human Angels
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|Take the universe and grind it down to the finest powder and sieve it through the finest sieve and then show me one atom of justice, one molecule of mercy. and yet... and yet you act as if there is some ideal order in the world, as if there is some... some rightness in the universe by which it may be judged.
Eduardo Galeano, Open Veins of Latin America: Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent|The human murder by poverty in Latin America is secret: every year, without making a sound, three Hiroshima bombs explode over communities that have become accustomed to suffering with clenched teeth.
Benjamin Disraeli|If logic and reason, the hard, cold products of the mind, can be relied upon to deliver justice or produce the truth, how is it that these brain-heavy judges rarely agree? Five-to-four decisions are the rule, not the exception. Nearly half of the court must be unjust and wrong nearly half of the time. Each decision, whether the majority or minority, exudes logic and reason like the obfuscating ink from a jellyfish, and in language as opaque. The minority could have as easily become the decision of the court. At once we realize that logic, no matter how pretty and neat, that reason, no matter how seemingly profound and deep, does not necessarily produce truth, much less justice. Logic and reason often become but tools used by those in power to deliver their load of injustice to the people. And ultimate truth, if, indeed, it exists, is rarely recognizable in the endless rows of long words that crowd page after page of most judicial regurgitations.
J.K. Rowling, Quidditch Through the Ages|Madam Pince, our librarian, tells me that it is 'pawed about, dribbled on, and generally maltreated' nearly everyday - a high compliment for any book.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Make your life a magical journey of Life, encountering Life.
Debasish Mridha|To be a successful doer, be a dreamer.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|When you buy a jacket, it’s important the pockets are big enough for a paperback!
Katy Evans, Womanizer|I learned you can't always count on your life plans to go your way. Sometimes some higher power somewhere has a bigger picture. Puts you where you didn't expect to be. To learn what you need to learn. Life sometimes doesn't run in the cycles it's expected to. We are all here for a blink. Life changes in a blink. We fall in love sometimes, in a blink.
Andrew Rilstone|But she was finding it increasingly easy to believe that God, if there was a God, and if it was remotely possible that any godlike being who could order the disposition of particles at the creation of the Universe would also be interested in directing traffic on the M4, did not want her to fly to Norway either.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|As a writer, I like the list of "things to strive for" that Richard Yates kept above his typewriter:genuine claritygenuine feelingthe right wordthe exact English sentencethe eloquent detailthe rigorous dramatization of story
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Always be kind, for everyone is fighting a hard battle.
Kathy Lette, To Love, Honour And Betray|When you've been around as long as me, Lucy, you'll know that there are three types of sex... One - brand-new, kitchen-table sex. Two - bedroom sex. Then number three - hallway sex, when you pass each other in the hallway and say 'Fuck you.'" - Lockie
Guster|In such a beast as this..." (he means the army)"...it was the collective power that went, collapsing like a long-exhausted animal, at once falling under its own weight as much as that of its enemy. It was a collective death and not a matter of bravery or even strength, and once it was down it was finished as a battle.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|She’s not ready and maybe she never will be, but I won’t stop trying. I’ll be patient if it kills me. I can just see it now. Cooper Hebert died of blue balls and a broken heart.
Sydney Smith|You have to really be courageous about your instincts and your ideas. Otherwise you'll just knuckle under, and things that might have been memorable will be lost.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|When the knowledge of biological fact is conjoined with imagination, on the other hand, one gets facts stranger than most fiction. When biology and morphology combine perspective with religion, they become a chimera of facts that can change the world view of spirituality. Cats bring this blending of biology, morphology and imagination to the prospective table of religious discussion especially. This is so because they have differing physiological functionalities that humans do not. These differences may seem trivial to many but one wonders how these variations would work themselves out in a sapient religion or spirituality centred on these quadrupedal predatory and often nocturnal creatures. Imagine not the cat worship that other religions in the past may have done. Instead, imagine what religion would be like if cats experienced it as sapient beings. The religion's context would take place in the physical form of the domestic cat, not the anthropological form. From the perspective of cats, the mirror of divinity reflected back at them would be quite different.
Sarah Waters, The Night Watch|She wished for a moment that they were all children again. It still seemed extraordinary to her, that everything had turned out the way it had.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|He describes sailing across mountainous seas, lashed to the wheel the bare rigging overhead dancing with blue electricity, St Elmo's fire the sailors called it. His clothes so saturated with the salt water he can barely stand, would fall if he weren’t tied up. The ship heaves in the heavy swells and the waves crash endlessly over the deck. Anything that wasn't tied down has long slid into the churning maelstrom including three crewmembers that didn’t lash themselves up in time. He holds the wheel and steers so the prow is climbing the huge wave that has blotted out the storm clouds, so tall the ship is almost vertical as it crests the wave and slides down into the next tumultuous surge. He tells how he screams into the storm knowing that the sound will be snatched away almost before it escapes his mouth and will become lost in the turmoil. 	‘There is no skill in manning your ship through seas that can smash it as though it were nothing but brittle planks of wood.’ Andre says, ‘Captains will boast of their prowess in a storm but you survive purely by the capricious will of the sea. She decides if you live or die, and in that situation all you can do is hold on for the ride and feel privileged that she has allowed you to see her at her most powerful.
Manula Withanage|Everyone has that turning point in their life, whether you are going to make it or not it will come into your life nevertheless.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Midnight Ball|No need, no, need. Life is already too short to find it.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, The House of Life|Look in my face; my name is Might-have-been; I am also call'd No-more, Too-late, Farewell
Chanakya|My story is a freedom song of struggle. It is about finding one's purpose, how to overcome fear and to stand up for causes bigger than one's self.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|...so one day my mother sat me down and explained that I couldn't become an explorer because everything in the world had already been discovered. I'd been born in the wrong century, and I felt cheated.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|Thinkers aren't limited by what they know, because they can always increase what they know. Rather they're limited by what puzzles them, because there's no way to become curious about something that doesn't puzzle you.
Brad Meltzer, History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time|It might've started as a lie, Faith, but it sure as hell didn't end as one. I might not have been real to you, and that's fine. But you have to know... you were real to me." His voice dropped so low I could barely hear him. "It was real to me. It's still real. The realest fucking thing I've ever felt.
Milton Friedman|The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary.
Alan W. Watts|This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|Meditation practice is not about later, when you get it all together and you’re this person you really respect.
D.H. Lawrence|You can't ever really have enough worth that when you're gone, the spot you left won't close over.
Aleksandra Layland, Far Haven: A Quest for Certitude. A Fight for Justice.|I want you with me, my dearest. Not just as a friend, though also as that. I want you as my wife. I want to know that we share our lives and cares, we share our health and ill, and we share our happiness and sorrow.
Tom Boellstorff, Ethnography and Virtual Worlds: A Handbook of Method|Virtual worlds are places of imagination that encompass practices of play, performance, creativity and ritual.
Octavia Spencer|I have more of a desire to write songs about being an independent woman than being in love, songs about getting up and moving on even if I have a broken heart. 'Wanna Say' is one of the few love songs I've ever done.
Phen Weston|Today words curve around my vision,Stumbling from my parched coreTo soak again those strands of silence.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Now the proper good of a creature is to surrender itself to its Creator - to enact intellectually, volitionally and emotionally, that relationship which is given in the mere fact of its being a creature when it does so, it is good and happy.
Nanette Mathews|Give yourself permission to enjoy this present moment. Resist the urge to fill it with I need to's, I shoulds, I coulds. Trying to fill all your present moments is impeding the natural flow of life.
Carlos Santana|There were two classes of charitable people: one, the people who did a little and made a great deal of noise; the other, the people who did a great deal and made no noise at all.
Michelle Madow, The Prophecy of Shadows|My world had gone from normal to magical in only a few days. Everything I’d once believed to be true had been turned upside down, and even though it was crazy and possibly dangerous, I loved every second of it.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|We are beautiful because we are sons and daughters of God, not because we look a certain way.
Sydney Strand, Bad Mom Rents a Man: Mother's Day|As children we are taught, "Sticks and stones may break my bones but words can never hurt me!" As adults we teach those same words to our own children while simultaneously we sue one another for defamation or verbal assault. Ah, the naked leading the blind.
Margaret Cho|Let me smile with the wise, and feed with the rich.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our interests are centered in ourselves. We are preoccupied with material things. Our supreme god is technology; our goddess is sex. Most of us are more interested in getting to the moon than in getting to heaven, more concerned about conquering space than about conquering ourselves. We are more dedicated to material security than to inner purity. We give much more thought to what we wear, what we eat, what we drink, and what we can do to relax than we give to what we are. This preoccupation with peripheral things applies to every area of our lives.
John Hodgman|Instead of thinking that's a nice tune, you start thinking is it the right pace, is it the right tempo? That is the death nell for artists.
Craig Raine|The task of the artist at any time is uncompromisingly simple — to discover what has not yet been done, and to do it.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|By contrast, if one conceives the idea of human rights as centring on the notion that each individual is completely autonomous and should have entire control over its own fate, this seems to me unrealistic even for human beings, and far too one-sided to be used as a central tool of morality.
Henry V. O'Neil, Live Echoes|Those were great big angry men with sharp swords actually wanting to cut pieces off me. It’s not until you’ve seen a red gaping wound and all the complex little bits inside a man all broken up and sliced open, and known that they weren’t ever getting back together again, and vomited your last two meals over the rocks . . . it’s not until then that you understand the business of swords properly and, if you’re a sensible man you vow to have nothing to do with it ever again.
Carl R. Rogers, Client-Centered Therapy: Its Current Practice, Implications and Theory|Authority is not a quality one person 'has,' in the sense that he has property or physical qualities. Authority refers to an interpersonal relation in which one person looks upon another as somebody superior to him.
Cheryl Julia Lee, We Were Always Eating Expired Things|We were always eating expired things. Milk, bread, biscuits, cake. We forgot about them as they sat around the house and just as they had gone bad, we put them in our mouths. Chocolates I brought back with me from Australia, cheeses in last year's Christmas hamper, juice from the last time someone decided to go grocery shopping. We didn't always realize they tasted funny – not everything curdles and a two-month-old orange can be just as sweet. When we did, it was usually too late. Sometimes it wasn't. We finished what we had started anyway.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Rosenfeld runs the metropolitan staff, the Post's largest, like a football coach. He prods his players, letting them know that he has promised the front office results, pleading, yelling, cajoling, pacing, working his facial expressions for instant effects - anger, satisfaction, concern.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night|Later she remembered all the hours of the afternoon as happy -- one of those uneventful times that seem at the moment only a link between past and future pleasure, but turn out to have been the pleasure itself.
Karen Clark, Singing in Silence: 2017's Summer Blockbuster|Just like the forces of Good and Evil, on the levels so much distant from man, logic and reason clash with each other. In that merciless, multi-millennial and primal battle, none of them stepped away for an inch. In a craddle, like no man's land, we, the young human beings, find ourselves gazing upon the "toys that glitter". I wanted to believe.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Let go of all your worries, embrace hope.
Stephen King, The Mist|I wish I was your favorite girl, I wish you thought I was the reason you are in the world, I wish I was your favorite smile, I wish the way I dressed was your favorite kind of style
Evelyn Glennie|For there to be communication within a couple, it is enough for there to be only one person who communicates or who really wants to communicate. Even though a couple consists of two people, if one of the people in a couple puts all their effort into moving a couple along they will move along.
Eileen Cook, The Education of Hailey Kendrick|I believe that nothing happens by chance. Deep down, things have their secret plan, even though we don't understand it.
Queen Latifah, Put on Your Crown: Life-Changing Moments on the Path to Queendom|You almost have to step outside yourself and look at you as if you were someone else you really care about and really want to protect. Would you let someone take advantage of that person? Would you let someone use that person you really care about? Or would you speak up for them? If it was someone else you care about, you'd say something. I know you would. Okay, now put yourself back in that body. That person is you. Stand up and tell 'em, "Enough!
Nathan Filer|We cannot institutionalize helping the "victims" of personal disasters.
John Taskinsoy|When you become confident of what you deserve , dont allow yourself to settle for less. The power lies in YOU because no one else can be YOU." DREAM , WORK AND ACHIEVE !!!
Amit Kalantri|Like an energy even an opportunity cannot be destroyed, if you don't accept, it goes to someone else.
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|I’m sorry that I don’t like your tattoos.”I walked away. I walked back to him. “I mean that I don’t like tattoos, not just your tattoos. I like your skin, though.”I walked away.
Jean Cocteau|How often have I lain beneath rain on a strange roof, thinking of home.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Christmas without a murder plot is like a day without giant spiders eaten orphans" (quote on my special gift holiday mugs)
Harshit Walia|Communication land lines are going to be around for a long time, the internet runs on them, as do the wireless cell phone towers.
Jestoni Revealed|Do we always do the things that God would take pleasure, or that we do things we think God would take pleasure.
Nelson Mandela|What's the bravest thing you ever did?He spat in the road a bloody phlegm. Getting up this morning, he said.
Carlos Castañeda, Journey to Ixtlan|In a world where death is the hunter, my friend, there is no time for regrets or doubts. There is only time for decisions.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|That's a man's vital spot, the helpless thing he loves. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Ron Chernow|Washington once advised his adopted grandson that where there is no occasion for expressing an opinion, it is best to be silent. For there is nothing more certain than that it is at all times more easy to make enemies than friends.
Amanda Hocking|Our specious present as such is very short. We do, however, experience passing events; part of the process of the passage of events is directly there in our experience, including some of the past and some of the future.
Ella Fitzgerald|Here is the soundless cypress on the lawn:It listens, listens. Taller trees beyondListen. The moon at the unruffled pondStares. And you sing, you sing.That star-enchanted song falls through the airFrom lawn to lawn down terraces of sound,Darts in white arrows on the shadowed ground;And all the night you sing.My dreams are flowers to which you are a beeAs all night long I listen, and my brainReceives your song, then loses it againIn moonlight on the lawn.Now is your voice a marble high and white,Then like a mist on fields of paradise,Now is a raging fire, then is like ice,Then breaks, and it is dawn.
Charles Yu|He was always saying he deserved better. Better than this, anyway. I would nod and agree with him, but I never told him what I wanted to tell him, which was, hey, Deepak, when you say that you deserve better, even if I agree with you, you are kind of also implying that I don’t deserve better, which, maybe I don’t, maybe this is about where I belong in the grand scheme of things, in terms of high-end low-end for me as a person, but I wish you wouldn’t say it because whenever you do, it makes me feel a sharp bit of sadness and then, for the rest of the day, a kind of low-grade crumminess.
Tahir Shah, Travels With Myself|For me, a journey to Damascus is an amazing hunt from beginning to end, a slice through layers of history in search of treasure.
Frantz Fanon, Black Skin, White Masks|Mislike me not for my complexion,The shadowed livery of the burnished sun,To whom I am a neighbor and near bred.Bring me the fairest creature northward born,Where Phoebus' fire scarce thaws the icicles,And let us make incision for your loveTo prove whose blood is reddest, his or mine.
D.C. Grace, The Sacred Oath: Book One of The Guardians Series|I laughed to myself as I headed for Finley's car. She had no idea what kind of harrassment she was in for, and I was going to enjoy every minute of it. Secretly, she would, too. I knew it. I could smell it on her, kind of like how a dog smells fear. But I'm better than any dog. I had a full half hour to tease and torture her, and I was gonna take full advantage of it. And if I played my cards right, she'd be putty in my hands. She just didn't know it yet." - Jake
Barack Obama|When you're getting ready to launch into space, you're sitting on a big explosion waiting to happen.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Forget the past. Look ahead, full of opportunities.
Alison G. Bailey|Death is Perfection's reflection. One cannot be the other, but without one, the other suffers.
-Farshad Asl “No Excuses Mindset”|Why books...audiobooks... stories are created?...Films and Games!?- The answer, is very simple it 's in the name of patience.
John Wilmot, The Complete Poems|For Hell and the foul fiend that rulesGod's everlasting fiery jails(Devised by rogues, dreaded by fools),With his grim, grisly dog that keeps the door,Are senseless stories, idle tales,Dreams, whimseys, and no more.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I believe that the only way that the human race is gonna survive is to start colonizing space and setting up colonies on the moon, and then space stations.
Sameh Elsayed|True leadership can only be achieved when one looks within oneself and commits to authenticity. It gives us the courage to stand at the front and influence others to willingly follow; it gives us the courage to learn, inspire, demand the best and shape the future.
Muriel Spark, The Comforters|It was a gusty day, and from the windows of Caroline's top-floor flat, only the sky was visible with its little hurrying clouds. It was a day when being indoors was meaningful, wasting an afternoon in superior confidences with a friend before the two-barred electric heater.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|Here, in Lorrain's poisoned little jewel of a tale (“The Man Who Made Wax Heads”) the consummate achievement of decadent art is caught in miniature. The genius of the artist entangles perpetrators and victims in a sticky web of perverse delights, in which exploitation becomes collusion, the ripples of guilt spread outward, and the real criminal slips away. In the end, responsibility is lodged firmly with the consumer, forced – he must confess – by his own perverse desires, to buy into the values of this particularly black market.
Henry B. Eyring|If you are on the right path, it will always be uphill.
D. B. Sweeney|I'm not into superhero movies, but I love cartoons. Tweety bird is my favourite.
Dennis Waitely|I maybe on the floor, depress, disappointed, but am not yet down, i still have to fight. Its not about my condition but its about my position.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|She was wrapped in my jacket, almost swallowed by it. You never realize how small a woman is until she wears your clothes.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|We tend to teach mathematics as a long list of rules.You learn them in order and you have to obey them, because if you don't obey them you get a C-.This is not mathematics. Mathematics is the study if things that come out a certain way because there is no other way they could possibly be.
Mary Oliver|It's very important to write things down instantly, or you can lose the way you were thinking out a line. I have a rule that if I wake up at 3 in the morning and think of something, I write it down. I can't wait until morning -- it'll be 
Kinley MacGregor, Master of Seduction|Just remember: when your nerd talks to someone about "man tar", it has nothing to do with the stickiness on your sheets.
John Zakour, The Doomsday Brunette|As a matter of fact, Ona spent more credits on the window shades alone than you will make in your entire lifetime and that’s if you live to be 185.”“And that’s meant to make me feel better?” I said.“No, that is meant to inform you. I am your computer not your nanny.
Michael W. Fox|He finally understood...the thing that the people during the Paleolitic Age, freaking 20,000 to 8,000 B.C., were after when they came up with mythologies to do with flight—a desire for the magic of the sky, for something bigger than their feet treading the earth.
Gloria Steinem|I like to help women help themselves, as that is, in my opinion, the best way to settle the woman question. Whatever we can do and do well we have a right to, and I don't think any one will deny us.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|As for Doing-good,that is one of the professions which are full. Moreover, I have tried itfairly, and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agreewith my constitution. Probably I should not consciously and deliberatelyforsake my particular calling to do the good which society demands ofme, to save the universe from annihilation; and I believe that a likebut infinitely greater steadfastness elsewhere is all that now preservesit.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|cuando se es joven hay que ser un cero a la izquierda, pues no existe nada más perjudicial que destacar pronto, prematuramente, en cualquier cosa.
Randall Munroe|Telescopes and bathyscapes and sonar probes of Scottish lakes, Tacoma Narrows bridge collapse explained with abstract phase-space maps, some x-ray slides, a music score, Minard's Napoleonic war: the most exciting new frontier is charting what's already here.
Ludwig von Mises, Interventionism: An Economic Analysis|Managers receiving hundreds of thousands a year—and setting their compensation for themselves—are not being paid wages, they are appropriating surplus value in the guise of wages. 
Henry David Thoreau|The sail, the play of its pulse so like our own lives: so thin and yet so full of life, so noiseless when it labors hardest, so noisy and impatient when least effective.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With a strong spirit, you will survive any situation.
John F. Kennedy, A Nation of Immigrants|This (San Francisco) is the most beautiful city in America, Probably because it looks nothing like America
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|I told you from the beginning—as soon as I could—I told you I was afraid of myself." There was a piteous pleading in the low murmur in which Deronda turned his ear only. Her face afflicted him too much. "I felt a hatred in me that was always working like an evil spirit—contriving things. Everything I could do to free myself came into my mind; and it got worse—all things got worse. That is why I asked you to come to me in town. I thought then I would tell you the worst about myself. I tried. But I could not tell everything.
Plato, Ion|Because Of You, My Heart Exploded Into Stars
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|You make a good point,' Fletcher conceded. 'See, there's a reason why you're the girl and I'm the boy. You think about things while I...''Don't?''Exactly,' he said happily.
Sunday Adelaja|God’s secrets are always revealed to us, the children of God
Shemar Moore|Poverty is relative, and the lack of food and of the necessities of life is not necessarily a hardship. Spiritual and social ostracism, the invasion of your privacy, are what constitute the pain of poverty.
David Brinkley, Everyone Is Entitled to My Opinion|Because the man who stood there before us was not our father. He was somebody else, a stranger who had been sent back in our father's place. That's not him, we said to our mother, That's not him, but our mother no longer seemed to hear us..."Did you...she said. "Every day," he replied. Then he got down on his knees and he took us into his arms...
Kathryn Stockett|When I was a little kid, I wanted to be, like, you know, a movie star, you know? Or, I always have interest in movie, you know? Because I like the visual aspect of the movies, et cetera.
Ludwig von Mises, Omnipotent Government|Current public diplomacy and foreign policy making reduces the role of American citizens to mere spectators. The USIA's model of democracy and the free market is promoted as the superpower version of economic globalization, packaged and ready for shipping to clients throughout the world. In this version, foreign capital flows freely while the movement of people, particularly the world's poor, is strictly controlled. Such a commercial package speaks first and foremost for government 'partners,' the Fortune 500 corporations, which are the primary beneficiaries as well as the bankrollers of the American political process. This is a packaged story of America that is incomplete and undemocratic. Where do workers and communities fit into the story? How do private citizens play a part in building dialogue across cultures?
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Although pride and obsession can feel like love, I guess.
Mitt Romney|Leadership is not about the next election, it's about the next generation.
Charles Spurgeon|Terrorism is a significant threat to peace and security, prosperity and people.
Tahar Rahim|I watched Gene Kelly for his smile, for his energy. Vittorio Gassman for his movement. Clark Gable for his mustache. And I watched Lassie who was happy as a dog.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|An abundance of pictorial fancy, after all, furnished the simple mind quite as much matter for deviating from pure doctrine as any personal interpretation of Holy Scripture.
James Cameron|If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
J. Kenner, Release Me|Possess. Have. Hold. Enjoy. Control. Dominate. Pick your verb, Ms. Fairchild. I intend to explore so very many of them.
Pete Earley|I feel pretty good. My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine.
Michael Ben Zehabe, A Commentary on Jonah|Just as ceremonial fasting was a legitimate means for getting God's attention (Mt 6:16-18; Ac 13:2-3; 14:23), the casting of lots was a legitimate means for inviting God to intercede on a matter. (Pr 18:18) It was not expected that God should intervene every time (1Sam 28:6), but the ceremonial casting of lots was an invitation for God to participate in the final decision. (page 21)
Leonardo da Vinci|In India we only read about death, sickness, terrorism, crime.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|As we drove, I imagined we were standing still and the world was coming toward us.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|since men are equal and thus have the same wish for happiness, and since there is not enough wealth to satisfy them all to the same extent, they necessarily fight against each other and want power to secure the future enjoyment of what they have at present.
Tia Mowry|Of those beings who live in ignorance, shut up and confined, as it were, in an egg, I have first broken the eggshell of ignorance and alone in the universe obtained the most exalted, universal Buddhahood.
Theodore Roosevelt|When you play, play hard; when you work, don't play at all.
Stefan Zweig, Letter from an Unknown Woman and Other Stories|But you smiled at me and said consolingly, "People come back again.""Yes" I said, "they come back, but then they have forgotten".There must have been something odd, something passionate in the way I said that to you. For you rose to your feet as well and looked at me, affectionately and very surprised. You took me by the shoulders. "What's good is not forgotten; I will not forget you," you said, and as you did so you gazed intently at me as if to memorise my image.
John Gilbert Winant|We must always remember that it is the things of the spirit that in the end prevail. That caring counts. That where there is no vision, people perish. That hope and faith count, and that without charity there can be nothing good. That by daring to live dangerously, we are learning to live generously. And that by believing in the inherent goodness of man, we may ... 'stride forward into the unknown with growing confidence.
Charles Darwin|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|They had done nothing but wait, and had become poetical. How easy to the smallest building; how impossible to most men.
Christopher Hitchens, The Trial of Henry Kissinger|It took me a moment. I blinked, and suddenly it swam into focus and I had to frown very hard to keep myself from giggling out loud like the schoolgirl Deb had accused me of being. Because he had arranged the arms and legs in letters, and the letters spelled out a single small word: BOO. The three torsos were carefully arranged below the BOO in a quarter-circle, making a cute little Halloween smile. What a scamp.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|Contemporaries of Alexander Hamilton noticed "his conspicuous sense of self-possession, his unique combination of serenity and energy.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|We all are wearing many hundred glasses of different colors. Therefore, everyone sees the world in different views. Somehow, if we could remove those glasses, we can see the world with real colors. Name of the most difficult to remove glass is ‘there are permanent things of mine.
Marisha Pessl, Special Topics in Calamity Physics|Post-adolescent Expert SyndromeThe tendency of young people around the age of eighteen, males especially, to become altruistic experts on everything, a state of mind required by nature to ensure warriors who are willing to die with pleasure on the battlefield. Also the reason why religions recruit kamikaze pilots and suicide bombers almost exclusively from the 18-21 range. "Kyle, I never would have guessed that when you were up in your bedroom playing World of Warcraft all through your teens, you were, in fact, becoming an expert on the films of Jean-Luc Godard.
The Dharmapada|Have a good day on purpose, then elevate your efforts towards other and enjoy a great day in purpose.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|I despise the cowardly clinging to life, purely for the sake of life, that seems so deeply ingrained in the American temperament.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Sorrow prepares you for joy. It violently sweeps everything out of your house, so that new joy can find space to enter. It shakes the yellow leaves from the bough of your heart, so that fresh, green leaves can grow in their place. It pulls up the rotten roots, so that new roots hidden beneath have room to grow. Whatever sorrow shakes from your heart, far better things will take their place.
Joseph Story|If the highest things are unknowable, then the highest capacity or virtue of man cannot be theoretical wisdom.
Rachel  Harris, A Tale of Two Centuries|I am not without fear, but courage is taking action despite the fear. Knowing what you want, what you are meant to do, and proceeding despite any knots in your stomach or rocks stuck in your throat. It is walking boldly into the unknown with your chin held high... even if it quivers.
Victoria Denault, Game On|Jess is too big for her skin, as if she might float away in the exhilarating possibility of the moment.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|The magi, as you know, were wise men--wonderfully wise men--who brought gifts to the Babe in the manger. They invented the art of giving Christmas presents. Being wise, their gifts were no doubt wise ones, possibly bearing the privilege of exchange in case of duplication. And here I have lamely related to you the uneventful chronicle of two foolish children in a flat who most unwisely sacrificed for each other the greatest treasures of their house. But in a last word to the wise of these days let it be said that of all who give gifts these two were the wisest. O all who give and receive gifts, such as they are wisest. Everywhere they are wisest. They are the magi.
Brian Friel, Translations|A man's power to connect his thought with its proper symbol, and so to utter it, depends on the simplicity of his character, that is, upon his love of truth, and his desire to communicate it without loss.
George Chakiris|No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible!
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|In the coming days and weeks, Laila would scramble frantically to commit it all to memory, what happened next. Like an art lover running out of a burning museum, she would grab whatever she could--a look, a whisper, a moan--to salvage from perishing to preserve. But time is the most unforgiving of fires, and she couldn't, in the end, save it all.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|In every different house, the same things are spoken, the same lies are said, the same dreams are dreamed!
Dr. Who|Nine hundred years of time and space, and I've never met anyone who wasn't important.
Debasish Mridha|This morning I woke up, how blessed I am Eyes to see, a voice to speak Words to read and love to feel? If this isn't something to be thankful for, I'm not sure what is.
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|I purposely used a pretty cocky, abrasive writing style in Sex and Crime, to stir up some drama. My confrontational style quickly became the talk of the scene. Some of the things I wrote were so inflammatory, people had to vent about it on online forums. So suddenly everyone in the scene was talking about Sex and Crime, just as I had hoped. I enjoyed playing the role of agitator, and people from competing hacking crews didn't even realize that the more they bitched about the things I wrote, the more credibility and notoriety they were adding to my scene mag. Thanks to all the positive as well as negative feedback I was getting, the things I wrote actually mattered. Suddenly I was the most important opinion maker in the scene.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Loyalty is the key to our survival. Without it, we are just like them.
Michio Kaku|Civilization depends on our expanding ability to produce food efficiently, which has markedly accelerated thanks to science and technology.
Ken Grimwood, Replay|You see, there's some blues for folks ain't never had a thing, and that's a sad blues ... but the saddest kind of blues is for them that's had everything they ever wanted and has lost it, and knows it won't come back no more. Ain't no sufferin' in this world worse than that; and that's the blue we call 'I Had It But It's All Gone Now.
Julia Quinn, Minx|Eventually you can't help but figure out that, while gender is a construct, so is a traffic light, and if you ignore either of them, you get hit by cars. Which, also, are constructs.
Ray Bourhis, Revolt: The Secession of Mill Valley|Even within perfection, there are flaws. These flaws carry an unattainable beauty, which is indifferent to the human nature.
Mary Quant|With this film, 'Need For Speed,' with this, we had a blank canvas to work with. What we had to do was have fast cars, and that's it.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad's Cashflow Quadrant: Rich Dad's Guide to Financial Freedom|Trust that you have everything you need right now to be successful financially. All it takes to bring out your natural, God-given gifts is your desire, determination, and a deep faith that you have a genius and a gift that is unique.
Veronica Mist, The Seven - The Key of Credence|Perfect Liberty follows no rules, law, or any virtue for that matter. It disregards respect, courteousness, and love.
Munia Khan|I stared up in disbelief at the information my eyes fed my brain, and lost myself to the stars.For the first time in my life I had a greater idea of how infinitesimally small our planet really is and, furthermore, how tiny and insignificant I am in the grand scheme of the vast universe.I took a seat on a rock next to Lily and took in the moment to comprehend the vastness of everything else, and the incredible smallness of I.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|I mean only that I hope they find darkness or paradise without fear of it, if they can.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Though loss did not pass from one person to another liker a baton; it just formed a bigger and bigger pool of carriers. And, she thought, scratching the coarseness of the horse's mane, it did not leave once lodged, did it, simply changed form and asked repeatedly for attention and care, as each year revealed a new knot to cry out and consider - smaller, sure, but never gone.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|I've nothing against eye make-up and lipstick. But the fact is we're actually living on a planet in space. For me that's an extraordinary thought. It's mind-boggling just to think about the existence of space at all. But there are girls who can't see the universe for eye-liner. And there are probably boys whose eyes are never raised above the horizon because of football. There can be quite a chasm between a small make-up mirror and a proper mirror telescope! I think it's what they call a 'matter of perspective'. Perhaps it could also be called an 'eye-opener' as well. It's never too late to experience an eye-opener. But many people live their entire lives without realizing that they're floating through empty space.There's too much going on down here. It's hard enough thinking about your looks.We belong on this earth. I'm not trying to dispute it. We're part of nature's life on this planet. Monkeys and reptiles have shown us how we breed, and I have no quarrel with that. In different natural surroundings everything might have been very different, but here we are. And I repeat: I'm not denying it. I just don't think that prevent us from trying to see a little beyond the ends of our noses.
C.J. Redwine, Defiance|That's not what he meant," Rachel says again, pink flushing her cheeks."Actually, I meant-" I start to say, but Willow cuts me off."What? It's true. He looks at you like he'd like to dip you in sugar and eat you up.
Jessica Fortunato, Steam|Do…you…have…a…hard…time…finding…Steve’s dick?” she enunciated, enjoying Mary’s extreme discomfort. “He’s big as a fuckin’ house so I imagine it might be a bit of a problem.” The New Jersey accent that was still there after more than fifteen years in the south, resurfaced in her aggravation.
David  Brooks|The victims of PTSD often feel morally tainted by their experiences, unable to recover confidence in their own goodness, trapped in a sort of spiritual solitary confinement, looking back at the rest of the world from beyond the barrier of what happened. They find themselves unable to communicate their condition to those who remained at home, resenting civilians for their blind innocence.The Moral Injury, New York Times. Feb 17, 2015
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions; go over, under, through, and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss. Or they won’t. Who cares? Do your thing, and don’t care if they like it.
Nathan Reese Maher|That’s a stupid name! Whirly-gig is much better, I think. Who in their rightmind would point at this thing and say, ‘I’m going to fly in my Model-A1’.People would much rather say, ‘Get in my whirly-gig’. And that’s what youshould name it.
Fidel Castro|I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.
Pippa DaCosta|I should have known he’d be trouble as soon as he walked into my workshop, but I couldn’t have known he’d be the death of me.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|You don’t have a home until you leave it and then, when you have left it, you never can go back.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Therefore, just as water retains no constant shape, so in warfare there are no constant conditions.
Newton Sutradhar|Life is like the flappy bird game. There's no pause nor another chance to live after dying and there could be endless obstacles. After all, it is just a matter of patience and perseverance to get a higher score.
Christie Cote, Rain|Uh, got into a fight with the kitchen or something?” he asked, smirking. I ran my hands through my hair and felt remains of the fruit as I did and cringed. Well, this must be attractive. I motioned for him to come into the living room and shut the door behind him.“Something like that,” I replied coolly. He walked past me and went to the kitchen, probably to get a better look. “Well, I see you won. The fruit won’t be going anywhere anytime soon. Maybe the apples. Those look like they need some more killing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|All geniuses are peculiarly inclined to solitude, to which they are driven as much by their difference from others as the inner wealth with which they are quipped, since among humans, among diamonds, only the uncommonly great are suited as solitaires: the ordinary ones must be set in clusters to produce any effect.
Ryōkan|Too lazy to be ambitious,I let the world take care of itself.Ten days' worth of rice in my bag;a bundle of twigs by the fireplace.Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment?Listening to the night rain on my roof,I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wealth is a small blessing, health is a great asset, happiness is an extraordinary treasure, and life is a remarkable reward.
Wyndham Lewis, Doom Of Youth|People in America, they're getting dumber, they're getting less able to analyze something and think critically, and pick apart the underlying elements. And more and more ready to make a snap judgment regarding something at face value, which is too bad.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fear is a lethal killer of dreams, the greatest cancer that has beset passion, and a ruthless thief of lives stolen and buried in the decay of lives squandered. Yet the greatest tragedy of all is that the fear that destroys us is rarely the monster it pretends to be, nor does it possess anything close to the power that we grant it. Therefore, it is only a killer, a cancer and a thief because we empower it to be so.
Charles M. Blow|The March on Washington affirmed our values as a people: equality and opportunity for all. Forty-one years ago, during a time of segregation, these were an ideal.
Bonnie Marcus, The Politics of Promotion: How High-Achieving Women Get Ahead and Stay Ahead|Every life is precious, has value, a purpose, and is significant. Each life adds value to this world and to the lives of others. That value is immeasurable.
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|...Fastow had found someone trusting and pliable.Fastow wanted a pupet, Bowen concluded, and he already controlled Ben Glisan's strings.p.338
Warsan Shire|With you, intimacy colours my voice.even ‘hello’ sounds like ‘come here'.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|An error of the passions is not the flowering of a great love, and merely the beauty of the human form is not capable of inspiring an eternity of mad attachment.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Being here? With you? I've met my subconscious, and he's not that sick.
Frances Mayes, Bella Tuscany|Breathe, Amelia."I do... I breathe, but you take my breath away.
N.T. Wright, The Last Word: Beyond the Bible Wars to a New Understanding of the Authority of Scripture|The "word" did not "offer itself" in a take-it-or-leave-it fashion, any more than Caesar's heralds would have said, "If you'd like a new kind of imperial experience, you might like to try giving allegiance to the new emperor.
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|You know what I regret the most?” Trinity says, her voice just above a whisper.	I don’t answer. All I can think about is how crappy it is that my fourteen-year-old sister already has regrets.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|For the wages of sin is Death, but the gift of God is everlasting Life in Christ Jesus or LORD.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|To have all those noble Romans alive before me, and walking in and out for my entertainment, instead of being the stern taskmasters they had been at school, was a most novel and delightful effect.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|It's the last frontier to conquer, other people, strangers, the jungle of their arms and legs, hair and skin, the smells and moans that is everybody you haven't done. The great unknowns. The last forest to devastate. Here's everything you've only imagined.
Sir James Darling|If there is to be any hope for the world, indeed if you really want to find satisfaction and happiness in your life, you must regard the return you will receive as a secondary consideration, if a consideration at all ……seek money first and you will ruin your land, or betray your profession…
M.Zuber Bhoja|you catch your goal is not declare your success, But you catch your goal after your behavior with people is declare your success.
Guillermo del Toro, The Strain|Gregory writes of Armageddon as if the Devil is getting off on using him literally to write that iniquitous beast into existence, into the flesh. I believe both Gregory and Jamie Stillingsworth are being used as vessels to bring about the end of days.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Until you take the first step forward, failure remains reassuringly impossible.
Diane Ackerman, The Zookeeper's Wife|For if I do something, I never do it thoughtlessly.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|There comes a moment when the image of our life parts company with the life itself, stands free, and, little by little, begins to rule us. Already in The Joke: “I came to realize that there was no power capable of changing the image of my person lodged somewhere in the supreme court of human destinies; that this image (even though it bore no resemblance to me) was much more real than my actual self; that I was its shadow and not it mine; that I had no right to accuse it of bearing no resemblance to me, but rather that it was I who was guilty of the nonresemblance; and that the nonresemblance was my cross, which I could not unload on anyone else, which was mine alone to bear.”And in The Book of Laughter and Forgetting: “Destiny has no intention of lifting a finger for Mirek (for his happiness, his security, his good spirits, his health), whereas Mirek is ready to do everything for his destiny (for its grandeur, its clarity, its beauty, its style, its intelligible meaning). He felt responsible for his destiny, but his destiny did not feel responsible for him.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I knew you'd kiss me.""How?" I say. Because I didn't know myself. "Because I am in pain," He say's. "That's the only way I get your attention.
Kelly Moran, Tracking You|The stars were extra bright tonight, and they shone and glimmered as if each one had something it wanted to say.
Arthur Conan Doyle|The larger crimes are apt to be the simpler, for the bigger the crime, the more obvious, as a rule, is the motive.
Michael Dobbs|He talked about the future with such certainty, he might have been talking about the past.
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|I can’t get enough of you,” he said against her neck. “When I walk away from you I feel like I’ve cut myself off from breathing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you serve two masters, either of them may punish you for serving the other.
Peter Watts, Starfish|Living in a place like this, she must have learned how to see all the monsters that can hide a person.
Belleutiful|The train brings out some of the best and the worst memories of my life. I like to watch the train. It makes me sad, but gives hope as well. It connects me to my family, which I abandoned many years ago. I fled away from my family and home by a train only.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Journals of Kierkegaard|I understand, all right. The hopeless dream of being - not seeming, but being. At every waking moment, alert. The gulf between what you are with others and what you are alone. The vertigo and the constant hunger to be exposed, to be seen through, perhaps even wiped out. Every inflection and every gesture a lie, every smile a grimace. Suicide? No, too vulgar. But you can refuse to move, refuse to talk, so that you don’t have to lie. You can shut yourself in. Then you needn’t play any parts or make wrong gestures. Or so you thought. But reality is diabolical. Your hiding place isn’t watertight. Life trickles in from the outside, and you’re forced to react. No one asks if it is true or false, if you’re genuine or just a sham. Such things matter only in the theatre, and hardly there either. I understand why you don’t speak, why you don’t move, why you’ve created a part for yourself out of apathy. I understand. I admire. You should go on with this part until it is played out, until it loses interest for you. Then you can leave it, just as you’ve left your other parts one by one.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|There is such a tremendous need for spiritual guidance for those who are facing death, as a patient or with a loved one. Emotions and grief flood everyone involved. There are so many unknown factors. Many times doctors can predict what may happen physically, but no one can truthfully answer the big questions for us, questions like, What is dying like? Will it hurt? What is going to happen to me after I die? Is God going to be there waiting for me? Is God going to be angry at how I lived my life? These questions and fears clearly need to be addressed spiritually and not brushed aside.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|When you love people, you want what's best for them, and sometimes what's best for them isn't you.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The world of romance and business works on this principle - You may be rejected several times, but not everyone will reject you.
Naomi Judd|Wellness is not a 'medical fix' but a way of living - a lifestyle sensitive and responsive to all the dimensions of body, mind, and spirit, an approach to life we each design to achieve our highest potential for well-being now and forever.
Leigh Hershkovich|A story unwritten is without beginning or end. But in its potential lies another story; and in the heartbeat before pen meets page, both stories exist at once, reflecting endless permutations of the other, before one of them disappears forever.
Arthur Miller|When the law is wrong it's because it's unnatural, but in this case it is natural and a river will drown you if you buck it now
Janna Cachola|Starting something can be easy, it is finishing it that is the highest hurdle.
Chris Noth|I was starting to become impotent through this diet and couldn't perform. How many people who are taking the little blue pill, if they started to change what they are eating most of the time, could change the way their sex life is?
Alexa Von Tobel|We tried not to age, but time had its rage.
Lara Adrian, Midnight Awakening|Look upon me, Mistress. Watch as I wither!
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|[A Letter to the Culture that Raised Me] I'm not here to be on display. And my body is not for public consumption. I will not be reduced to an object, or a pair of legs to sell shoes. I'm a soul, a mind, a servant of God. My worth is defined by the beauty of my soul, my heart, my moral character. So I won't worship your beauty standards, and I don't submit to your fashion sense. My submission is to something higher.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As long as Satan is loose in the world and our hearts are dominated by his evil passions, it will never be easy or popular to be a follower of Christ.
Donnie Kanter Winokur|Who you are is enough for me. I look at you and all I see, is the champion I knew you would be.
Apolo Ohno|My story is really an affirmation of my strength and my luck. To live with a great artist like Ted Hughes or Mick Jagger is a very, very destructive role for a woman trying to be herself. In fact, it can't be done.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I denounce because though implicated and partially responsible, I have been hurt to the point of abysmal pain, hurt to the point of invisibility. And I defend because in spite of all I find that I love. In order to get some of it down I have to love... too much of your life will be lost, its meaning lost, unless you approach it as much through love as through hate.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|I'm not about love, but in this moment, I wish that I were.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|I’m a monster,” said the shadow of the Marquess suddenly. “Everyone says so.” The Minotaur glanced up at her. “So are we all, dear,” said the Minotaur kindly. “The thing to decide is what kind of monster to be. The kind who builds towns or the kind who breaks them.
Toni Sorenson|If I could bottle the benefits of a healthy lifestyle in a pill, it would become a blockbuster drug.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|The sadness ― the general sadness that squats and pees inside my brain ― isn't over. It never will be. I know how best to chase it away, though. It usually works. Sometimes it doesn't. But I pray and say, fuck it, then. I choose this. It chooses me. I choose it back.
Lindsey Ouimet, What's a Soulmate?|While not as common as they used to be, entire groups of people with what seems like an infinite amount of time on their hands to be angry about something that doesn't even affect them in the slightest, still exist.
Penelope Farmer, Charlotte Sometimes|And, she thought uncomfortably, what would happen if people did not recognize you? Would you know who you were yourself? If tomorrow they started to call her Vanessa or Janet or Elizabeth, would she know how to be, how to feel like, Charlotte? Were you some particular person only because people recognized you as that?
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Now where do all of those thoughts and feelings go that you send out? Well look all around you, and look upwards, too. The ether around you carries all of your thoughtwaves in all directions! Ping, ping, ping, ping … there they go!!!!
Robert E. Lee|All species capable of grasping this fact manage better in the struggle for existence than those which rely upon their own strength alone: the wolf, which hunts in a pack, has a greater chance of survival than the lion, which hunts alone.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Seeing the smile and happiness on your parents faces,that is the glorious moment of success.
Mark Mills, Waiting for Doggo|Here! Turn left, I know a short cut through Barons Court."We spend the next twenty minutes mired in roadworks in Barons Court with a bunch of other people who know Edie's short cut.
Suratman Markasan, Penghulu|In the city, human beings celebrated and enjoyed material conditions and comforts, but were caught in the labyrinths and knots of spiritual shallowness and psychological confusion. In the city human beings wrestled with the demands of survival and profit but fled from life’s imperatives of honesty and moderation. In the city man was afraid to confront his own face.
Maximus Freeman|Everything that is truly of value–love, family, peace, health, and contentment—can never be bought.
Jessi Kirby, Moonglass|[I]t wasn't history that was too fragile, but me.
Anne Bishop, Etched in Bone|Human beings love, despite their compulsions to limit it and exploit it chaotically. Their love persuades them to make vows, build houses and turn their passion ultimately to duty.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|LOOK AT HIM! Mum, LOOK! OUR NEW DOG! ISN’T HE A BEAUTY?”“Another DOG!” came Maia’s amazed voice.
Liesbeth Heenk, The 1-Hour Van Gogh Book: Complete Van Gogh Biography for Beginners|I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a a note on it saying, toys not included.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Then I defy you, stars!
Matshona Dhliwayo|When perplexed, God appears to you in the form of wisdom; when troubled, in the form of peace; when sad, in the form of joy; when heartbroken, in the form of love.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|Artemis looked at Holly and felt a tremendous affection for her... he could properly appreciate how fierce and beautiful his best friend was...She is truly magical, thought Artemis. Perhaps her qualities are more obvious to me now that I have decided to sacrifice myself.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Laugh now, cry later.
Daniel Willey|Too often, we put up with mediocrity, telling ourselves that later in life we’ll do what we want.
Lynn Johnston|I didn't want to be the best at anything; I just wanted to blend in. And that was kind of my existence throughout my family experiences at home of just kind of blending in in the background through my other siblings, which was easy to do.
Anthony Horowitz, Russian Roulette: The Story of an Assassin|Looking back now, I would say that this was one of the first valuable lessons I learned, and one that would be useful in my future line of work. Sometimes things go wrong. It is inevitable. But it is a mistake to waste time and energy worrying about events that you cannot influence. Once they have happened, let them go.
Leigh Hunt|After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said  "No bablo ingles."
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|In the 21st century, it can't be about who we might make, and what they might do, anymore. It has to be about who we are and what we're going to do.
Akshay Vasu|I have a face where half is mine and half is not, it is hard to see a difference when you stand in front of me under the light as both my eyes shines equally. But the day you step into the darkness I hold inside me you will see my face the way it is and it will end up changing your whole world related to me forever.
Sam Worthington|All of the stuff I can't afford to do on a TV budget, I just put into the comic book because you're really only limited in a comic by your artist's imagination.
Matthew FitzSimmons, The Short Drop|Hope is a cancer. One of two things happens. Either you never learn the truth, in which case it gnaws down to the bone until there's nothing left, or worse, you do, and you go through that windshield at ninety because hope told you it was okay to make the drive without a seat belt.
G.R. Gopinath|Courage is the counterpoint of fear. Courage appears when in war or business, one is indeed scared.
Rosa Parks|I learned to put my trust in God and to see Him as my strength. Long ago I set my mind to be a free person and not to give in to fear. I always felt that it was my right to defend myself if I could. I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear." - Rosa Parks
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|The seeker after stillness should be told that the stillness is always there. Indeed it is in every man. But he has to learn, first, to let it in and, second, how to do so. The first beginning of this is to remember. The second is to recognize the inward pull. For the rest, the stillness itself will guide and lead him to itself.
Matt Groening|All around us were people I had spent ten years avoiding--shapeless women in wool bathing suits, dull-eyed men with hairless legs and self-conscious laughs, all Americans, all fearsomely alike. These people should be kept at home, I thought; lock them in the basement of some goddamn Elks Club and keep them pacified with erotic movies; if they want a vacation, show them a foreign art film; and if they still aren't satisfied, send them into the wilderness and run them with vicious dogs.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|I suggest to you, late or not late, the moment you have discovered that the mission of someone is to pee on your dreams, keep him away or keep away from him.
Michael J. Kannengieser|I was going to buy a book on hair loss, but the pages kept falling out.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|The human in what it is objectively ever since its beginning is two, two who are different. Each part of what constitutes the unity of the human species corresponds to a proper being and a proper Being, to an identity of one's own. In order to carry out the destiny of humanity, the man-human and the woman-human each have to fulfill what they are and at the same time realize the unity that they constitute.
David Horsey|In Kenya, I met wonderful girls; girls who wanted to help their communities. I was with them in their school, listening to their dreams. They still have hope. They want to be doctor and teachers and engineers.
Jane Austen|Treat those who are good with goodness, and also treat those who are not good with goodness. Thus goodness is attained. Be honest to those who are honest, and be also honest to those who are not honest. Thus honesty is attained.
James Salter|Writers really don't retire, you know. They have to be taken out and shot.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, The Gentlemen's Club|Why do we go to all this trouble' Parker asked. 'Men don't notice anyway.''Because what we wear affects how we feel, how we act, how we move. And that they do notice. Especially the move. Get dressed, smoke the eyes. You'll know you look good so you'll feel good. You'll have a better time.
Paul  Johnson, A History of the American People|I looked at his face, unsure of how many more of his smiles I'd have.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Gloating is a superficial glowing, floating is an idle flowing, and bloatedness is the paralysis of blowing up; because silent movement results in loud victories.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|I don't just look at the thing itself or at the reality itself; I look around the edges for those little askew moments-kind of like what makes up our lives-those slightly awkward, lovely moments.
Claire Ray, Snow in Love|Know, therefore, that from the greater silence I shall return..... Forget not that I shall come back to you....A little while, a moment of rest upon the wind, and anohter woman shall bear me.
Bill Bryson|Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another.
Colton Haynes|Over a 10-year period, 99 out of 100 new entrepreneurs will fail. Only one will be left standing as others get pushed out of the market or burn out from working so hard. It's really sad.
G.K. Chesterton|There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|The older you get, the faster time passes in your mind, so use your time according to what is most important.
Cesare Beccaria, On Crimes and Punishments and Other Writings|Underneath all notions of justice is a set of faith assumptions that are essentially religious, and these are often not acknowledged.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|When once a certain class of people has been placed by the temporal and spiritual authorities outside the ranks of those whose life has value, then nothing comes more naturally to men than murder.—SIMONE WEIL
Tabi Card, Spinner|Magic isn’t something that can be explained: it simply is. It takes while it gives. So” – the spinner steps closer, his outstretched hand demanding – “I have given you magic, and now it must be paid.
Oliver Stone|I was the only swimmer in movies. Tarzan was long gone, and he couldn't have done them anyway; he could never have gotten into my bathing suit.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|She said, 'It is filled with all the words for how I want you.
Louis Agassiz|How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! How great is the sum of them!If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand.
Hermann Hesse|There was something behind the softness that intertwined our fingers together—love? It felt different from two days ago. All I could think about was his smooth hand, wrapped in mine. It was more than affection—but I wasn’t sure how much more, or if that would ever change.
Tite Kubo|Live well, Ichigo. Live well, age well, go bald well, and die after me. And... if you can, die smiling.(Isshin Kurosaki)
Fred Hammond|'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
2Shaddy|The eyes of such a nation (living godly) shall view a land that stretches afar. Talking about global influence, authority, dignity and respect.
Hockson Floin|When you do it, you are not another dreamer
John Donne, Meditation XVII - Meditation 17|Any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bells tolls; it tolls for thee.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Your body and my body are both totally made up of and dependent upon the elements of the earth—the water, the air, the heat, the land, the soil and the food it produces—as well as all of the elements that these elements are dependent upon—the sun, the stars, the galaxies, and a vast field of energy and space to contain them in. Nature is our extended body, and the elements outside of our skin are just as important to our health as the elements within our skin. Our bodies are connected to the universe as a whole, and consequently to each other and the many ways in which we influence our shared environment.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|People sometimes sneer at those who run every day, claiming they'll go to any length to live longer. But don't think that's the reason most people run. Most runners run not because they want to live longer, but because they want to live life to the fullest. If you're going to while away the years, it's far better to live them with clear goals and fully alive then in a fog, and I believe running helps you to do that. Exerting yourself to the fullest within your individual limits: that's the essence of running, and a metaphor for life — and for me, for writing as whole. I believe many runners would agree
Gisele Bundchen|I have great childhood memories cow-tipping, going off and getting lost in the bog for hours, and coming home covered in dirt.
Brandon Sanderson, Steelheart|If the Good Lord had intended us to crawl, he'd have given us a hundred legs and an exosqueleton.
Jacob Nordby|One person can make a difference, and every person should try.
Thomas Hardy|The world is as it used to be:“All nations striving strong to makeRed war yet redder. Mad as hattersThey do no more for Christés sakeThan you who are helpless in such matters.“That this is not the judgment-hourFor some of them’s a blessed thing,For if it were they’d have to scourHell’s floor for so much threatening....“Ha, ha. It will be warmer whenI blow the trumpet (if indeedI ever do; for you are men,And rest eternal sorely need).
Robert Aickman, The Wine-Dark Sea|No milk. It is black coffee, pure but strong, that fortifies against the powers of darkness with which the world is filled.
Peter Wohlleben|Trees live in symbiosis with hyphae (fungus/mold roots). A tea spoon of dirt contains kilometers of these roots. One species can spread throughout entire forests over centuries. They exchange nutrients with trees, along with information about insects, drought and other dangers. It's like a 'wood wide web'.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is really the Mars One project? It is to carry Frank Sinatra to the Mars, it is to carry Hamlet to the Mars, Gandhi to the Mars, Buddha to the Mars. It is a project of carrying our memories, our knowledge, our history, our everything to the Mars! It is not only a project of saving our future but also a project of saving our whole past!
St. Francis de Sales|The everlasting God has in His wisdom foreseen from eternity the cross that He now presents to you as a gift from His inmost heart. This cross He now sends you He has considered with His all-knowing eyes, understood with His divine mind, tested with His wise justice, warmed with loving arms and weighed with His own hands to see that it be not one inch too large and not one ounce too heavy for you. He has blessed it with His holy Name, anointed it with His consolation, taken one last glance at you and your courage, and then sent it to you from heaven, a special greeting from God to you, an alms of the all-merciful love of God.
Michael Mano|I ask myself every day am I an Adult?What is an Adult? To me an Adult is someone who can see the world for what it really is.And instead of giving up and trying to escape reality at every moment they can, they choose to continue on and use what is around them to help them succeed.
Sunday Adelaja|So, each of us has a special gift and it takes time to discover it
Raphael Zernoff, I Am|Romantic relationship is meant to be romantic, which means loving. If it is not any more you may ask yourself why you are still together.
James Cameron|Could he actually be a decent guy?Hard to imagine.He was pretty to look at, though, she thought. Boys weren't objectified nearly enough, and turnabout is always fair play.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Sister of the Angels|A man who truly knows himself realizes his own worthlessness, and takes no pleasure in the praises of men.
Chinese Proverb|Keep a green tree alive in your heart, and a songbird may come to sing there.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|She held up her calloused, grimy fingers. Leo couldn't help thinking there was nothing hotter than a girl who didn't mind getting her hands dirty. But of course, that was just a general comment. Didn't apply to Calypso. Obviously.
Michael Chabon, Moonglow|I said that I had heard curiosity could be harmful, in particular to cats
Frank Gehry|When you as a designer design something that burdens a community with maintenance and old world technology, basically failed developed world technology, then you will crush that community way beyond bad design; you'll destroy the economics of that community, and often the community socially is broken.
Megan Duke, Without Me|We both knew the place we were at and what that meant. We both felt the regret and the loss. We both knew that without me, none of it would have been possible. Without me, everything would be different. Without me, we wouldn't have been there... lying in that bed in the first place.
Catullus, Selections From Catullus: Translated into English verse with an Introduction on the theory of Translation|To whom shall I offer this book, young and sprightly,Neat, polished, wide-margined, and finished politely?To you, my Cornelius, whose learning pedantic,Has dared to set forth in three volumes giganticThe history of ages—ye gods, what a labor!—And still to enjoy the small wit of a neighbor.A man who can be light and learned at once, sir,By life's subtle logic is far from a dunce, sir.So take my small book—if it meet with your favor.The passing of years cannot dull its sweet savor.
Orison Swett Marden|In America, our differences matter, but our country matters more. That's the attitude I wanted to take to the Senate.
E. M. Forster|I considered our British comrades to rank with the finest men and women of any armed service in the world. And I know that my fellow American soldiers - and those of the other coalition countries under my command - valued very highly the professional expertise, capability, courage, and determination of our British partners on the battlefield.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|Though everyone may yearn for a tranquil death, the basic instinct to stay alive is a far more powerful force
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|It's over.""I am not the only lord in Hell. Others will rise to take my place. The Morningstar will crave revenge.""Let them come.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Everybody is a story. When I was a child, people sat around kitchen tables and told their stories. We don't do that so much anymore. Sitting around the table telling stories is not just a way of passing time. It is the way the wisdom gets passed along. The stuff that helps us to live a life worth remembering.
David Leonhardt|A young, beautiful mayor’s with high-powered plans for the city of Compton must put them aside to become a sleuth to solve the assassination of her husband, the mayor.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.
Joseph Campbell, Myths to Live By|A river of images and thoughts and feelings, dirtied and polluted so that no one could drink from it without gagging.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|To think critically, it is first maturing and distancing a bit from self, no matter what level one lives on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs.
F.T. McKinstry, The Hunter's Rede|Lorth spoke a word and came into focus, though he had learned from experience that his features, the ghost-pale skin of a Northman with the gold-green eyes of a wolf, were almost as unnerving to a Tarthian as the shadowy form of a cloaking spell.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|I tell you, my dear, Narcissus was no egoist… he was merely another of us who, in our unshatterable isolation, recognized, on seeing his reflection, the one beautiful comrade, the only inseparable love… poor Narcissus, possibly the only human who was ever honest on this point.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Good Citizens: Creating Enlightened Society|*Breathing in, I know this is my in-breath.Breathing out, I know this is my out-breath.*It's very simple, but very effective. When we bring our attention to our in-breath and our out-breath, we stop thinking of the past; we stop thinking of the future; and we begin to come home to ourselves...Don't think this practice doesn't apply to you. If we don't go home to ourselves, we can't be at our best and serve the world in the best way... Our quality of being is the foundation for the quality of our actions.*Breathing in, I'm aware of my whole body.Breathing out, I'm aware of my whole body.*Breathing mindfully brings us back to our bodies. We have to acknowledge our bodies first because tension and suffering accumulate in the body. Breathing in this way, we create a kind of family reunion between mind and body. The mind becomes an embodied mind....We can't do our best if we don't know to release the tension and pain in ourselves. *Breathing in, I'm aware of the tension in my body.Breathing out, I'm aware of the tension in my body.*When we look at the suffering around us, at poverty, violence, or climate change, we may want to solve these things immediately. We want to do something. But to do something effectively and ethically, we need to be our best selves in order to be able to handle the suffering...*Breathing in, I am aware of a painful feeling arising.Breathing out, I release the painful feeling.*This is a nonviolent and gentle way to help our bodies release tension and pain. It is possible to practice mindful breathing in order to produce a feeling of joy, a feeling of happiness. When we are well-nourished and know how to create joy, then we are strong enough to handle the deep pain within ourselves and the world.
Mary Karr|Bad things are gonna' happen to you, because they happen to us all. And worrying won't stave the really bad things off. Don't make the mistake of comparing your twisted-up insides to other people's blow-dried outsides. Even the most privileged person in this stadium suffers the torments of the damned just going about the business of being human.
Andreï Makine, The Crime of Olga Arbyelina|Men can be pitiless towards a woman whose body has eluded them, particularly if this is thanks to their own cowardice.
Dada Bhagwan|If we clash with anyone, then it is our own weakness only.
Tamara  Hill, Mental Health In A Failed American System: What Every Parent, Family, & Caregiver Should Know|When I was a little girl everyone made fun of me and calling me awful names.Also saying i'm ugly and now i'm starting to believe it,because I can't seem to find a man that wants me so I go around the internet with a friends spreading false dating rumors on them being with me.
John Ruskin|As any doctor can tell you, the most crucial step toward healing is having the right diagnosis. If the disease is precisely identified, a good resolution is far more likely. Conversely, a bad diagnosis usually means a bad outcome, no matter how skilled the physician.
P. J. O'Rourke|The common thread for everything I do is this idea of a Web-services architecture. What does that mean? It means taking components of software and systems and having them be self-describing, so that you can aim them, ask them what their capabilities are, and communicate with them using a standard protocol.
Megan McCafferty, Perfect Fifths|It was a sad loss, this illusion of importance, a humbling blow.
Michael Franti|You can bomb the world to pieces, but you can't bomb it into peace. Power to the peaceful.
Anurag Anand, The Quest For Nothing|The mighty trojans fell, and so did i.A wooden horse you were not, yet in a pool of my own blood i lie.Dawn follows every dusk, and all that rises - fall it must.So, my blood shall find its way and trickle down your eyes.The day your deeds of today, eventually make you cry.
Madonna Ciccone|I definitely move to the beat of my own drummer and man, he's not playing something anyone has heard before. It's pretty cool, though. Pretty cool.
Andrew Krivak, The Sojourn|Like the body, courage, too, is a thing weakened, especially when we are young and invincible. We can't give one the rest it needs and expect the other to protect us. Don't anger Nature with talk of wishing she had chosen differently. See to your own nature.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Morgoth's Ring|Indeed if fish had fish-lore and Wise-fish, it is probable that the business of anglers would be very little hindered.
Janet Evanovich, High Five|You gonna take the case?"It's not a case. It's a missing person. Sort of."You're gonna have a devil of a time finding him if it was aliens," Grandma said.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The Serpent, to my interpretation, was pain.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|After all, tomorrow is another day!
Nicholas Sparks|Yes... it wasn't over, it still isn't over.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|When you are happy, so happy you have no sense of needing Him, so happy that you are tempted to feel His claims upon you as an interruption, if you remember yourself and turn to Him with gratitude and praise, you will be — or so it feels— welcomed with open arms. But go to Him when your need is desperate, when all other help is vain, and what do you find? A door slammed in your face, and a sound of bolting and double bolting on the inside. After that, silence.
Stieg Larsson|It seemed hardly feasible that anyone could tune an oil barrel, and even less credible that the barrel could make music like nothing else in the world. She thought those sounds were magic.
Lazarus Takawira|We are not just the leaders of tomorrow. Leadership is not a destination, leadership is a lifetime journey
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|...there is no real advance in human reason, for what we gain in one direction we lose in another; for all minds start from the same point, and as the time spent in learning what others have thought is so much time lost in learning to think for ourselves, we have more acquired knowledge and less vigor of mind. Our minds like our arms are accustomed to use tools for everything, and to do nothing for themselves.
Tori Spelling, sTORI Telling|When a marriage fails, the story of the relationship changes. The best parts, the parts that made you think getting married was a good idea, fade from memory.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|In all societies, women are in double jeopardy; on the one hand we are expected to conform to certain emotional standards in our relationships with others at the penalty of being declared insane; on the other, our political perceptions are labeled "irrational" and "hysterical.
Robert Jordan, The Wheel of Time: Boxed Set|The Creator made women to please the eye, and to boggle the mind.
August Derleth|Children accept many things adults will not accept, since the world of a child is a constant revelation without any need for knowledge of cause and effect. ("Miss Esperson")
Cassandra Giovanni, Walking in the Shadows|Zach kissed her forehead. "I'm not going to let anything like that happen to you again. You're going to live out your days as the cosseted and cherished wife of a chief deputy U.S. Marshal.
Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight|Dorian's scar itched. It did that when he was agitated, or angry, or experiencing anything one might call emotion. Or when rain was on the horizon, but he didn't think that was entirely relevant to why it was itching now.
Sherry Turkle, Reclaiming Conversation: The Power of Talk in a Digital Age|Make a plan & Use the time when you're thinking about "what to do when your bored
Roger Tory Peterson|The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago... had they happened to be within the reach of predatory human hands.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|Gannon came from loud, passionate Italian stock that wasn’t afraid to smash a plate to make a statement. Paige, on the other hand, systematically choked down any temper and, with frosty efficiency, made him dance like a fucking puppet.
Laura Lee Guhrke, Scandal of the Year|I'm a woman. We mature faster than men, remember?
Nicholas Day, Baby Meets World: Suck, Smile, Touch, Toddle|When we see everyone the way God sees them, all their frailties and weaknesses as well as their strengths,we can learn to treat them tenderly. We must also view ourselves from God's perspective: lovingly, tenderly, and patiently. We can do the same with our spouses and other children or family members.
William Shakespeare|BOYETA mark! O, mark but that mark! A mark, says my lady!Let the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may be.MARIAWide o' the bow hand! i' faith, your hand is out.COSTARDIndeed, a' must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout.BOYETAn if my hand be out, then belike your hand is in.COSTARDThen will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin.MARIACome, come, you talk greasily; your lips grow foul.COSTARDShe's too hard for you at pricks, sir: challenge her to bowl.BOYETI fear too much rubbing. Good night, my good owl.Exeunt BOYET and MARIA
Kim McMillen, When I Loved Myself Enough|When I loved myself enough, I would sometimes wake in the night to music playing within me.
Stacey Kade|I couldn't loose somebody else like that, without even the chance to say good-bye. Not again. Not her.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Danglars was one of those men born with a pen behind the ear, and an inkstand in place of a heart. Everything with him was multiplication or subtraction. The life of a man was to him of far less value than a numeral, especially when, by taking it away, he could increase the sum total of his own desires. He went to bed at his usual hour, and slept in peace.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist| You Got to know when to hold em' , Know when to fold em' , know when to walk away, know when to run. 
Helen Fielding, Mad About the Boy|I'm sorry. I can't serve him that item," the waitress said, only somewhat surprising her since she had a pretty good idea why."Why not?" she found herself asking anyway out of curiosity to see if she was right.*** "Because he's a Bradford," the woman explained with a shrug.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|If there was any magic in this world that was not magic, it was wine.
Ani DiFranco, Ani Difranco: The Complete Lyrics|Float beyond the world of trees. Out into the whispering breeze, past the rushes, past the weeds, past the marsh's waving reeds.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|This world disappoints you, does it not?” Quinn asked. “Your crusade was intended to create something exceptional, exquisite even. But you have become lost amongst your own desires, my friend. What you are doing no longer falls under the rubric of surgery… you work in darker hues. Kelly must be the last. Any more and the East End of London will explode. We already have Lusk and his Vigilante Committee roaming the streets, accosting every fletcher, leather apron and anyone trading with a knife. Warren is poised to retire, people are afraid. What you have accomplished cannot be understated. We have large plans for this city and our vision of social reform has been led by you… you should be proud. But the increased enthusiasm for your work threatens to undermine those plans. You are upsetting the status quo, for want of a better word.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|But the trouble is, I do want to be surprised. I want to choose. I broke the heart of my fate so that I could choose. I never chose; I only saw a little girl who looked like me standing on a gear at the end of the world and laughing, and that's not choosing, not really. Wouldn't you rather I chose you? Wouldn't you rather I picked our future out of all the others anyone could have?
Teresa Mummert|You can't love someone just by looking at them. That is lust. Not saying love can't come fast, but it doesn't come first.
M.A. George, Relativity|Ah yes…” He made an exaggerated nod. “I was supposed to be filling you in on Nangí’s story.” He winked at me playfully, as I kept up my glare. “Now, where should I begin?”“Tell you what, let me get you started,” I came back. “Once upon a time, there was this über-creepy old man—who looks like he lives in a haunted shack and eats small children for breakfast—and I decided to make him my new best friend becaaauuse… Okay, your turn.
Elizabeth Cooke, Land Law|[M]an is not an island, he is more like a spaghetti junction.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|They do horrible, unchildish things because they they have had very horrible, unchildish lives.
William Scranton|I woke up this morning, and I still don't believe I won the Daytona 500.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|A warm feeling fell over the boy. A mix of security and comfort, as if a blanket were wrapping its soft layers around his heart and nuzzling him snuggly. Gavin loved his mother, and he would be forever grateful to his father for protecting her. The whole mystery behind it made him itch with curiosity, however.
Eraldo Banovac|Superficial people consider themselves capable of doing everything. The question, however, is who is willing to hire them?
Roberto Bolaño, Between Parentheses: Essays, Articles, and Speeches, 1998-2003|Probably all of us, writers and readers alike, set out into exile, or at least into a certain kind of exile, when we leave childhood behind...The immigrant, the nomad, the traveler, the sleepwalker all exist, but not the exile, since every writer becomes an exile simply by venturing into literature, and every reader becomes an exile simply by opening a book.
Jim Carroll, Forced Entries- The Downtown Diaries: 1971-1973|Poetry can unleash a terrible fear. I suppose it is the fear of possibilities, too many possibilities, each with its own endless set of variations. It's like looking too closely and too long into a mirror; soon your features distort, then erupt. You look too closely into your poems, or listen too closely to them as they arrive in whispers, and the features inside you - call it heart, call it mind, call it soul - accelerate out of control. They distort and they erupt, and it is one strange pain. You realize, then, that you can't attempt breaking down too many barriers in too short a time, because there are as many horrors waiting to get in at you as there are parts of yourself pushing to break out, and with the same, or more, fevered determination.
Mya Robarts, The V Girl|Love is neither a sadist nor a masochist, but a woman seeking the approval of her lover.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Only in youth does coincidence seem the same as fate. Later, we know that the real course of our lives is decided within us; our paths may seem to diverge from our wishes in a confused and pointless way, but in the end the way always leads us to our invisible destination.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The Colonel led all the cheers.Cornbread!" he screamed.CHICKEN!" the crowd responded.Rice!"PEAS!"And then, all together: "WE GOT HIGHER SATs."Hip Hip Hip Hooray!" the Colonel cried.YOU'LL BE WORKIN' FOR US SOMEDAY!
Valentina Cano|I miss you with the very edge of my skin.It winces in absence, a giant muscle contracting.
John M Sheehan|Put your interest in the future, because you're going to spend the rest of your life there and make sure in this future you will be found in the loving arms of Christ
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|And you would know so much about women, locked up in your castle.""Locked up with eight wives. And sometimes I make house calls for my bargainers. There's many a lovely woman desperate enough to bargain with me." This idea had never occurred to me before. "You touch another woman and I'll cut your hands off," I snapped.He looked delighted. "I thought you were afraid of hurting me.
James E. Faust|A minister of Jesus Christ should not be regardless of his attitude. If he is the representative of Jesus Christ, his deportment, his attitude, his gestures, should be of that character which will not strike the beholder with disgust.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine
George Lakoff|It opens the mind toward an understanding of humannature and destiny. It increases wisdom. It is the veryessence of that much misinterpreted concept, a liberaleducation. It is the foremost approach to humanism,the lore of the specifically human concerns that distinguishman from other living beings. . . . Personal cultureis more than mere familiarity with the presentstate of science, technology, and civic affairs. It ismore than acquaintance with books and paintings andthe experience of travel and of visits to museums. It isthe assimilation of the ideas that roused mankind fromthe inert routine of a merely animal existence to a lifeof reasoning and speculating. It is the individual’seffort to humanize himself by partaking in the traditionof all the best that earlier generations havebequeathed.
Naomi Klein|[O]urs is a culture of the perpetual present, one that deliberately severs itself from the past that created us as well as the future we are shaping with our actions.
Kristina Adams, What Happens in New York|The intelligent person, viewing the great number of so-called diseases that arise out of this prostration of the functions of life, and realising that they have one and all grown out of the habitual violations of the laws of life, will recognise at once that the first step in the restoration of health needs must be to make amends at once by the unconditional return to the simplicity and perfect obedience to the laws that have been so perseveringly violated.
Zulfikar Ali Bhutto|We(Pakistan) will eat grass, even go hungry, but we will get one of our own (Atom bomb).... We have no other choice!
Jack Iams, The French Touch|It is up to the individual to 'choose' their repertoire of the self. If they do not have access to the range of narratives and discourses for the production of the ethical self they may be held responsible for choosing badly, an irresponsible production of themselves
Adrian Grenier|Although believers by nature, are far from God, and children of wrath, even as others, yet it is amazing to think how nigh they are brought to him again by the blood of Jesus Christ.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|The unfolding over time of a great idea is like the growth of a fractal crystal, allowing details and refinements to multiply endlessly — but only in ever-increasing scale.
Bart Hopkins, Like|Instead of finishing the sentence she slid a business card across the counter. It listed her contact information for every social media site I'd heard of, and several that were still in beta. Except for Google Plus. Even Internet-addicted fairies have standards.
Guy Harduf|Positive thinking is great, if you'll take action.
David Sikhosana, Time Value of Money: Timing Income|Customers, Employees and Others in that Order will determine the Success of your Company
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Since the beginning of time, the ignorant have always screamed the loudest...They celebrated their intolerance as proof of their convictions. Now after all these years, mankind had finally managed to utterly erode everything that had once been so beautiful about Jesus.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|Life can’t be divided into chapters...only minutes. The events of your life are all crammed together one minute right after the other without any time lapses or blank pages or chapter breaks because no matter what happens life just keeps going and moving forward and words keep flowing and truths keep spewing whether you like it or not and life never lets you pause and just catch your fucking breath.I need one of those chapter breaks. I just want to catch my breath, but I have no idea how.
Lorraine Heath, In Bed with the Devil|I am a person. I am not always happy 24 hours a day, 7 days a week; sometimes I feel sad, sometimes I feel angry. Sometimes I see brokenness in the world and I feel like I'm dying inside because I want to fix it! I am a person. I am not continuously grateful for everything and everyone 100% of the time. Because sometimes, I don't feel grateful! Sometimes I feel betrayed, other times I feel deceived. Because I am a person. And I am tired of the schools of thought and the judgmental eyes that offer up their plates of useless opinion when I am not 100% floating up there in false pretenses of perfection. I do not want to be false. I want to be a person. And I want to feel and I want to think, and no, not everything in life is something to be grateful for; and no, not everything in the world is something to be happy about. I am a person. My face can do a lot of things aside from smiling. My face can look peaceful, it can look thoughtful, it can look Divine. I can frown and sometimes my eyebrows are scrunched up in the middle; that's because I'm thinking! I am a person. A person that is so much more than what popular opinion expects is the definition of perfection. But I AM perfect. I am perfect the very way that I am. And I would never want to be only what popular thought would expect of me. I am so much more than that.
Charles Baudelaire|I set out to discover the why of it, and to transform my pleasure into knowledge.
Kathryn Perez, Love and Truth|I know you like to be in control and you operate a lot from fear but you have to break the bounds of your past Nicole and rewrite the story you’ve been telling yourself based off of others experiences. You have to create your own experience, write your own story.
Rachel Thompson|Several researchers demonstrate the ways people fail to label trauma as such or underreport traumatic experiences. In a sample of 1,526 university students, Rausch and Knutson (1991) found that although participants reported receiving punitive treatment similar to that of their siblings, they were more than twice as likely to identify their siblings’ experiences as abusive as they were to label their own in this way. The authors reported that participants were likely to interpret parental treatment toward themselves but not parental treatment toward their siblings as deserved and therefore not abusive. Other studies similarly indicate that those reporting abuse experiences often do not demonstrate a metaconsciousness of having been abused (Goldsmith & Freyd, in press; Koss, 1998; Varia & Abidin, 1999; Weinbach & Curtiss, 1986)." KNOWING AND NOT KNOWING ABOUT TRAUMA: IMPLICATIONS FOR THERAPY (2004)
April Mae Monterrosa|The more you kick and scream, bite, scratch and try to run away, the darker the skies will get. You cannot run away from your pain and you cannot outrun the storm. By embracing your pain and bringing it within to heal, you empower your own growth. Accept what is, what was, and what is yet to come. This is the path to inner peace.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|Early in 1967 Highsmith's agent told her why her books did not sell in paperback in America. It was, said Patricia Schartle Myrer, because they were 'too subtle', combined with the fact that none of her characters were likeable. 'Perhaps it is because I don't like anyone,' Highsmith replied. 'My last books may be about animals'.
Dorianne Laux|Death comes to me again, a girlin a cotton slip, barefoot, giggling.It’s not so terrible she tells me,not like you think, all darknessand silence. There are windchimesand the smell of lemons, some daysit rains, but more often the air is dryand sweet. I sit beneath the staircasebuilt from hair and bone and listento the voices of the living. I like it,she says, shaking the dust from her hair,especially when they fight, and when they sing.
Victoria Aveyard|Matt Smith?" I said. "Really? You are not the Doctor, Bran. At your age, it is important to keep a lookout for excessive hubris.
Prabidh|Did you get rid of that sweater like I asked?""Yes, Mother," Josey said."I wasn't trying to be mean the other day. It just doesn't look good on you.""Yes, Mother," Josey said.The truth was, that sweater, that color, looked good on her daughter. And every time she wore it, it hinted at something that scared Margaret.Josey was growing into her beauty.Margaret watched Josey leave.She used to be a beautiful woman, the most beautiful woman around.She brought out the photo again.But that was forever ago.
Lauren Oliver, Raven|Recently I've been having the fantasy more and more" the one where Tack and I run away, disappear under the wide-open sky into the forest with leaves like green hands, welcoming us. In my fantasy, the more we walk, the cleaner we get, like the woods are rubbing away the past few years, all the blood and the fighting and the scars - sloughing off the bad memories and the false starts, leaving us shiny and new, like dolls just taken out of the package.And in this fantasy, my fantasy life, we find a stone cottage hidden deep in the forest, untouched, fitted with beds and rugs and plates and everything we need to live - like the owners just picked up and walked away, or like the house had been built for us and was just waiting all this time.We fish the stream and hunt the woods in the summer. We grow potatoes and peppers and tomatoes big as pumpkins. In the winter we stay inside by the fire while snow falls around us like a blanket, stilling the world, cocooning it in sleep.
Davan Yahya Khalil, Kurdistan: The Road to Independence|Our reverence for independence takes no account of the reality of what happens in life: sooner or later, independence will become impossible. Serious illness or infirmity will strike. It is as inevitable as sunset. And then a new question arises: If independence is what we live for, what do we do when it can no longer be sustained?
Tahira Amir Khan|The golden door of harvest for the planet, it felt so ready to be opened ...
Thomas Dutton|So this is my cue of where to leave you. Now it's your story to retell and pass on. Because an idea is only relevant if it's being thought upon. So remember, never surrender.'Cause the unrelenting constancy of love and hope will rescue and restore from any scope.
Barack Obama|The big guys who ran things didn't want you thinking or feeling. It slowed down production. They wanted you scared and working so you wouldn't bump up against the truth--life could be fun. Yup, they wanted you scared. They wanted you grim. They wanted you madly cranking out Barbie dolls or Post Toasties or Xerox, or they wanted you overworked and underpaid at teaching so you could at least feel smart, and they wanted you to keep having kids so you'd have to keep working at whatever job you were stuck in and not have time to think or feel or, if you did, you certainly wouldn't have time to do anything about it, or even get close to the big fun, the fun that belonged only to them. And then they wanted your kids to hop on the same treadmill.
Martine Bailey, An Appetite for Violets|That's how it is for us servants. No one pays you much heed; mostly you're invisible as furniture. Yet you overhear a conversation here, and add a little gossip there. A writing desk lies open and you cannot help but read a paper. Then you find something, something you should not have found...
Tony Dovale|Rethink Your Mindset because...The view your brain builds and automatically adopts...of yourself, profoundly affects the way you think, feel and act-moment to moment, and the results you create.
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|I know that a pretty doll, a fair fool, might do well enough for the honeymoon; but when passion cooled, how dreadful to find a lump of wax and wood laid in my bosom, a half-idiot clasped in my arms, and to remember that I had made of this my equal- nay, my idol- to know that I must pass the rest of my dreary life with a creature incapable of understanding what I said, of appreciating what I thought, or of sympathising with what I felt!
Vladimir Kamarisky|You can only die once, to make sure it's worth it.
Anne O'Brien, The King's Concubine: A Novel of Alice Perrers|From my Facebook Page: "You spend the first 50 years acquiring and the second 50 years getting rid of
Shon Hyneman Love And Football How to play on the same team with your spouse|No matter how many losing seasons you might have had in the past with your marriage, the good thing is that all teams get a fresh start once September begins
George R.R. Martin|Life has a whimsical way of kicking you in the throat. I find it tobe one huge cosmic joke at our expense, only nobody is laughingbut the forces that be—given that they are even a wee bit human.
Sacramento4Kids|I have never heard anyone profess indifference to a boat race. Why should you row a boat race? Why endure long months of pain in preparation of a fierce half hour, or even six minutes, that will leave you all but dead? Does anyone ask the question? Is there anyone who would not go through all its costs, and more, for the moment when anguish breaks into triumph - or even for the glory of having nobly lost? Is life less than a boat race? If a man will give all the blood in his body to win the one, will he not spend all the might of his soul to prevail in the other?
Harry Turtledove, Atlantis and Other Places: Stories of Alternate History|The destruction of sight, wherever the injuries be sustained, followsthe same law: all colors are aﬀected in the ﬁrst place,and lose theirsaturation. Then the spectrum is simpliﬁed, being reduced to four andsoon to two colors; ﬁnally a grey monochrome stage is reached,although the pathological color is never identiﬁable with any normalone. Thus in central as in peripheral lesions ‘the loss of nervous substance results not only in a deﬁciency of certain qualities, but in thechange to a less diﬀerentiated and more primitive structure’.
Shannon Hale, The Forgotten Sisters|It is inevitable that I will leave a legacy simply because I cannot walk through life without leaving footprints as I walk. Therefore, I would be wise to consider the path before I make the prints.
Debasish Mridha|To make your life beautiful, impregnate your thoughts with beauty.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|And I wanted Jordan, because if he wanted me back it would mean I wasn't ordinary. A guy like him wouldn't settle for that.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|I went for walks across the fields in my cozy, cotton-knit shirt, my worn out jeans, and my cowboy boots. I would stand at the pasture fence and watch the sun set. One day, pink ripples trailed its red ball; then the next it was a yellow bulb shining against gold-dusted clouds. Though it seemed as if heaven was on the other side of the hill, for some reason, the sunset was sad. At night, I would sit in the rocking chair by the fire with a cup of coffee and a book in my hand, a practice I had grown to love over the years. But what was once refreshing was now depressing. And when I stopped to ask myself what was wrong with me to see the world as so dull, dark, and worn-out looking, I remembered.
Henry David Thoreau|The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|To us, recollection is a holy act; we sanctify the present by remembering the past. To us Jews, the essence of faith is memory. To believe is to remember.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We fought an entire army with a bouquet of flowers back in the '70'sBut now you're taught to remain without will until you run out of energyAfraid that if you strive for an ideal you end up like a KennedyIt's like being on a treadmill every day but never losing any weight'Cause to see success the food before you digest has to changeWe're stressed and high, get depressed and dieBut still afraid to question whyOne of the biggest criminals I ever met wore a suit and tieWhen did we stop believing? When did we stop marching?When did we stop chanting?
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|She needed Andrew Simpson Smith, it was that simple. And he had spent his life training to help people like her. Gods. "Okay, Andrew. But let's leave today. I'm in a hurry.""Of course. Today." He stroked the place where his slight beard was beginning to grow. "These ruins where your friends are waiting? Where are they?"Tally glances up at the sun, still low enough to indicate the eastern horizon. After a moment's calculation, she pointed off to the northwest, back toward the city and beyond that, the Rusty Ruins. "About a week's walk that way." "A week?""That means seven days.""Yes, I know the gods' calendar," he said huffily. "But a whole week?""Yeah. That's not so far, is it?" The hunters had been tireless on their march the night before. He shook his head, an awed expression on his face. "But that is beyond the edge of the world.
Mensah Oteh|If you can manage your thoughts and mind, and choose your battles wisely, you can manage your life.
Herbert M. Brunner|Jefferson's fear was that without such a system of public education, the country would end up being ruled by a privileged elite that would recycle itself through a network of private institutions that entrenched their advantages.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Why do we claim to know Jesus Christ, but deny him in our action?
Andrew Leigh, Ethical Leadership: Creating and Sustaining an Ethical Business Culture|To be an ethical leader is indeed to be different. This kind of leader acknowledges the complexity of running a responsible business, yet tries to do it anyway.
Alden Ehrenreich|Remember, beneath every cynic there lies a romantic, and probably an injured one.
James Riley, Half Upon a Time|Once upon a time, Jack wouldn't have been caught dead in a princess rescue.
Emil M. Cioran|And sure, I know if you eat this way you'll die. So? If you don't eat this way you're still going to die. Why not die happy?
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|Worship and spiritual hunger make you so attractive to God that your circumstances cease to matter anymore. He will move heaven and earth to find a worshiper. When you begin to worship with all your being and desire, your heart turns Him toward you. You capture His attention and attracts His affection.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|That requires as much power as a small radio transmitter--and rather similar skills to operate. For it's the application of the power, not its amount, that matters. How long do you think Hitler's career as a dictator of Germany would have lasted, if wherever he went a voice was talking quietly in his ear? Or if a steady musical note, loud enough to drown all other sounds and to prevent sleep, filled his brain night and day? Nothing brutal, you appreciate. Yet, in the final analysis, just as irresistible as a tritium bomb.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|You don’t annoy me.” Carefully he rebuttoned the placket of her shirt. “I thought you did, at first. But now I realize it was more like the feeling you get when your foot’s been asleep. And when you start moving, the blood coming back into it is uncomfortable . . . but also good. Do you understand what I mean?”“Yes. I make your feet tingle.”A smile came to his lips. “Among other things.
Sandra Day O'Connor|The principle that a central bank, charged with controlling inflation, should be independent from the government is unassailable. It may also be true that it's easier for the central bank to guard its independence from political pressure when it mainly holds government securities.
Kait Ballenger, Midnight Hunter|Can I ask you something?" He placed the chain around her neck.	She nodded.	"Have you ever wanted something really badly that you know you shouldn't have, yet you can't stop yourself from wanting it?
George Gamow|If and when all the laws governing physical phenomena are finally discovered, and all the empirical constants occurring in these laws are finally expressed through the four independent basic constants, we will be able to say that physical science has reached its end, that no excitement is left in further explorations, and that all that remains to a physicist is either tedious work on minor details or the self-educational study and adoration of the magnificence of the completed system. At that stage physical science will enter from the epoch of Columbus and Magellan into the epoch of the National Geographic Magazine!
Chan Siok Fong, Traditional Chinese Qigong for Health|The U.S. has a so-called health care system that has nothing to do with the promotion of health. Those who run this system do not care about your health, and it's far from being a system. It's a fragmented patchwork of procedure-oriented services that are meshed in a voluminous trail of paper payments, with little relevance to community-based needs. This misdirected, disease-managed non-care system of symptom suppression demands more and more treatment at higher and higher costs. If they cared at all, you'd be treated like a human, not like a number resembling, quite frankly, the ear tags on a cattle herd.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Individuals are told to reduce our "carbon footprint," and we should. But how many years of riding a bike to work would it take me to offset one F-15 flying for an hour?
Brian S. Ference, The Wolf of Dorian Gray: A Werewolf Spawned by the Evil of Man|She appeared to be near seventeen years of age, but looked like a vision from the Greek tragedies. With plaited coils of dark luscious hair, lips like the petals of a rose, and large, deep eyes that contained all the delight of her passion. She was the loveliest girl I have ever seen in all my life. Then she spoke. I have never heard such a voice before. It seemed she was instantly Juliet. From deep tones to flute-like music like the lark, she spoke and sang her parts with an excitement that stirred the whole audience. She concluded to thunderous applause and I could barely contain my own appreciation.
Sara Teasdale|Maybe that’s why I get frustrated sometimes, because there’s no one to blame for how our lives have turned out. I wouldn’t change any of the things I’ve done, but at the same time I wish things were different than they are. I have no regrets, but there’s also no satisfaction in where I am.
Graham Greene, Travels With My Aunt|On a busy day twenty-two thousand people come to visit Santa, and I was told that it is an elf's lot to remain merry in the face of torment and adversity. I promised to keep that in mind.
Ann D. Clark, Women & Recovery: Sex, Sobriety & Stepping Up: Practical Suggestions for Quality Living in Recovery|If you don't know where you are going, you will surely arrive there.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|We are only flesh and blood. We are only chemicals mixing and circuits firing, sometimes in disarray. We are, every last one of us, plagued by useless want.
Martha Beck|If social stability goes pear-shaped, you have a choice between anarchy and dictatorship. Most people will opt for more security, even if they have to give up some personal freedom.
Guy Mankowski, An Honest Deceit|no doubt that evil is more contagious than good, therefore, it's more powerful.
Julie B. Beck|If you want to love a parent you have to understand the incredible investment he or she has in you. If you are a parent, and you want to be loved, you have to deserve it.
Harrish Sairaman|You need not sit on the mountains to meditate, you can do it while having a cup of tea. If you are only focusing on tea and enjoying, you are in a state of bliss!
Santosh Kalwar|On the radio, turned low, Reba sang of hard times with the full authority of a cross-eyed redheaded millionaire.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I poke at my skull with a finger. It didn't feel soft or anything. I didn't feel insane. But if you'd really lost it, would you have enough left to know? Crazy people never thought they were crazy. "I've always talked to things," I said. "And to myself." "Good point," myself agreed with me. "Unless that means you've been nuts all along." "I don't need wiseass remarks," I told myself severely. "There's work to do. So shut up.
Sumit Agarwal, The Four Patriots|Forcing someone into drug addiction is like stabbing a corpse everyday, the most detestable crime.
Alice McDermott|The language of the Catholic Church - the liturgy, the prayer, the gospels - was in many ways my first poetry.
S.Remolina|The particles that are the very building blocks of all things, are in all possible locations until observation/measurement causes them to choose a specific position.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|That chain of relationships made me think of how connections are made--you read a book, you meet a person, you have a single experience, and your life is changed in some way. No act, therefore, however small, should be dismissed or ignored.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I am so Thankful in the knowledge… If I want to learn something I can study it. However, If I want to have something etched in my Soul, I must Teach it. Always remembering that each of us teaches best that which we, the teacher, most need to learn
Russ Lippitt|...because love is continual interrogation. I don't know of a better definition of love.(in that case my friend Hubl would have pointe out to me, no one loves us more than the police. That's true. Just as every height has its symmetrical depth, so love's interest has ts negative the police's curiosity. We sometimes confuse depth with height, and I can easily imagine lonely people hoping to be taken to the police station from time to time for an interrogation that will enable to talk about themselves.)
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|Ignoring somebody’s mistakes in life from a powerful position makes you a saint, but the same act (whose intentiondoes not matter), if carried out from a weak position, will make you a coward or helpless.
B.R. Crichton, The Rage Within|I am not what I think I am, and I am not what you think I am. I am what I think you think I am.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Best tool to win hearts is "respect".
Martha Beck|The terrorists are fighting freedom with all their cunning and cruelty because freedom is their greatest fear - and they should be afraid, because freedom is on the march.
Sanhita Baruah|There was this constant urge in me to tear my insides apart,I didn't know why. By the time I made my mind that it was impossible for meto do, there alighted the fear, haunting me with the words that rangconstantly in my head, "You're not brave enough".I didn't feel devastated, I felt the urge to be devastated.
Jeff Parker, Willow: Wonderland|If I could understand everything the way I do now, I could make it all--and then it just stopped. Leaving me with that feeling like when you figure out something brilliant and profound in a dream, but you wake up, and all you remember is that you knew this amazing thing, and now it's just out of reach.
Mark Labberton|Although there are things that can be done to enhance corporate worship, there is a profound sense in which excellent worship cannot be attained merely by pursuing excellent worship. In the same way that, according to Jesus, you cannot find yourself until you lose yourself, so also you cannot find excellent corporate worship until you stop trying to find excellent corporate worship and pursue God himself. Despite the protestations, one sometimes wonders if we are beginning to worship worship rather than worship God. As a brother put it to me, it’s a bit like those who begin by admiring the sunset and soon begin to admire themselves admiring the sunset.
Benjamin Carson|Don't let them see how fast you really are; don't let them see the control you have, the ability you have to read them and the situation. Let them think you're out of control. Let them think you are going to be easy. Because they will be anything but, and you need to be ready for the fight of your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we rest, we shall renewal our strength
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Some stories, some visions, demand celluloid film and what it can deliver.
Dina Kucera, Everything I Never Wanted to Be|Everything is, the way it is, for a reason. Or it isn't. Or neither. Or both. It's so hard to tell. It's so hard to tell you're a mile away by the Luke in your eye.
K.D. Harp, What a Tangled Wed|All of us, as human beings, seek to be respected. Even those who do not respect others have a deep seated desire to be respected.
Nikki Rowe|And then this — the moment he calls my name — is the real moment everything changes.He is no longer St. Clair, everyone's pal, everyone's f
Suzanne Somers|But if you pick up every other magazine, it is the peanut butter diet, or the cabbage soup diet, and then you go to the radio and you hear that you can drink some solution and you will lose weight overnight. It just does not work that way!
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Its not the eyes, that makes the visualization of the external world possible, but its the perception out of the awareness field. Your eyes are the same, but you view two person differently.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|My chips are all cashed out. There's nothing to lose. Or maybe I've already lost it and found it, and whatever else there might be to lose...
Hector Carsewell Macpherson, Thomas Carlyle Famous Scots Series|Carlyle's genius was many-sided. He touched and ennobled the national life at all points. He lifted a whole generation of young men out of the stagnating atmosphere of materialism and dead orthodoxy into the region of the ideal. With the Master of Balliol, we believe that 'no English writer has done more to elevate and purify our ideas of life and to make us conscious that the things of the spirit are real, and that in the last resort there is no other reality.
Ray Hunt|First things first, though, I thought, and headed straight for the liquor cabinet. Times like this call for straight scotch, no rocks.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|The final advantage is the same that applies in every other competitive venture. If you would like to write better than everyone else, you have to want to write better than everyone else. You must take an obsessive pride in the smallest details of your craft. And you must be willing to defend what you've written against the various middlemen--editors, agents, and publishers--whose sights may be different from yours, whose standards are not as high. Too many writers are browbeaten into settling for less than their best.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|When I am high I couldn’t worry about money if I tried. So I don’t. The money will come from somewhere; I am entitled; God will provide. Credit cards are disastrous, personal checks worse. Unfortunately, for manics anyway, mania is a natural extension of the economy. What with credit cards and bank accounts there is little beyond reach. So I bought twelve snakebite kits, with a sense of urgency and importance. I bought precious stones, elegant and unnecessary furniture, three watches within an hour of one another (in the Rolex rather than Timex class: champagne tastes bubble to the surface, are the surface, in mania), and totally inappropriate sirenlike clothes. During one spree in London I spent several hundred pounds on books having titles or covers that somehow caught my fancy: books on the natural history of the mole, twenty sundry Penguin books because I thought it could be nice if the penguins could form a colony. Once I think I shoplifted a blouse because I could not wait a minute longer for the woman-with-molasses feet in front of me in line. Or maybe I just thought about shoplifting, I don’t remember, I was totally confused. I imagine I must have spent far more than thirty thousand dollars during my two major manic episodes, and God only knows how much more during my frequent milder manias.But then back on lithium and rotating on the planet at the same pace as everyone else, you find your credit is decimated, your mortification complete: mania is not a luxury one can easily afford. It is devastating to have the illness and aggravating to have to pay for medications, blood tests, and psychotherapy. They, at least, are partially deductible. But money spent while manic doesn’t fit into the Internal Revenue Service concept of medical expense or business loss. So after mania, when most depressed, you’re given excellent reason to be even more so.
Patrick J. Kennedy|I grew up very differently than a lot of other people in my hometown in Mississippi. But I can't imagine my life any other way. I flew home and surprised my best friend at his graduation, and I remember turning to my mom and saying, 'My graduation was so much cooler than this.' I had Melissa Joan Hart give my commencement speech.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|She had maintained her strength in the face of all this for so long that we had come to take it for granted, but she wasn't bulletproof. She might've been peculiar but she was also human,
Carol Ryrie Brink, Caddie Woodlawn's Family|It's not "jalan-jalan" nor "liburan". It's just something we do naturally. Like breathing and eating. It's basically living.
Sara Teasdale, Rivers to the Sea|I shall have peace, as leafy trees are peaceful When rain bends down the bough; And I shall be more silent and cold-hearted Than you are now.
Gordon Ramsay|I am a romantic, and I think dates are wonderful. I like quirky and fun things. Like going for a bike ride or for a pedicure together.
Stephen Harper|I first got sick after I had my daughter, Kimberly, 21 years ago. I'd always been energetic and never had any serious medical problems. Then I got very sick with a high fever. They told me I had mononucleosis. I became pregnant right away with Sean, and after he was born, I never seemed to recover.
Alan Grant|Batman: a force of chaos in my world of perfect order. The dark side of the Soviet dream. Rumored to be a thousand murdered dissidents, they said he was a ghost. A walking dead man. A symbol of rebellion that would never fade as long as the system survived.Anarchy in black.
Jonathan Franzen, How to Be Alone|And did the distress I was feeling derive from some internal sickness of the soul, or was it imposed on me by the sickness of society? That someone besides me had suffered from these ambiguities and had seen light on their far side... that I could find company and consolation and hope in an object pulled almost at random from a bookshelf—felt akin to an instance of religious grace.
Ken Cuccinelli|Being on your own would be sad, sick and weird. I don't trust myself. I need that balance.
Anthony Robbins|In life, you need either inspiration or desperation.
Abraham Hicks|The emotion you feel is always about the vibrational variance between where you want to be and where you are. If you're out of balance, there are only two ways to bring yourself into alignment: Either raise your expectation to match your desire -or lower your desire to match your expectation.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|CHILDREN Are Like ANGELS And On Earth, ANGELS Have No Color.... It's The Society To Blame That Teaches Racism, Turning An ANGLE To A Civilized Beast While They Are Growing Up....
Larissa Ione, Reaver|He has a beauty to him that is not quite angelic, a quality that's both ethereal and dark. (Jonathan)
Compton Gage|What is my strength, that I should hope? Is my strength the strength of stone? Or is my flesh of brass? Is not my help in me.
Jason Day|Temperamentally I'm not a natural producer, because I don't have the patience.
John Fowles, The Magus|You're mine, Angel, and don't you forget it. Your fights are my fights. What if something bad had happened today? It was bad enough when I thought your ghost was haunting me; I don't think I can handle the real thing.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|Seid was the storm and the winds and the sea. I was his light beacon, keeping him away from the rocks. But he thought I had betrayed him.
Adhish Mazumder|I think it happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. And so you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
Doreen Virtue, The Lightworker's Way: Awakening Your Spirtual Power to Know and Heal|God, the Creator of everything, is not a person but a power and presence whose work is based on definite principles which we call ‘Cosmic Laws’ or ‘Natural Laws’ or ‘Universal Laws’.
Matthew Arnold, The Poems of Matthew Arnold 1849 - 1867|Only--but this is rare--When a beloved hand is laid in ours,When, jaded with the rush and glareOf the interminable hours, Our eyes can in another's eyes read clear,When our world-deafen'd earIs by the tones of a loved voice caress'd--A bolt is shot back somewhere in our breast,And a lost pulse of feeling stirs again.The eye sinks inward, and the heart lies plain,And what we mean, we say, and what we would, we know.A man becomes aware of his life's flow,And hears its winding murmur; and he seesThe meadows where it glides, the sun, the breeze.
Auliq Ice|Time is an illusion, timing is an art.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|You can't not help people just because they're stupid or forgetful or unpleasant... If I don't help them, who will?
Comte de Lautréamont, Maldoror and the Complete Works|Rudeness, abruptness, gory tales of blood and thunder, and coarse language usually show up the greenhorn or counterfeit, and certainly the ill-bred. "The bravest are the tenderest; the gentlest are the daring.
Fabrizio Moreira|Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|That which is now called learning, was not learning originally. Learning does not consist, as the schools now make it consist, in the knowledge of languages, but in the knowledge of things to which language gives names.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Come see my mommy, Becky!” Will said and Bree stopped in her tracks. “Oh hell no!” she exclaimed staring at ‘Becky’. Rebecca, the bane of Bree’s existence. The blonde woman smiled mockingly at Bree. “How ya doing?” “What?” Bree asked but the question was directed at her brother and not the skank in front of her. “So how was Paris?” Rebecca asked moving right past Bree to practically press her body against Alessandro. “Seriously, what?” Bree demanded, glaring at Brian. "Hey, Alessandro. Great to see you again." “Stop talking. Stop talking now before I ram your botoxed head through this table!” Bree hissed lunging at her. Brian grabbed her quickly and held her back. “Sorry. Bree’s a little bit touchy about that whole Vegas thing I guess. But hey, looks like it all worked for the best, huh?” Rebecca winked at Alessandro
Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Marjoribanks|He was notorious for cutting short extraneous verbiage from over-loquacious barristers".
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life|When Warren was a little boy fingerprinting nuns and collecting bottle caps, he had no knowledge of what he would someday become. Yet as he rode his bike through Spring Valley, flinging papers day after day, and raced through the halls of The Westchester, pulse pounding, trying to make his deliveries on time, if you had asked him if he wanted to be the richest man on earth—with his whole heart, he would have said, Yes.That passion had led him to study a universe of thousands of stocks. It made him burrow into libraries and basements for records nobody else troubled to get. He sat up nights studying hundreds of thousands of numbers that would glaze anyone else’s eyes. He read every word of several newspapers each morning and sucked down the Wall Street Journal like his morning Pepsi, then Coke. He dropped in on companies, spending hours talking about barrels with the woman who ran an outpost of Greif Bros. Cooperage or auto insurance with Lorimer Davidson. He read magazines like the Progressive Grocer to learn how to stock a meat department. He stuffed the backseat of his car with Moody’s Manuals and ledgers on his honeymoon. He spent months reading old newspapers dating back a century to learn the cycles of business, the history of Wall Street, the history of capitalism, the history of the modern corporation. He followed the world of politics intensely and recognized how it affected business. He analyzed economic statistics until he had a deep understanding of what they signified. Since childhood, he had read every biography he could find of people he admired, looking for the lessons he could learn from their lives. He attached himself to everyone who could help him and coattailed anyone he could find who was smart. He ruled out paying attention to almost anything but business—art, literature, science, travel, architecture—so that he could focus on his passion. He defined a circle of competence to avoid making mistakes. To limit risk he never used any significant amount of debt. He never stopped thinking about business: what made a good business, what made a bad business, how they competed, what made customers loyal to one versus another. He had an unusual way of turning problems around in his head, which gave him insights nobody else had. He developed a network of people who—for the sake of his friendship as well as his sagacity—not only helped him but also stayed out of his way when he wanted them to. In hard times or easy, he never stopped thinking about ways to make money. And all of this energy and intensity became the motor that powered his innate intelligence, temperament, and skills.
Jane Taylor Starwood, Shattered Blue|As a first-generation Ethiopian immigrant, Sheba had lived in Charleston since she turned five years of age. She was Ethiopian by birth, but American by preference. She had worked hard, studied and sacrificed plenty to get where she was today, no easy feat for someone who had just celebrated her twenty-sixth birthday. According to her friends, Sheba was a beauty, though when she looked in the mirror, she saw inevitable flaws; her cheekbones were too pronounced, her mouth a little too wide, her nose with that perturbing slant to it. Still, she accepted compliments gratefully, especially from her roommate, Janelle. Janelle was the true beauty, Sheba thought, with dark ebony skin so smooth that she could be a walking ad for Ghirardelli Dark Chocolate.
Arnold Palmer|We know from chaos theory that even if you had a perfect model of the world, you'd need infinite precision in order to predict future events. With sociopolitical or economic phenomena, we don't have anything like that.
Nicky Verd|When the struggle is over, those that have distance themselves from you will line-up to re-introduce themselves!
Geoffrey Wood|There is a mathematics to all his relationships, underlying each and every one. He wants it to all add up in his head and he wants to do the adding. And should someone step outside his ciphers, the circle his mind has drawn, his trust evaporates.
Gautama Buddha|When we stop distancing ourselves from the pain in the world, our own or others, we create the possibility of a new experience, one that often surprises because of how much joy, connection, or relief it yields. Destruction may continue, but humanity shines through.
Steeven Shaw|Don’t judge people for their success or what they have today, when you don’t know their past.
Elliott Smith|Why would you want any other, when you’re a world within a world?
Candace Knoebel|You’re so eager to jump into something you’ve barely begun to understand. Things don’t just get handed to you. You have to fight. Prove that you are worthy and then maybe the answers will be found." - Mr. Creepy
Justin Timberlake|Twitter is the place where I try to be more funny. And then I use Instagram just as my diary. I pull some jokes on there, but I think people have a better sense of humor on Twitter.
Henry David Thoreau|Lipstick is the most valuable weapon in a woman's make-up kit. It has the power to transform the appearance and mood of the person wearing it, and, at the same time, arouses the admiration of everybody else.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Conscience is the manifestation of our divine nature, the absolute truthfulness that we all have inside, that resides beyond the instinctive desire to survive.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Understand your driving force, whether you're operating out of fear or love. When we operate in fear, we tend to hold back and not get the most from life. When we operate in love, we open new avenues and experience life more abundantly.
Ellen Hopkins, Glass|Our culture has bred consumers and addicts. We eat too much, buy too much, and want too much. We set ourselves on the fruitless mission of filling the gaping hole within us with material things. Blindly, we consume more and more, believing we are hungry for more food, status, or money, yet really we are hungry for connection.
César Vallejo|Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.
Liz Moore, The Unseen World|If a machine can convincingly imitate humanity—can persuade a human being of its kinship—then what makes it inhuman? What, after all, is human thought but a series of electrical impulses?
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|I sort of fell.""Percy! Six hundred and thirty feet?
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|the many absurd notions the Men are led into by custom: Tho' there is none more absurd, than that of the great difference they make between their own sex and ours. Yet it must be own'd that there is not any vulgar error more antient or universal. For the learned and illiterate alike are prepossest with the opinion that Men are really superior to Women, and that the dependence we now are in, is the very state which nature pointed out for us.
Avery Flynn, Bang|I'm always glad to help." His grin was as quick and easy as it was devastating to her panties. "What can I say? I'm a real dick that way.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|The tapestry of my life was a ruin of unravelling threads. The brightest parts were a nonsensical madman's weaving. And now every day was a grey stitch, laid down with an outpatient's patience, one following the next following the next, a story in lines, like a railway track to nowhere, telling absolutely nothing.
Charles de Leusse|Flesh, blood, bone--the body is only a container for who we truly are inside.
Debasish Mridha|War never can bring peace; only understanding, love, kindness and compassion can do that.
Michelle Sagara West, The Broken Crown|Young age can be experience just once, but immaturity never leaves even we grown up??
Ann Benton, If It's Not Too Much Trouble: The Challenge of the Aged Parent|The abundant life begins from within and then moves outward to other individuals. If there is richness and righteousness in us, then we can make a difference in the lives of others, just as key individuals have influenced the lives of each of us for good and made us richer than we otherwise would have been.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|The joyous clamor in my mind drowned out the strange sound outside the car: a humming noise that was gathering speed and growing louder, a roar that was not the waves curling up the beach.
Robin M. Bertram|Joy is a fruit of the Holy Spirit, which is most greatly experienced in the heart of those willing to surrender all self-sufficiency: self-promotion, self-reliance, self-protection, and self-absorption: it is a gift given.
Deborah Ager|Viktor looked at the older man’s nightshirt, robe, and nightcap. His lips quirked into a smile. “The hour is late, and the household sleeps. How is it that you are still awake?”“I knew you would be knocking on the door sooner or later.” Pickles looked down his long nose at him. “You have passed the previous six nights with Her Ladyship.”“You are observant, my good man.”“No, Your Highness, I am the one who locks the door at night.” Pickles reached into his robe’s pocket and produced a key. He passed it to the prince, saying, “After tonight, let yourself into thehouse.”Viktor grinned at the majordomo and lifted the key out of his hand. “Your trust honors me.”“You are unlikely to abscond with the silver,” Pickles drawled.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|I think first of the children. What the hell am I supposed to tell them? Then I think about money, the house, all those things no widow will tell you ever crossed her mind.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, El ingenioso hidalgo Don Quijote de La Mancha|El que lee mucho y anda mucho, ve mucho y sabe mucho.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|And what I thought most about was luxury. I had never realised before that it is more than just having things; it makes the very air feel different. And I felt different, breathing the air: relaxed, lazy, still sad but with the edge taken off the sadness. Perhaps the effect wears off in time, or perhaps you don't notice it if you are born to it, but it does seem to me that the climate of richness must always be a little dulling to the senses. Perhaps it takes the edge off joy as well as off sorrow.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|Plant life is like the canary in the cage. When it starts to die off, we know we have problems. To ignore plant die off would be like the human race committing suicide. Human extinction would surely follow.
John Ruskin|The science of psychology has been far more successful on the negative than on the positive side... It has revealed to us much about man's shortcomings, his illnesses, his sins, but little about his potentialities, his virtues, his achievable aspirations, or his psychological health.
Malak El Halabi|There is something charming and peculiar about a beginning. You feel it, like the change of seasons, from winter to spring, from spring to summer. You feel it; the new blood pumping inside your veins. You feel it; a thousand butterflies fluttering around your fingers to help you fly. You feel it; on your lips, when you smile at the absurdities of life that suddenly make perfect sense.You smile... Because in every beginning, there is a rebirth. Because in every beginning, there is a layer of you that you just discovered. A layer you forgot was buried in you all this time. You smile because you are reminded of the immensity of fate. You smile because suddenly you feel so small and you like it.So let's begin my dear. This life is beautiful.
Mie Hansson|Everything is possible in America, except the production of intelligence.
Harold Bloom|There is no God but God, and his name is William Shakespeare.
Jim Rohn|Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.
Peter Joseph|Our entire system, in an economic sense, is based on restriction. Scarcity and inefficiency are the movers of money; the more there is of any resource the less you can charge for it. The more problems there are, the more opportunities there are to make money.This reality is a social disease, for people can actually gain off the misery of others and the destruction of the environment. Efficiency, abundance and sustainability are enemies of our economic structure, for they are inverse to the mechanics required to perpetuate consumption.This is profoundly critical to understand, for once you put this together you begin to see that the one billion people currently starving on this planet, the endless slums of the poor and all the horrors of a culture due to poverty and pravity are not natural phenomenon due to some natural human order or lack of earthly resources. They are products of the creation, perpetuation and preservation of artificial scarcity and inefficiency.
Susan Marie|The Only God 'up there' is Unity of Everything, in Quintessence. Other fancies, gods and fairies are the nansy-pansies of simpletons, or is just plain-simple nonsense.
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|For what seemed a long time Mat knelt there with his father's dead wrist in his hand, while his mind arrived and arrived and yet arrived at that place and time and that body lying still on the soiled and bloodied stones.
Trisscar|Why is it that, you can only truly love someone if you make out with them or if they are your family? Whatever happened to friendship love? Look. I have never have met anyone on this site. But the love here - that shit is real. I don't care if you're all some random perverted thirty-year old men just wanting to bang some chick. I love you all. You guys gave me the courage to move on in life. You taught me that its okay to cry and feel pity for myself as long as I got back up. And I'll always be greatful to you for that. Look. I don't know what you guys look like, but if its anything like what you're like on the inside - than you are all gorgeous, wonderful, beautiful people and the world just can't handle your awesomeness. Okay? So I just wanted to say thank you. And to anyone who doubts this love, screw you. Because these people saved me when no one else cared to even try. These people are my courage, my legs to stand on, my world. And trust me when I say this. These people are my soul mates. Not 'like my soul mates', no. These people are my soul mates. And this love can't simply be defined in a couple of make out sessions. It goes beyond that. Beyond your imagination. So shut the hell up and don't bother telling me that I can't possible love these people because I never met them. Some feelings reach through the screen, and don't need to have the interaction among one another. Some feelings surpass all. So shut up. I love these people.
Apoorve Dubey, The Flight Of Ambition|Happiness is a state of mind and not a state of possession. Be as you are and you will be happy, if you try to be someone else you will be miserable.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|How it's so easy for her to not feel anything at all, to be just completely gone, to not be around to see how fucked up she's made me. She got to disappear completely and I feel like I'm about to combust.
Lise Deharme|He leant his two elbows on his knees, and his chin on his hands and remained rapt in dumb meditation. On my inquiring the subject of his thoughts, he answered gravely 'I'm trying to settle how I shall pay Hindley back. I don't care how long I wait, if I can only do it at last. I hope he will not die before I do!''For shame, Heathcliff!' said I. 'It is for God to punish wicked people; we should learn to forgive.''No, God won’t have the satisfaction that I shall,' he returned. 'I only wish I knew the best way! Let me alone, and I'll plan it out: while I'm thinking of that I don't feel pain.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Intentionally or involuntarily, your earthly and spiritual fathers will lead you the perfect Father. You might not recognize it, but even when they fail, they create the perfect scenario for you to run into your Heavenly Daddy’s arms. When they reject you, He will receive you. When they fail at meeting you, He will open up His schedule. When they miscommunicate with you, He will share His heart of love for you and, His heart of love for them.
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Love|Civilized beings regard the act of intercourse as the highest expression of romantic love. One need only observe the behavior of animals, however, to realize that the act is often a form of violence.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The idea of authority, which they represented, was associated in our minds with a greater insight and a more humane wisdom.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|The ink was secret nectar, for Marin isn't married.
Herbie Hancock|Ed Koch will never 'rest in peace.' That was not his way. He was always nervously squirming, while making others squirm as well. Comfort was not his goal. He understood that to be a proud and assertive Jew meant never being able to leave a sigh of relief and say, 'It's over, we are at peace, we can now put down our guard and relax.'
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Both Christian and Adrian had worried there would be some piece of Strigoi left in him, but their fears had been about violence and bloodshed. No one would have guessed this: that living as a Strigoi had hardened his heart, killing any chance of him loving anyone.Killing any chance of him loving me.And I was pretty sure that if that was the case, then part of me would die too.
Chris     Murray|Perception number one, how you want people to think about you when you arrive and perception number two, how you want them to talk about you once you have left.
C.R. Lord|Man has only wisdumb to gain knowledge but God alone has wisdom, for he possesses all knowledge past, present and future and there is not one iota of knowledge that he does not possess or will not possess.
Benjamin Lotter|If the world is so cruel you are frightened of it, I will hold you, and protect you, and teach it to love you as I already love you.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|In all of our battles, let's roar with the conquering powers of love and determination.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|No, we love war.War. Starvation. Plague. They fast-track us to enlightenment.“It's the mark of a very, very young soul,” Mr. Whittier used to say, “to try and fix the world. To try and save anyone from their ration of misery.”We have always loved war. We are born knowing that war is why we're here. And we love disease. Cancer. We love earthquakes. In this amusement-park fun house we call the planet earth, Mr. Whittier says we adore forest fires. Oil spills. Serial killers.
Lexi Blake, The Men with the Golden Cuffs|Kiss me," he growled."I shouldn't—""I. Don't. Give. A. Damn."Well hell. My lips touched his—barely. I pulled back and looked at him—unfamiliar, dangerous, and so exciting. I devoured his mouth without thinking. Don't think, just touch. I ran my fingers across his strong shoulders and down his arms. His skin felt hot under my hands, his body hard. He sucked in his abs so I could get into his pants, if I wanted to. I slid one hand over his stomach and under his jeans, touching his hard cock, smiling when he groaned.
Jackson Burnett, The Past Never Ends|But after living in Communist China for the past seventeen years, I knew that such a society was only a dream because those who seized power would invariably become the new ruling class. They would have the power to control the people’s lives and bend the people’s will. Because they controlled the production and distribution of goods and services in the name of the state, they would also enjoy material luxuries beyond the reach of the common people. In Communist China, details of the private lives of the leaders were guarded as state secrets. But every Chinese knew that the Party leaders lived in spacious mansions with many servants, obtained their provisions from special shops where luxury goods were made available to their household at nominal prices, and send their children in chauffeur-driven cars to exclusive schools to be taught by specially selected teachers. Even though every Chinese knew how these leaders lived, no one dared to talk about it. If we had to pass by a special shop for the military or high officials, we carefully looked the other way to avoid giving the impression we knew it was there. Pg. 90
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|[David] Wallerstein discovered that people would spring for more popcorn and soda- a lot more- as long as it came in a single gigantic serving. Thus was born the two-quart bucket of popcorn, the sixty-four-ounce Big Gulp, and, in time, the Big Mac and the jumbo fries.
Adele Griffin|We can spend today joyously celebrating potential by acting upon our purpose, or we can spend it mourning the days and opportunities gone by… the first will find you amongst the few who are content and accomplished; the latter will find you with the suffering majority as you exhaustedly swim in the ocean of regret.
Lang Leav|We can all take pictures but not everyone can capture the beauty that's usually hidden in plain view...We can all open our mouth to sing but not everyone can melodically touch your soul...We can all pick up a pen to write but not everyone can write words in such a way that they leap off of the page for you...We can all part our lips to speak but not everyone can speak life into you...We can all move our bodies to a beat but not everyone can become one with music, stir emotions and shift energy with dance...Point is: WE CAN all do something but Know your gifts, cultivate them and ALWAYS, ALWAYS BE YOURSELF! Then working together becomes effortless. Copies aren't accepted everywhere...ORIGINALS are eventually required!
Charles   Phillips, The Sharpshooter 1862-1864|The end is but a new beginning for the eternal "Ba.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Don't Expect Others to Read or Hear Your Thoughts; if You Want to be Heard, Speak Up and Speak Out!
Laura  Barnett, The Versions of Us|People bear loneliness every day. They think they won't be able to, that they won't survive, but somehow one second slips into another, becomes an hour, a day, a week, and they are still living. They are still alone, even in the middle of a crowd of people. Even with a partner, a child.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Fantasy is not antirational, but pararational; not realistic but surrealistic, a heightening of reality. In Freud's terminology, it employs primary not secondary process thinking. It employs archetypes which, as Jung warned us, are dangerous things. Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is. It is a wilderness, and those who go there should not feel too safe.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Yet Byron never made tea as you do, who fill the pot so that when you put the lid on the tea spills over. There is a brown pool on the table--it is running among your books and papers. Now you mop it up, clumsily, with your pocket-hankerchief. You then stuff your hankerchief back into your pocket--that is not Byron; that is so essentially you that if I think of you in twenty years' time, when we are both famous, gouty and intolerable, it will be by that scene: and if you are dead, I shall weep.
Ingrid Bergman|When I saw 'Independence Day,' I said, 'I want to be like Will Smith.' I want to do something like that. If he can do it, maybe one day I can come close to a set like that.
Frances J. Woodward, Portrait of Jane:  A Life of Lady Franklin|To be ignorant of the future is a condition of mortal existence, with which one can make terms. To be ignorant of the present, where it concerns the life of those one loves, is an additional burden almost beyond endurance.
Thomas Kyd, The Spanish Tragedy|BEL-IMPERIA: Oh let me go; for in my troubled eyesNow may'st thou read that life in passion dies.HORATIO: Oh stay a while, and I will die with thee;So shalt thou yield, and yet have conquered me.
Bernard Cornwell, Death of Kings|Together we would make reputation, we would have men in halls across Britain telling the story of our exploit. Or of our deaths. They were friends, they were oath-men, they were young, they were warriors, and with such men it might be possible to storm the gates of Asgard itself.
Lola Lola|Don't let others control who you should be, or try to make you do what you don't want to. It will eat away at your soul. Believe it or not, you are the maker of your own destiny. You are the only one who can make choices for yourself. Even when others are doing it now, it's cause you have chosen to allow them too.
Norman Schwarzkopf|Leadership is an active role; 'lead' is a verb. But the leader who tries to do it all is headed for burnout, and in a powerful hurry.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the song of love, listen with your heart.
Red Haircrow|Every word I write is like a drop of my blood. If it's flowed passionately and long, I need time to recover from the emotion spent before I begin a new story. My characters are aspects of my life. I have to respectfully and carefully move between them.
Madhuri Dixit|I had a somewhat religious upbringing. Not strict, but it was there, and I'm kind of thankful for that. If you grow up just watching MTV, that's its own form of religion, and it's not even based on happiness or communal responsibility. I mean, try to construct a worldview out of that.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|You never know how strong you are until you've been tested. People will try you on every level. They may think because you're not loud or rude like them that you won't put them in their place. But, push the wrong buttons and you'll soon find out.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Since we must and do write each our own way, we may during actual writing get more lasting instruction not from another's work, whatever its blessings, however better it is than ours, but from our own poor scratched-over pages. For these we can hold up to life. That is, we are born with a mind and heart to hold each page up to, and to ask: is it valid?
Debasish Mridha|Love, not for a purpose, love just for the sake of love.
Ratish Edwards|No matter how much bigger the pain is, it ends, yes it actually ends the moment when a pain of much bigger magnitude enters our lives.
E.A. Bucchianeri|The show must go on, and so must The Book.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|From the back came an unearthly, satisfied chuckle. All I could see in the rearview mirror was a dark shadow with red goat-slitted eyes. Fear slithered throu
Bill Engvall|Since I got involved in Telco, we first developed the first modular truck, the 407, then the 709, and now the 2213. These trucks broke away from the old face of Telco trucks. I was also just as much involved with the Safari, but nobody talks about the Safari. My involvement has been there with all Telco's projects -somehow the car has got hyped up.
Heather Stuart|the stigma of severe mental illness leads to prejudice and discrimination. Stigmas are negative and erroneous attitudes about these persons. Unfortunately, stigma's impact on a person's life may be as harmful as the direct effects of the disease.Corrigan, P. W., & Penn, D. L. (1999). Lessons from social psychology on discrediting psychiatric stigma. American Psychologist, 54(9), 765–776.
Nancy J. Cohen|Never Give up, never surrender.
Maureen Johnson, The Bermudez Triangle|The habit is now confirmed in me of spending the greater part of the day in sleep, while by night I wander far and wide through the city under the sedative influence of a tincture which has become necessary to my life
Hamza Yusuf|The Sufi Islam practiced in northern India is quite different from the Shi'a Islam practiced in Lebannon, which in turn is different from the Sunni Islam practiced in Pakistan. Even within a single branch of Islam there are customs and practices that vary by region and across time. Thus, the Islam of seventh-century Arabia is different from the Wahhabism that exists today in Saudi Arabia.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy.
Victor Hugo|That is the way with all of your kind… It is how you are made; you must all strive to claw your way over the backs of your fellow humans during the short time you are permitted in the universe, breeding when you can, so that the strongest strain survive and the weakest die. I would no more blame you for that than I would try to convert some non-sentient carnivore to vegetarianism. You are all on your own side.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Pride makes us long for a solution to things – a solution, a purpose, a final cause; but the better telescopes become, the more stars appear.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|All of us sport an invisible sign around our necks -- “AS IS.” It means, take me as I am. I may not become what you want me to be. And I’m far, far from perfect. But I have some great qualities, too, as well as my share of faults. You will have to take me “AS IS” and I’ll take you that way, too.
Brandon Sanderson, Towers of Midnight|So long as we do not depend on the facts entirely, incomplete knowledge is better than complete ignorance.--Egwene al'Vere
Horatio Nelson|Wherever you are, be all there." I have lived the runner, panting ahead in worry, pounding back in regrets, terrified to live in the present, because here-time asks me to do the hardest of all: just open wide and receive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You must first dream, without worrying about how you will fulfill the dreams. There is a divine power that will attract the needed resources for the fulfillment of your dreams.
William Morris|On the one hand, we'll never experience childbirth. On the other hand, we can open all our own jars.
Rabih Alameddine, Koolaids: The Art of War|The books we need are of the kind that act upon us like a misfortune,that makes us suffer like the death of someone we love more than ourselves, that make us feel as though we were on the verge of suicide,lost in a forest remote from all human habitation
Melanie Dickerson, The Beautiful Pretender|She had never been in love before. She'd tried to save herself the pain, but all her pretending and hiding the truth from herself had not saved her at all. And even though this love was painful, it was worth it to remember how the sight of him and the sound of his voice had made her heart beat faster, that feeling of wanting what was best for someone else, even if it broke her own heart.
Jodi Livon, The Happy Medium: Awakening to Your Natural Intuition|If the other shoe drops, run barefoot!
Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard|I thought of what pride would look like, a jowly old guy in a smoking jacket. Vanity was a tall, beautiful woman with a face like a mask. Envy was a treasure-hoarding dragon, dainty and diabolical. As I sketched in the dragon's face, I gave her eyebrows like mine, my turtle necklace around its scaly neck. Xanda drew them as cliffs and valleys, irrevocably linked pride as a mountain, envy as a valley, hating its lowness and longing to reach, overtake, conquer. She drew vanity as a volcano with an abyss at its core.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The worst grudge is being told that you are forgiven, yet your sins are still glowing in their hearts like a burning coal.
Kathi Appelt|The universal Mind contains all knowledge. It is the potential ultimate of all things. To it, all things are possible.
Jami Brumfield|Seeing as this is probably my last hurrah, I don't suppose I could get you two bleeding hearts to massacre a village with me? For old time's sake. - Jackal
Andy Paula|To speak of sparing anything because it is beautiful is to waste one’s breath and incur ridicule in the bargain. The aesthetic sense- the power to enjoy through the eye, and the ear, and the imagination- is just as important a factor in the scheme of human happiness as the corporeal sense of eating and drinking; but there has never been a time when the world would admit it.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|He had violent passions, and on occasion desire seized his body so that he was driven to an orgy of lust, but he hated the instincts that robbed him of his self-possession. I think, even, he hated the inevitable partner in his debauchery. When he had regained command over himself, he shuddered at the sight of the woman he had enjoyed. His thoughts floated then serenely in the empyrean, and he felt towards her the horror that perhaps the painted butterfly, hovering about the flowers, feels to the filthy chrysalis from which it has triumphantly emerged. I suppose that art is a manifestation of the sexual instinct. It is the same emotion which is excited in the human heart by the sight of a lovely woman, the Bay of Naples under the yellow moon, and the Entombment of Titian. It is possible that Strickland hated the normal release of sex because it seemed to him brutal by comparison with the satisfaction of artistic creation.
P.C. Cast, Burned|But a shift has occurred since I stepped up to take Prim’s place, and now it seems I have become someone precious. At first one, then another, then almost every member of the crowd touches the three middle fingers of their left hand to their lips and holds it out to me. It is an old and rarely used gesture of our district, occasionally seen at funerals. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means good-bye to someone you love.
Frances Mayes, Under the Tuscan Sun|You never know, of course, when you write a book what its fate will be. Sink out of sight, soar to the sun–who knows. I love this quote from Frances Mayes. It pretty much sums up the Great Unknown of book writing.
Miranda Kerr|From a pretty early age, I developed an interest in travel. I told my parents I wanted to live abroad, and they said, 'Well, you have to have money to do those things.'
Stephanie Witter, Patch Up|Baby, I held back today to let you get over all you've been through. But don't let that mislead you. You wouldn't be here if I planned on protecting you from me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your mind is loaded with many burdens, you will not feel yourself empty even in an empty place!
Amit Kalantri|People regret not achieving enough success in life, they should regret missing many opportunities in life.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|Dan explains the trip’s itinerary, which includes trekking through the jungle, boating down the Amazon River, and to my surprise, three Ayahuasca ceremonies.
Charlotte Bronte|It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When I get lonely these days, I think: So BE lonely, Liz. Learn your way around loneliness. Make a map of it. Sit with it, for once in your life. Welcome to the human experience. But never again use another person's body or emotions as a scratching post for your own unfulfilled yearnings.
Cyc Jouzy|You Will Never Live A Perfect Life - Getting In A Relationship Is Like Diving In A Sea, You Can Drown And Whales And Sharks Can Kill You. On The Other Hand, Being Single Is Like Staying Away From That Water, You Will Starve.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|But water doesn't care for human sorrows. It flows without slowing or quickening its pace in the darkness of the earth, where only stones will hear.
A. Merc Rustad, The Best American Science Fiction and Fantasy 2015|Eleven reasons you want to become a robot: 1. Robots are logical and know their purpose.2. Robots have programming they understand.3. Robots are not held to unattainable standards and then criticized when they fail.4. Robots are not crippled by emotions they don't know how to process.5. Robots are not judged based on what sex organs they were born with.6. Robots have mechanical bodies that are strong and durable. They are not required to have sex.7. Robots do not feel guilt (about existing, about failing, about being something other than expected).8. Robots can multitask.9. Robots do not feel unsafe all the time.10. Robots are perfect machines that are capable and functional and can be fixed if something breaks.11. Robots are happy.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|I put things in perspective and trust that everything is in its right place, be grateful that I'm healthy. Then throw on a cap and some killer red lipstick and gloss, that always seems to do the trick.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Ballot papers don’t determine who leads; they determine who takes which position. As to whether that person occupying the position will lead or will manipulate, character must come to prove it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you waste one hour of your time, you have wasted your life.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Clothing of Books|...American book jackets reflect the spirit of country - little homogeneity, lots of diversity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you touch a wound while it is healing, you will prolong it.
John Green, Zombicorns|Everywhere the human soul stands between a hemisphere of light and another of darkness; on the confines of two everlasting empires, necessity and free will.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|A society with values, is a rich society.
Ann Marlowe|Always she had sounded sympathetic, always she had appeared to understand. But inside there was a bit of her that said that they couldn't have tried hard enough. If Celia had a daughter who was desperately unhappy at school and who had lost four stone in weight, she wouldn't hang around --she'd try to cope with it. If she had a father who couldn't cope she'd have him to live with her. Only now was she beginning to realize that it was not to be so simple. People had minds of their own. And her mother's mind was like a hermetically sealed box in a vault of a bank.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|Even when this world is a forgotten whisper of dust between the stars, I will love you.
Sonia Marciano|We each sell alittle piece of happiness. You are elevating someone's spirit in some way, and to do that you have to understand the source of their angst and then you have to frame your product as a solution.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|The twentieth century will have taught us that no doctrine in itself is necessarily a liberating force: all of them may be perverted or take a wrong turning; all have blood on their hands - communism, liberalism, nationalism, each of the great religions, and even secularism. Nobody has a monopoly on humane values.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of Understanding: Commentaries on the Prajnaparamita Heart Sutra|The true tragedy in most people’s lives is that they are far better than they imagine themselves to be and, as a result, end up being much less than they might be.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|There was a worm addicted to grape leaves, she continued, and suddenly it woke up. Call it a miracle, whatever, something woke it up and it wasn’t a worm anymore. It was the whole vineyard, and the orchard too, the fruit, the trunks, an ever-expanding joy that didn’t need to devour anything.
J.M. Barrie, The Little White Bird|Lipstick was an easy answer to boredom. It was the most exciting thing you could do in the shortest amount of time because for a second, you got to convince yourself that you were the kind of gal who wears lipstick every day. You got to pout to yourself, and trick yourself that you were glamorous. Then in a second it was over, time to wipe it off and start again.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Love, too, was just a question of time
Deyth Banger|It's hard to impress me in case you don't know me, to lie me there isn't purpose I will find soon or later the truth. The lie just make the stuff complex and complex and after all I just don't want anymore to believe in your words, if you want to sacrifice this okay, continue to do this and I can assure that soon everything will come in it's order.
Sunday Adelaja|There is time for you to pray, and there is time for you to fight!
Abhijit Naskar|It is your existential responsibility to raise your child as a human being above everything else – catholic, muslim, jew, asian, caucasian or whatever.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|My dear fellow, it isn't easy to be anything nowadays. There's such a lot of beastly competition about.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There will come a time,' I said, 'when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this' - I gestured encompassingly - 'will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that's what everyone else does.
Rumi|Yes, your home is your castle, but it is also your identity and your possibility to be open to others.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Later, when his father left him, the boy cried over his pet, until eventually his father sent a servant to take the body of the bird away and bury it. The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.
Frank Bruno|I actually hated hunting the first time I went when I was a kid. My dad took us deer hunting. We sat there for 30 minutes, and I felt like I was losing my mind. But in college, I fell in love with it. Football became a full-time job, and I needed an escape. I needed something that would mellow me out.
Andi Zeisler, We Were Feminists Once: From Riot Grrrl to CoverGirl®, the Buying and Selling of a Political Movement|The rise of feminist underpants is a weird twist on Karl Marx's theory of commodity fetishism, wherein consumer products once divorced from inherent use value are imbued with all sorts of meaning. To brand something as feminist doesn't involve ideology, or labor, or policy, or specific actions or processes. It's just a matter of saying, 'This is feminist because we say it is.
Thiruman Archunan|Wherever and whenever a woman is harassed, abused and exploited there could be found a religion or some kind of irrational belief and suppression of reason among the minds of men or women who were responsible for the exploitation.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire|I look at you, and I see the most beautiful woman on the face of the earth. Inside and out you are beautiful. I know you better than anyone else could ever know you, because I can see into your thoughts and read your memories. The very light in you, our tremendous capacity for loving, humbles me.
Marc Marcel|The most obvious, most absurdly recognizable phenomena in day-to-day life often become the hardest to remain consciously aware of.
René Descartes, Meditations on First Philosophy|Thus the perception of the infinite is somehow prior in me to the perception of the finite, that is, my perception of God is prior to my perception of myself. For how would I understand that I doubt and that I desire, that is, that I lack something and that I am not wholly perfect, unless there were some idea in me of a more perfect being, by comparison with which I might recognize my defects?
Jean Genet, The Balcony|..her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a scratch lurking in it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Success will locate and visit you even if you are static wherever you are... But remember you are responsible for constructing the roads... Go, make the roads!
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|He turned to me. “Call me later?”“Yes.”“Promise?”“I promise,” I said.And then he leaned down and kissed me. And this time it wasn’t Romeo kissing Juliet. It was Quinn kissing Delia. And that was even better.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|You think because he doesn't love you that you are worthless. You think because he doesn't want you anymore that he is right- that his judgement and opinion of you are correct. If he throws you out, then you are garbage. You think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him. Hagar, don't. It's a bad word, 'belong.' Especially when you put it with somebody you love. Love shouldn't be like that.
Rosie Pugh|Maybe, if I had lied all those years ago, my life could have followed a very different path. But as it is I faithfully follow the long, long thread the Fates have woven for me.
Max Born|But in practical affairs, particularly in politics, men are needed who combine human experience and interest in human relations with a knowledge of science and technology.
Kellie Thacker, Redemption|The dark held new meaning for me now. There was a whole other world out there that I was just beginning to discover... A world that had once been only farce was now very real". -Abby Sullivan; Redemption
Albert Camus, The Stranger|...he said firmly, "God can help you. All the men I’ve seen in your position turned to Him in their time of trouble." "Obviously," I replied, "they were at liberty to do so, if they felt like it." I, however, didn’t want to be helped, and I hadn’t time to work up interest for something that didn’t interest me.
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the City of Angels|The only bright corner of my heart, where nothing seemed to hurt, was where Grey was. When I thought of him, I could see a future where I could be happy again, where I might not be just like I was before the Crimson Fever, but at least a version of myself that felt whole.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|​If we do something over and over again, it becomes normal. If we see the same thing over and over again, it becomes normal. If only boys are made class monitors, then at some point we will all think, even if unconsciously, that the class monitor has to be a boy. If we keep seeing only men as heads of corporations, it starts to seem 'natural' that only men should be heads of corporations. ​
Rush Limbaugh|Poverty is multidimensional. It extends beyond money incomes to education, health care, political participation and advancement of one's own culture and social organisation.
Gloria Steinem|Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities.
Madison Thorne Grey, Recompense|Oh, sweetheart, I am the worst male your precious gods could have chosen for you." The expression on his face turned deadly serious. He leaned his face forward and down to get eye level with her. "I will mate no one. Ever. (Darius)
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Regardless of what others may tell you, you only need two Mexican-Americans for a Mexican standoff.
Compton Gage|If the most High grant thee to live, thou shall see after the third trumpet that the sun shall suddenly shine again in the night, and the moon thrice in the day:
Cristin Harber, Winters Heat|If you're worried I'll bite, I promise to tell you first.
Garth Greenwell|Understanding has no cost, yet, it is too expensive for some people to purchase
Priyavrat Thareja- The Temple of TQM, OmniScience, Vol 2, No 2 (2012)Thareja- The Temple of TQM, Omn|Much water has flown under Tiber's bridges, carrying away splendour and mystery from Rome, since the pontificate of Pius XII. The essentials, I know, remain firmly entrenched and I find the post-Conciliar Mass simpler and generally better than the Tridentine; but the banality and vulgarity of the translations which have ousted the sonorous Latin and little Greek are of a super-market quality which is quite unacceptable. Hand-shaking and embarrassed smiles or smirks have replaced the older courtesies; kneeling is out, queueing is in, and the general tone is rather like a BBC radio broadcast for tiny tots (so however will they learn to put away childish things?) The clouds of incense have dispersed, together with many hidebound, blinkered and repressive attitudes, and we are left with social messages of an almost over-whelming progressiveness. The Church has proved she is not moribund. ‘All shall be well,’ I feel, ‘and all manner of things shall be well,’ so long as the God who is worshipped is the God of all ages, past and to come, and not the idol of Modernity, so venerated by some of our bishops, priests and mini-skirted nuns.
Toni Sorenson|Because Christ doesn’t scream to get our attention, we have to find places and times that are quiet. We can look for Him throughout the day in a smile or the sunlight through a cloud. He’s there in a baby’s face—every time in a baby’s face.
B.J. Novak, One More Thing: Stories and Other Stories|For God, who is in heaven, is in man. Where else can heaven be, if not in man? As we need it, it must be within us. Therefore it knows our prayer even before we have uttered it, for it is closer to our hearts than to our 
Tessa Clare, The Divinity Bureau|I, Roman Irvine, am in love with April McIntyre. I love her, even though she’s moody, spoiled, and slightly high maintenance. I love her, even though she refuses to acknowledge how kind-hearted and selfless than she is. I love her, and she’s the only girl that I could ever want in my life.
David James Poissant, The Heaven of Animals: Stories|I have to say, old friend, you were supposed to help train her, not drop her off a cliff.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|On every formal visit a child ought to be of the party, by way of provision for discourse. In the present case it took up ten minutes to determine whether the boy were most like his father or mother, and in what particular he resembled either, for of course every body differed, and every body was astonished at the opinion of the others.
Anne Lamott|I naively believe that self-love is 80 percent of the solution, that it helps beyond words to take yourself through the day as you would with your most beloved mental-patient relative, with great humor and lots of small treats.
Tara Crowley|The entire room turns and stares. There’s no doubt what they see—ripped jeans, a black T-shirt, tattoos and earrings. I don’t care what they see. All I care about is what she sees: a person unwelcomed or the guy she 
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|In a Pyongyang restaurant, don't ever ask for a doggie bag.
Horatio Nelson|What a newspaper needs in its news, in its headlines, and on its editorial page is terseness, humor, descriptive power, satire, originality, good literary style, clever condensation, and accuracy, accuracy, accuracy!
Carrie Butler, Strength|One second she’s all timid, and then reeoowr! Hellcat.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|When someone blushes, doesn't that mean 'yes'?
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|He cups my facewith both handsleans in,eyes lingering asweet secondbefore his lips are there on mine,teasing, playing, tasting, kissing.When he pulls away,I'm breathless.He nuzzles my ear."Now that's thrilling."You got that right.
William James|Our attitudes control our lives. Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|If we don't place the straitjacket of gender roles on young children, we give them space to reach their full potential.
Tony Robbins|If I could uncover what beliefs and values control me, I can literally redesign me.
Henri Matisse|I didn't expect to recover from my second operation but since I did, I consider that I'm living on borrowed time. Every day that dawns is a gift to me and I take it in that way. I accept it gratefully without looking beyond it. I completely forget my physical suffering and all the unpleasantness of my present condition and I think only of the joy of seeing the sun rise once more and of being able to work a little bit, even under difficult conditions.
Rebekkah Ford, Beyond the Eyes|I never thought I would die at the age of seventeen, so when I received the death message, I was a little freaked out.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Though Queen Victoria in England had suggested that makeup was impolite, even vanity, Gideon saw it as yet another weapon. It was not so different from magic.
Adam Sandler|Funny enough, if you are looking at people these days who are putting Botox in their face and getting all sorts of plastic surgery, we look at them and go, I can tell you've had Botox. I can tell you've had plastic surgery. You look really strange to me. But no one's saying anything. We're just accepting the fact that they're strange-looking.
Susan Fletcher, Shadow Spinner|Marjan. I have told him tales of good women and bad women, strong women and weak women, shy women and bold women, clever women and stupid women, honest women and women who betray. I'm hoping that, by living inside their skins while he hears their stories, he'll understand over time that women are not all this way or that way. I'm hoping he'll look at women as he does at men--that you must judge each of us on her own merits, and not condemn us or exalt us only because we belong to a particular sex.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|She wasn't happy, exactly; she was still too raw for that. But she was satisfied. Satisfied and relieved, too, with maybe just a bit of joy thrown in for good measure. Yes, that was it. She'd made it through so much already. She knew now that she was strong. She'd survive. And she had friends and family to support her.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Breath: A Practice for Our Busy Lives|If you know how to be happy with the wonders of life that are already there for you to enjoy, you don't need to stress your mind and your body by striving harder and harder, and you don't need to stress this planet by purchasing more and more stuff. The Earth belongs to our children. We have already borrowed too much from it, from them; and the way things have been going, we're not sure we'll be able to give it back to them in decent shape. And who are our children, actually? They are us, because they are our own continuation. So we've been shortchanging our own selves. Much of our modern way of life is permeated by mindless overborrowing. The more we borrow, the more we loser. That's why it's critical that we wake up and see we don't need to do that anymore. What's already available in the here and now is plenty for us to be nourished, to be happy. Only that kind of insight will get us, each one of us, to stop engaging in the compulsive, self-sabotaging behaviors of our species. We need a collective awakening. One Buddha is not enough. All of us have to become Buddhas in order for our planet to have a chance. Fortunately, we have the power to wake up, to touch enlightenment from moment to moment, in our very own ordinary and, yes, busy lives. So let's start right now. Peace is your every breath.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|And you, their best beloved one, are now to me, flesh of my flesh; blood of my blood; kin of my kin; my bountiful wine-press for awhile; and shall later on be my companion and my helper.
Ian Lamont|Get used to the idea of significant portion of the population walking around with high-speed Internet connections on their person, with sophisticated video cameras built in. They will be shooting all kinds of events all the time. Crime. Crashes. Speeches. Sports. And the footage won't be the short, sanitized and safe versions we usually see on television, courtesy of the old media gatekeepers. The user-generated pictures and video will be raw and real. It will be disturbing, yet illuminating. And it will be shared over the 'Net almost as it happens, and available for everyone to see.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|The Cat and the Moon The cat went here and thereAnd the moon spun round like a top,And the nearest kin of the moon,The creeping cat, looked up.Black Minnaloushe stared at the moon,For, wander and wail as he would,The pure cold light in the skyTroubled his animal blood.Minnaloushe runs in the grassLifting his delicate feet.Do you dance, Minnaloushe, do you dance?When two close kindred meet,What better than call a dance?Maybe the moon may learn,Tired of that courtly fashion,A new dance turn.Minnaloushe creeps through the grassFrom moonlit place to place,The sacred moon overheadHas taken a new phase.Does Minnaloushe know that his pupilsWill pass from change to change,And that from round to crescent,From crescent to round they range?Minnaloushe creeps through the grassAlone, important and wise,And lifts to the changing moonHis changing eyes.
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|I had found a new friend. The surprising thing is where I’d found him – not up a tree or sulking in the shade, or splashing around in one of the hill streams, but in a book. No one had told us kids to look there for a friend. Or that you could slip inside the skin of another. Or travel to another place with marshes, and where, to our ears, the bad people spoke like pirates. 
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|I’ve been thinking about that proof I spoke of last time – that you’re where you’re supposed to be. And it occurred to me, can you prove you’d be better off somewhere else? If you’d have left the state, your relationship would have ended still. Maybe you’d have even blamed yourself, not knowing that it was doomed because of him, either way. Instead, you’re here. You got dumped, skipped class, and met the best econ tutor at the university! Who knows, maybe I’ll make you fall in love with economics.
Sanford I. Weill|If you meet the Buddha in the lane, feed him the ball.
Mary Gaitskill|You see, I had been riding with the storm clouds, and had come to earth as rain, and it was drought that I had killed with the power that the Six Grandfathers gave me.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|There are few uglier traits of human nature than this tendency—which I now witnessed in men no worse than their neighbours—to grow cruel, merely because they possessed the power of inflicting harm.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I stayed in the town until early evening, and when the sun began to sink, my heart did too. This is your last chance to go back, I told myself. Once it gets completely dark, you might never be able to leave here. I went home on the same buses that had brought me there. I arrived before seven, and no one noticed that I had run away.
George Washington|I wish it were different. I wish that we privileged knowledge in politicians, that the ones who know things didn't have to hide it behind brown pants, and that the know-not-enoughs were laughed all the way to the Maine border on their first New Hampshire meet and greet. I wish that in order to secure his party's nomination, a presidential candidate would be required to point at the sky and name all the stars; have the periodic table of the elements memorized; rattle off the kings and queens of Spain; define the significance of the Gatling gun; joke around in Latin; interpret the symbolism in seventeenth-century Dutch painting; explain photosynthesis to a six-year-old; recite Emily Dickinson; bake a perfect popover; build a shortwave radio out of a coconut; and know all the words to Hoagy Carmichael's "Two Sleepy People," Johnny Cash's "Five Feet High and Rising," and "You Got the Silver" by the Rolling Stones. After all, the United States is the greatest country on earth dealing with the most complicated problems in the history of the world--poverty, pollution, justice, Jerusalem. What we need is a president who is at least twelve kinds of nerd, a nerd messiah to come along every four years, acquire the Secret Service code name Poindexter, install a Revenge of the Nerds screen saver on the Oval Office computer, and one by one decrypt our woes.
Deyth Banger|So here is one tip, be careful how you say the words... sometimes people get it wrong once wrong it goes like rummor.
Ed Helms|Where I come from it was really unheard of to be at a party and someone says, 'What kind of music do you make?', and you say, 'Pop music.' You may as well have 'I'm not cool' stamped on your forehead.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Sometimes, there is no harm in putting off a piece of work until another day.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Each leaf that brushed his face deepened his sadness and dread. Each leaf he passed he'd never pass again. They rode over his face like veils, already some yellow, their veins like slender bones where the sun shone through them. He had resolved himself to ride on for he could not turn back and the world that day was as lovely as any day that ever was and he was riding to his death.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|I didn't want a world in which I had to choose between blind human babies and tortured monkey ones. To be frank, that's the sort of choice I expect science to protect me from, not give me.
Emory R. Frie, Heart of a Lion|Let men position you in the den, God will make you a Daniel in the den. Let men position you to face Goliath, God will make you a David. Let men subject you to undue pressure, torture and pain, blindfold you and lead you into the dungeon, God will make you a Samson there! Let men sell you into indentured servitude, God will make you Joseph. Let men build a death trap for you, God shall turn it into the days of Mordecai and Haman and you shall only see with your eyes the destruction of evil conspirators who would never repent! Let all odds be against you, God will make you Job. And when though fear grips your heart because of the storm you see, God will empower you and make you more than Peter. Stay hopeful! Trust in God!
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|In friendship...we think we have chosen our peers. In reality a few years' difference in the dates of our births, a few more miles between certain houses, the choice of one university instead of another...the accident of a topic being raised or not raised at a first meeting--any of these chances might have kept us apart. But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking no chances. A secret master of ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends, "Ye have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The friendship is not a reward for our discriminating and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each of us the beauties of others.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|The British Army has a fine tradition of being so distracted by what it is currently up to it stubbornly refuses to look round the corner, let alone into the future.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.
Lauryn Hill|By adversity are wrought the greatest works of admiration, and all the fair examples of renown, out of distress and misery are grown.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|The blade was sharp enough that she didn't feel the initial prick, but it didn't matter. The earth beside her opened up and the knife slid from her attacker's suddenly nerveless hand, thudding to the ground about the same time she did. His grip on her hand disappeared the instant that something else emerged in a blast of stone and magic.	Wynn's cavalry had arrived, in the form of one very large and very angry Guardian, a Guardian that was supposed to be nothing but the teeny-tiny pieces still scattered around her.	Huh. How about that?
Debasish Mridha|We came to this world with two wealths, love and hope, but, in the end, love is our only wealth.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|After reading Burgum, [Patricia Highsmith] wrote in her cahier that, like Kafka, she felt she was a pessimist, unable to formulate a system in which an individual could believe in God, government or self. Again like Kafka, she looked into the great abyss which separated the spiritual and the material and saw the terrifying emptiness, the hollowness, at the heart of every man, a sense of alienation she felt compelled to explore in her fiction. As her next hero, she would take an architect, 'a young man whose authority is art and therefore himself,' who when he murders, 'feels no guilt or even fear when he thinks of legal retribution'. The more she read of Kafka the more she felt afraid as she came to realise, 'I am so similar to him.
AVA., you are safe here.|the opening,the breaking,the falling apartis always so quick.the hurting,the healing,the putting back togetheris always too long.
Julian Pencilliah|It’s only when we are able to exceed our rigid interpretations, and we start defining love in it’s totality, that we realize that love is everywhere
Tyler Oakley|My teacher told my mum, 'I think William has dyspraxia,' and Mum asked what that meant. She said, 'Well, if I put a chair in the middle of the room and asked every child in the class to walk around it, William would be the only child in the class to walk into it.' Mum was like, 'Yeah, that's my boy'.
Winna Efendi, Melbourne: Rewind|Yet whenever I think of light, I’m always reminded of her.
Ranata Suzuki|For you are you, and I am I, and once we were we… but as long as I exist and so do you – know that I will always love you.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|And I'll wash your other clothes. Shall I also order you a new set of leathers?""Don't-" Wrath shut his mouth. "Sure. That'd be great. And, ah, could you get me some boxers? Black? XXL?
Chick Corea|When I was nine, the teacher asked us to write a piece about our village fete. He read mine in class. I was encouraged and continued. I even wanted to write my memoirs at the age of ten. At twelve I wrote poetry, mostly about friendship - 'Ode to Friendship.' Then my class wanted to make a film, and one little boy suggested that I write the script.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|I’m sorry he won’t talk to you. And I’m sorry that he keeps hurting you. I really am. I don’t know how to fix things between you two, but I think a place to start would be for you to stop pointing out how flawed he is and start looking for the good in him.
Bethany Pierce, Amy Inspired|The sun was up, the neighborhood waking. I wiped my face clean with the back of my sleeve, the warming air soft on my wet cheeks. A prayer welled up within me, a new kind of prayer. I was done begging God to forgive me for being too bitter, too needy, too egotistical, too tired. Repenting one day for being too much, the next for not being enough.Now I clearly understood my real offence against heaven: the stubborn refusal that every failing that I had—from the first—had been forgiven.
Steven Herrick, A Place Like This|We can't rewind the past, nor fast-forward the future, so today, all we can do is play, record, pause and keep moving, until something should press the stop button.
Deborah Levy, Hot Milk|Gómez had suggested I steal a fish to achieve more courage and purpose. I regarded this task as an anthropological experiment, though it crossed a border into something approaching magic, or perhaps magical thinking. When I googled how to gut a fish, there were over 9 million results.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Every day it’s something worse being predicted. Mearth says that sooner or later copyright on books will be all in the past because they’ll all be available electronically. She says that electric cars will replace gasoline-powered cars. She says that something called drones will be used to watch the entire country, she talks a lot about something called nanotechnology, and 3-dimensional printing and cellular phones being implanted into peoples’ minds and all available careers being replaced by robots and human cloning and overpopulation and film becoming obsolete, cellular phones making regular telephones obsolete and LED lighting replacing everything and eventually she says that the planet will collapse and become an apathetic wreck,” Alecto replied rapidly, his run-on sentence sounding sinister and dangerous. “Mearth says that eventually people will be able to see inside the minds of everyone.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|The whole world had given up on love anyway and clung instead to its malformed cousins: lust, narcissism, self-interest.
Brian Sibley|I'm just cruising, doing me, having a good time and focusing on getting better.
Saurabh Gupta|I charge my clients for my time and expertise, my heart is free.
Daniel Radcliffe|When I realized that if I was an actor, I could be any character I wanted instead of just one particular, I was like, 'Wow, that's cool.'
Samuel Johnson|Whoever thou art that, not content with a moderate condition, imaginest happiness in royal magnificence, and dreamest that command or riches can feed the appetite of novelty with perpetual gratifications, survey the Pyramids, and confess thy folly!
João Cabral de Melo Neto, Education by Stone|Forge your iron; shape it by force, not into a flower you already know but into what can also be a flower if you think it is and it is so.
Peter Capaldi|Why not add benefits for making healthy food choices, provide a transition bonus for getting off food stamps, or increase job training opportunities and income - raising minimum wage?
Renee Cefalu|Don't walk through life stifling your authenticity, suppressing your uniqueness, hiding your truth out of fear of what others may think. Being someone other than who you are only hampers your well-being and also wastes a whole lot of time.
Laura Prepon|It's weird, I never wish anything bad upon anybody, except two or three old girlfriends.
Tom Spanbauer, In the City of Shy Hunters|Books are in the mind, Grandfather Alessandro said. Too many books and you forget your body is in the world.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Changeling Sea|Kir stood close to his father, watching. He seemed, Peri realized, finally becalmed; already he looked more like his mother, as if he were relinquishing his human experience. He found her looking at him wistfully; he gave her a sea-smile. She swallowed a briny taste of sadness in her throat. Already he was leaving her.
Washington Irving|The scholar only knows how dear these silent, yet eloquent, companions of pure thoughts and innocent hours become in the season of adversity. When all that is worldly turns to dross around us, these only retain their steady value.
Debasish Mridha|We are our best friend and worst enemy we wil ever fight with. Time is our enemy, but how can we fight even when time will wipe us out?
John Milbank, Radical Orthodoxy: A New Theology|The theological perspective of participation actually saves the appearances by exceeding them. It recognizes that materialism and spiritualism are false alternatives, since if there is only finite matter there is not even that, and that for phenomena really to be there they must be more than there. Hence, by appealing to an eternal source for bodies, their art, language, sexual and political union, one is not ethereally taking leave of their density. On the contrary, one is insisting that behind this density resides an even greater density – beyond all contrasts of density and lightness (as beyond all contrasts of definition and limitlessness). This is to say that all there is only is because it is more than it is. (...)This perspective should in many ways be seen as undercutting some of the contrasts between theological liberals and conservatives. The former tend to validate what they see as the modern embrace of our finitude – as language, and as erotic and aesthetically delighting bodies, and so forth. Conservatives, however, seem still to embrace a sort of nominal ethereal distancing from these realities and a disdain for them. Radical orthodoxy, by contrast, sees the historic root of the celebration of these things in participatory philosophy and incarnational theology, even if it can acknowledge that premodern tradition never took this celebration far enough. The modern apparent embrace of the finite it regards as, on inspection, illusory, since in order to stop the finite vanishing modernity must construe it as a spatial edifice bound by clear laws, rules and lattices. If, on the other hand, following the postmodern options, it embraces the flux of things, this is an empty flux both concealing and revealing an ultimate void. Hence, modernity has oscillated between puritanism (sexual or otherwise) and an entirely perverse eroticism, which is in love with death and therefore wills the death also of the erotic, and does not preserve the erotic as far as an eternal consummation. In a bizarre way, it seems that modernity does not really want what it thinks it wants; but on the other hand, in order to have what it thinks it wants, it would have to recover the theological. Thereby, of course, it would discover also that that which it desires is quite other than it has supposed
Terry Spear, Dreaming of a White Wolf Christmas|Candice had been writing for two days’ straight, working on her publisher’s book deadline, when she wrote the end, smiled, and set the book aside. She would start proofing it tomorrow after she’d given her brain a break. Now she’d do what she always did when she finished a book, or reached a good stopping point in one. Clean house. Check her backlog of emails. Pick up some more groceries. And take a run on the wolf side.She finished vacuuming and dusting, swearing every window must let all the outdoors in, and then started a batch of gingerbread cookie cutouts to celebrate finishing another book and the Christmas holiday season. While they were baking, she finally settled down to check her emails. Fan mail always came first, and one from her website got her attention right off. She opened it up and read: Hello, I’m Owen Nottingham, private investigator for White River Investigations, White River Falls, Minnesota and my client, Strom Hart, hired me to locate you. Your parents, John and Cynthia Hart, left you an inheritance and you need to see the lawyer about it so that you can claim it. I need to verify that you are the right woman first. Is there any way that we can possibly meet and get this taken care of so you can collect your inheritance? Strom Hart will be the one to receive it by the end of the month otherwise. His assistant, Jim Winchester, said Mr. Hart is your uncle.”She reread the message again, not believing her eyes, tears filling them. She quickly looked at the date of the message. Two days ago! She knew she shouldn’t have neglected her emails, but when she was into the story, she couldn’t break away.She ground her teeth, raised her fingers to respond, and heard a knocking at her door. No one came here. Never. Ever. Not even salesmen.She glanced at her phases-of-the moon calendar. The waxing gibbous was just beginning. She should be fine. Just to be on the safe side, in case the person at the door was trouble, she pulled a can of mace from her desk drawer and headed for the door. She peered through the peephole. A handsome black-haired man waited at the door, with rugged features and intense blue eyes. He was dressed in a black suit, a red shirt, and a dark purple tie covered in red, purple, and gold Christmas balls. She raised her brows.“I’m Owen Nottingham,” he said to the door, holding up his PI license and driver’s license. He couldn’t know that she was watching him, so he must have hoped she was there, observing him. “I tried getting hold of you on your contact form on your website about your inheritance. Your contact form might not be working, so I had to locate you in person.”So this was the man who had sent the message. But was he for real? He had to be. He wouldn’t have come all this way to see her if he wasn’t. But how had he found her? She opened the door, the bells jingling on her Christmas wreath, and he glanced down at the can of mace in her hand. He smiled, his gaze holding hers with such intensity, it was as though he could see clear through to her soul. “Really, just a PI doing my job.”A chilly breeze carried his scent to her. Wolf scent. She felt so lightheaded all at once, she grabbed the door to keep herself upright, and dropped the can of mace on the tile floor. It clattered, but she couldn’t reach for it if her life depended on it. Oh. My. God.This couldn’t be real. He couldn’t be real. No wonder he was talking to the door. He must have heard her footfalls as she’d approached.He took a deep breath at the same time and his eyes widened in surprise when he smelled her scent. His hand shot out to grab her arm and steady her. For a minute, as she tried to control her breathing, her heart rate, neither of which she could steady. She felt like she was going to pass out.“Hell, you’re the wolf I saw across the White River, aren’t you?
Marcel H. Van Herpen, Putin's Wars: The Rise of Russia's New Imperialism|On August 7, 2013, on the evening of the fifth anniversary of the war, Georgian President Mikheil Saakasvili, in a prerecorded interview on Georgia’s Rustavi-2 TV, told that he had met Putin in Moscow in February 2008 at an informal summit of the CIS. During the summit he told Putin that he was ready to say no to NATO in exchange for Russian help with the reintegration of the two breakaway territories. Saakashvili claimed “that ‘Putin did not even think for a minute” about his proposal. “[Putin] smiled and said, ‘We do not exchange your territories for your geopolitical orientation... And it meant ‘we will chop off your territories anyway.’”Saakashvili asked him to talk about the growing tensions along the borders with South Ossetia, saying, “It could not be worse than now.” “That’s when he [Putin] looked at me and said: ‘And here you are very wrong. You will see that very soon it will be much, much, much worse.’” [234]
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|Politics is good; when it works properly, disagreements get solved without people beating each other up. But when a regime knows its days are numbered, there's always the chance it may use its position to change the rules and make the debate it is losing irrelevant.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|And it came to me then. That we were wonderful traveling companions but in the end no more than lonely lumps of metal in their own separate orbits. From far off they look like beautiful shooting stars, but in reality they're nothing more than prisons, where each of us is locked up alone, going nowhere. When the orbits of these two satellites of ours happened to cross paths, we could be together. Maybe even open our hearts to each other. But that was only for the briefest moment. In the next instant we'd be in absolute solitude. Until we burned up and became nothing.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|But many of us seek community solely to escape the fear of being alone. Knowing how to be solitary is central to the art of loving. When we can be alone, we can be with others without using them as a means of escape.
Charles Darwin|Nobody chooses to evolve. It's like floods and avalanches and earthquakes. You never know what's happening until they hit, then it's too late.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|New exit, new entry!
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|They had a saying: An Arab loves in the order of: his son, his camel, and his wife - but there were times when one was allowed to take precedence over the other!
Graydon Carter|The human species, according to the best theory I can form of it, is composed of two distinct races, the men who borrow and the men who lend.
Jack Croxall, Wye|A skydiver, arrogant in his ability to navigate the heavens, rejects his fragile state and calls himself a God of the skies.
Christopher Moore, Fluke: Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings|Extroverts are more likely to take a quick-and-dirty approach to problem-solving, trading accuracy for speed, making increasing numbers of mistakes as they go, and abandoning ship altogether when the problem seems too difficult or frustrating. Introverts think before they act, digest information thoroughly, stay on task longer, give up less easily, and work more accurately. Introverts and extroverts also direct their attention differently: if you leave them to their own devices, the introverts tend to sit around wondering about things, imagining things, recalling events from their past, and making plans for the future. The extroverts are more likely to focus on what's happening around them. It's as if extroverts are seeing "what is" while their introverted peers are asking "what if.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|We must look at the lens through we see the world, as well as the world we see, and that the lens itself shapes how we interpret the world.
Shilpi, Hangover|Love, doesn't need any stamp of society to prove itself, it just happens
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Why do we tend to treasure our health best, only when it is in jeopardy?
Jeffrey R. Holland, Christ and the New Covenant: The Messianic Message of the Book of Mormon|Turning something over to the Holy Spirit is a leap of faith that lets go of attempting to control outcomes. The core of alcoholism, anorexia, bulimia, smoking and a host of things the world calls addictions is control. The little willingness the Holy Spirit asks is the key to letting go of the attempt to manage the body and the world, which is the insane attempt to maintain a self-concept image that God did not create. An idea to contemplate from the Course is this: "Seek not to change the world, but choose to change your mind about the world." The requirement is to change your thinking, not to focus on behavior and form. Behavior flows from thought, and transformation of the mind is synonymous with changing thought patterns from ego-based to Spirit-based.
Erik Pevernagie|At work here is that powerful WYSIATI ("what you see is all there is") rule. You cannot help dealing with the limited information you have as if it were all there is to know. You build the best possible story from the information available to you, and if it is a good story, you believe it. Paradoxically, it is easier to construct a coherent story when you know little, when there are fewer pieces to fit into the puzzle. Our comforting conviction that the world makes sense rests on a secure foundation: our almost unlimited ability to ignore our ignorance.
Robert Charles Wilson, Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America|We enter this universe alone in search of microscopic beauty—and while we love, or are loved by others—we leave this world completely alone, having only found infinite sorrow. Despite there being so many of us, each of us tragically realizes that everyone is on a solitary journey. No one else can see what we see, hear what we hear, feel, what we feel. All we have of each other are glimpses of moments, whispers of experiences, memories of the past we wish we could make eternal, but in the end, we become a faint memory in the minds of a few good people.
Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City|All those men who end up disappointing you. After a while, you don't even want to have feelings anymore. You just want to get on with your life.
Kiese Laymon, Long Division|Rather than evoke our sympathy, our familiarity with the lives of the black poor has bred spasms of fear and outright contempt. But mostly it's bred indifference.
J.R. Rim|The more you get set into your own world, the smaller your world becomes.
Catherine Watson|Leaving home's a cinch. It's the staying, once you've found it, that takes courage.
Nostradamus|Browsing for books with a mouse and screen is not nearly as joyful an act as wandering the stacks and getting lost in the labyrinthine corridors of knowledge. The best libraries are places of imagination, education and community. The best libraries have mystery to them.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|I realized that that was how heartbreak occurred. Your heart wants something, but reality resists it. Death is inert and heavy, and it has no relation to your heart's desires.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|Hold my hands; kiss my forehead, hug me and look in my eyes; maybe today is the last day you can do this.
Alok Jagawat|Sometimes, it is easier for people to believe lies then deal with the uncomfortableness of their own fear of action. These type of people feel uncomfortable unless everyone is the same or God presents them with what is easy and obvious. It is a life long coping mechanism for the greatest fear of all--regret.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Language is power that gets abused all the time, Robin, but we've got real enemies out there somewhere and until they're out of the picture, I won't get knotted up over people who don't get all the words right. It's a waste of energy.
Kiefer Sutherland|La Mancha is a very macho, chauvinistic society. I saw very clearly that my life had to be in Madrid, and I liberated myself from my mum and dad after high school.
C.S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia|But, first, remember, remember, remember the signs. Say them to yourself when you wake in the morning and when you lie down at night, and when you wake in the middle of the night. And whatever strange things may happen to you, let nothing turn your mind from following the signs. And secondly, I give you a warning. Here on the mountain I have spoken to you clearly: I will not often do so down in Narnia. Here on the mountain, the air is clear and your mind is clear; as you drop down into Narnia, the air will thicken. Take great care that it does not confuse your mind. And the signs which you have learned here will not look at all as you expect them to look, when you meet them there. That is why it is so important to know them by heart and pay no attention to appearances. Remember the signs and believe the signs. Nothing else matters.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|If you cannot seat where they sit, you have no right to tell them what’s good for them.
Deyth Banger|Patience is a balloon,the longer you have it,the more it inflates to burst
Steve Merrick|The forces that we deal with have two sides: one is good and helpful and the other is dark and dangerous. Part of your training is to learn to distinguish between them, and know when to use which.” (Nakoma)
Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You|As adults, HSPs tend to have just the right personalities for inner work and healing. Generally speaking, your keen intuition helps you uncover the most important hidden factors. You have greater access to your own unconscious and so a greater sense of others' and how you were affected. You can develop a good sense of the process itself - when to push, when to back off. You have curiosity about inner life. Above all, you have integrity. You remain committed to the process of individuation no matter how difficult it is to face certain moments, certain wounds, certain facts.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|At least, for once I was there for her. I didn’t fail her. She wasn’t alone. — Duke
Gatot Soedarto|No one ever wants to hear how stressed out anyone else is, because most of the time everyone is stressed out. Going on and on in detail about how stressed out I am isn’t conversation. It’ll never lead anywhere. No one is going to say, “Wow, Mindy, you really have it especially bad. I have heard some stories of stress, but this just takes the cake.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Do not go for conformity that breeds mediocrity! Choose instead to stand for transformation that does not only transforms lives, but true purpose and living as well.
MacDonald Harris, The Balloonist|We only betray ourselves. No one is betrayed except by himself. One way to betray yourself is to try to be too many people at once."How many people should a person try to be in your opinion?"One at the most. Most people don't even succeed in that.
James Lusarde, The Lady Loves to Strip|Well this wasn’t Vegas, and this wasn’t Disneyland, this was ‘Erotica- The Theme Park – featuring Femdom World, Slave World, Bondage World, Spanking World – and so much more!’ -according to the brochure Jillian and Rebecca handed me with great fanfare the next day.	-This is a beautiful brochure, I said – very-	-Glossy , said Rebecca.	-Right, I studied it some more – so is this…I mean – legal? I mean, is it for real?	-O yes, they said.	-Well. Wow, I guess.	-Wow is right, they said.Jillian had been on some trip with one of her many very rich and very ugly men friends, and they had shown her the place. (no she didn’t say to what extent she was ’shown’ the place. She was very tight lipped about it, -wanted everything to be a surprise, she said)To be aware of Erotica-The Theme Park, and its Hotel Ecstasy you need money, connections, and more. In fact you need at least a 100 ft yacht to dock at its private Marina.And no I can’t tell you where it is, otherwise they will revoke my membership pass and kill my first born. But let’s say - it’s on an island, with warm water ,pure white sand beaches, it’s for the very rich, and it’s not far , by private helicopter from certain well known islands in let’s say, the Caribbean.
Nikki Lynn Barrett, On The 12th Date of Christmas|I've already seen what you've got," Liz said, completely out of patience. "Now gimme my wine.""It's not that. I want to show you something at my place."Do I have Idiot stamped on my forehead? They both knew what would happen if they were alone at his place.She leaped to grab the wine and some sloshed out on her head. "Ah!"He bit back a smile. "You shouldn't have done that.
Madison Thorne Grey, Recompense|We are bastards of the gods, Sorvus, you and I. I once shared the dream you seem to think you are now living. The dream of living here, in Northbrook, the birthplace of our mothers." Thais turned his head to the trees. He heard something. "Such deception.
Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough|He couldn’t just come right out with it, could he? No, that would scare her off. He had to be subtle, build up to it. Explain himself. “I love you.” Of course, straight to the point was also an effective strategy.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge|... In the discourse of today's financial backers of research, the only credible goal is power. Scientists, technicians, and instruments are purchased not to find truth, but to augment power.
Elisabeth Grace Foley, War Memorial|The war had been a daily thought, a continual consciousness in her life for two years, but never a real presence. Battles were things that were fought somewhere else, won somehow, by someone, and lost by someone else. Now as she stood by her own door and listened to the cannons, it was with a chilling, dreadfully full and clear realization that men were out on the field beneath that gray cloud taking each other’s lives.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|Know that it is a corpse who loves you and adores you and will never, never leave you!...Look, I am not laughing now, crying, crying for you, Christine, who have torn off my mask and who therefore can never leave me again!...Oh, mad Christine, who wanted to see me!
Michael Connelly, The Burning Room|Harvey, Harvey, Harvey, I always wanted to be a hero in my life but i knew people won't let me to be a hero they only let you to be a villain, you know a villain, with a knife because these cheap maggots always want you to hurt them, hurt them badly." the joker said angrily.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|Fabre looked up, his mobile face composed. "Good-bye," he said. "Georges-Jacques--study law. Law is a weapon.
Orrin Woodward|A big secret to life is when you learn that learning is just as entertaining as entertainment, but with long term benefits.
Hugh Ross|One thing I learned about Gordon Brown is you've got to have the strength to just get in there and take him on. When you first hear him spouting his statistics and boasting about his record, it can be quite intimidating. But over time, shadowing him, I just realised that a lot of it was rubbish; a lot of it was baloney.
Criss Jami|Many of us are literally prone to believing the most blatantly nonsensical untruths. There are some opinions and some beliefs so incredibly moronic, you actually feel stupid for not believing them; and it's probably because in giving the benefit of the doubt you self-doubt, you convince yourself into lame passivity and blind acceptance, you tell yourself, 'Maybe I'm just missing something here.
Arthur Nersesian, The Fuck-Up|I had grazed along the surface of her actions and made deep judgments. Rejecting someone because you couldn't understand their love, that was a new one. The more I thought about it the longer the shadow of doubt stretched over all my conclusions. More often than not, things were as they seemed. But as I stared at her, she wasn't as bad looking as I had once thought. I realized how all this time I had seen her the wrong way, and how one's character affects one's appearance. Although she wasn't my type she was attractive. As I thought about her - the vulnerable intelligence, the violent honesty, and the fact that in the entire city she was the only one who took me in and fed me - she became more and more irresistible. Baited by an obscure beauty, trapped by an intense sorrow - all prior definitions had been overruled: this was love.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|When we walk to the edge of all the light we have and take a step into the darkness of the unknown, we must believe that one of two things will happen. There will be something solid for us to stand on or we will be taught to fly.
Baruch Spinoza|I need you here with me we look for our love but we dont find it im searching and searching, I really need you here with me boy were going Round-and Round!
Marilyn Monroe|Hollywood is a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss and fifty cents for your soul. I know, because I turned down the first offer often enough and held out for the fifty cents.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Humans are pretty complicated,” I said. “No, Boy. Rain-forest ecosystems are complicated. Humans are just a mess.
Mark Epstein, The Trauma of Everyday Life|There is no miserable place waiting for you, no hell realm, sitting and waiting like Alaska—waiting to turn you into ice cream. But whatever you call it—hell or the suffering realms—it is something that you enter by creating a world of neurotic fantasy and believing it to be real. It sounds simple, but that's exactly what happens.
William Sarabande, Walkers of the Wind|Almost as soon as it was lit it began to sound as though it were running down, but in fact it would continue to run down for a long time. He knew the feeling.
John James Audubon|I wasn't a spy. I'd have been spotted in five seconds. Yes, I was in intelligence, but that covered a multitude of things.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I died as a mineral and became a plant,I died as a plant and rose to animal,I died as an animal and I was Man.Why should I fear? When was I less by dying?
John Steinbeck|This life is full of signs, many of which find their way to you exactly when you need them most.
Anthony Bloom, Beginning to Pray|To pluck a flower means to take possession of it, and it also means to kill it.
Auberon Herbert|If by worshipping stones one can find God, I shall worship a mountain. If by immersion in the water salvation be attained, the frogs who bathe continually would attain it. As the frogs, so are these men, again and again fall into the womb.
Baptist de Pape, The Power Of The Heart: Finding Your True Purpose|When I intentionally thank God for the good gifts that come from being his child, I find it almost impossible to maintain my sour disposition.
Billy Corgan|I know some people say I can be funny. But there is always a deeper meaning to what I say. I am a socialist at heart and have the interests of the poor in mind. When people see how I manage to work my way out of tough situations, it gives them hope in their own life.
Marion Roach Smith, The Memoir Project: A Thoroughly Non-Standardized Text for Writing & Life|T.S. Eliot said to me 'There’s only one way a poet can develop his actual writing – apart from self-criticism & continual practice. And that is by reading other poetry aloud – and it doesn’t matter whether he understands it or not (i.e. even if it’s in another language.) What matters above all, is educating the ear.' What matters, is to connect your own voice with an infinite range of verbal cadences & sequences – and only endless actual experience of your ear can store all that in your nervous system. The rest can be left to your life & your character.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|A drop in the bucket, a tear in the ocean, you’ve been treading cold water, memorizing the motion just to stay afloat.
Paul Harvey|If I were the Devil . . . I mean, if I were the Prince of Darkness, I would of course, want to engulf the whole earth in darkness. I would have a third of its real estate and four-fifths of its population, but I would not be happy until I had seized the ripest apple on the tree, so I should set about however necessary to take over the United States. I would begin with a campaign of whispers. With the wisdom of a serpent, I would whisper to you as I whispered to Eve: “Do as you please.” “Do as you please.” To the young, I would whisper, “The Bible is a myth.” I would convince them that man created God instead of the other way around. I would confide that what is bad is good, and what is good is “square”. In the ears of the young marrieds, I would whisper that work is debasing, that cocktail parties are good for you. I would caution them not to be extreme in religion, in patriotism, in moral conduct. And the old, I would teach to pray. I would teach them to say after me: “Our Father, which art in Washington” . . .If I were the devil, I’d educate authors in how to make lurid literature exciting so that anything else would appear dull an uninteresting. I’d threaten T.V. with dirtier movies and vice versa. And then, if I were the devil, I’d get organized. I’d infiltrate unions and urge more loafing and less work, because idle hands usually work for me. I’d peddle narcotics to whom I could. I’d sell alcohol to ladies and gentlemen of distinction. And I’d tranquilize the rest with pills. If I were the devil, I would encourage schools to refine yound intellects but neglect to discipline emotions . . . let those run wild. I would designate an athiest to front for me before the highest courts in the land and I would get preachers to say “she’s right.” With flattery and promises of power, I could get the courts to rule what I construe as against God and in favor of pornography, and thus, I would evict God from the courthouse, and then from the school house, and then from the houses of Congress and then, in His own churches I would substitute psychology for religion, and I would deify science because that way men would become smart enough to create super weapons but not wise enough to control them.If I were Satan, I’d make the symbol of Easter an egg, and the symbol of Christmas, a bottle. If I were the devil, I would take from those who have and I would give to those who wanted, until I had killed the incentive of the ambitious. And then, my police state would force everybody back to work. Then, I could separate families, putting children in uniform, women in coal mines, and objectors in slave camps. In other words, if I were Satan, I’d just keep on doing what he’s 
Franz Kafka, The Trial|It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
Cate Campbell Beatty, Donor 23|There's a theme that appears in much of your work," I say to Maurice on my last visit to Connecticut, "and I can only hint at it because it's difficult to formulate or describe. It has something to do with the lines: 'As I went over the water/the water went over me' [from As I Went over the Water] or 'I'm in the milk and the milk's in me' [from Night Kitchen].""Obviously I have one theme, and it's even in the book I'm working on right now. It's not that I have such original ideas, just that I'm good at doing variations on the same idea over and over again. You can't imagine how relieved I was to find out that Henry James admitted he had only a couple of themes and that all of his books were based on them. That's all we need as artists - one power-driven fantasy or obsession, then to be clever enough to do variations… like a series of variations by Mozart. They're so good that you forget they're based on one theme. The same things draw me, the same images…""What is this one obsession?""I'm not about to tell you - not because it's a secret, but because I can't verbalize it.""There's a line by Bob Dylan in 'Just Like a Woman' which talks about being 'inside the rain.'""Inside the rain?""When it's raining outside," I explain, "I often feel inside myself, as if I were inside the rain… as if the rain were my self. That's the sense I get from Dylan's image and from your books as well.""It's strange you say that," Maurice answers, "because rain has become one of the potent images of my new book. It sort of scares me that you mentioned that line. Maybe that's what rain means. It's such an important ingredient in this new work, and I've never understood what it meant. There was a thing about me and rain when I was a child: if I could summon it up in one sentence, I'd be happy to. It's such connected tissue…
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|till, silently￼without one peep, the angels come, their watch to keep.￼They'll hold you safe while dreaming deep. The pillow cool beneath your head,￼all star lit is your feather bed which glides the moonbeams like a sled,￼above towns which glitter blue and red.
noehen, Octavius|Because I could feel you, I was drowning with you.
Francis Chan|You can look for external sources of motivation and that can catalyze a change, but it won't sustain one. It has to be from an internal desire.
Magda Alexander, Storm Ravaged|A zing travels up my arm from the contact. My nostrils flare, and I catch a whiff of her female scent. She may not wear perfume, but there’s a bewitching essence to her that ensnares my senses.
Heather Johann|I can sleep anywhere. Planes. Trains. Sofa. Lawn chairs. Call it the upside to my life as an army brat. Never having a home means, I guess, that everywhere is your home. There is absolutely no place I'm anxious to return to. But this is different.I'm not trying to fall asleep in someplace new; I'm trying to fall asleep in someplace that's old.
Harvey Milk|The fact is that more people have been slaughtered in the name of religion than for any other single reason. That, that my friends, that is true perversion!
Adam Young Owl City  Cave In|If the bombs go off the sun will still be shining, because I've heard it said thatevery mushroom cloud has a silver lining.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Everyone is drinking. She can feel them out there drinking, turning into beasts.
Plutarch, Plutarch's Lives, Vol 1|What identifies an individual as a king is how other people behave towards him. All authority is assumed, and if other people don't accept your authority then you don't have it. Perhaps the critical thing to being a convincing figure of authority is actually not to try too hard.
Natalie Massenet|Brits and Americans have hundreds of different phrases for the same thing. Luckily, it's usually a source of amusement rather than frustration. A flashlight by any other name is still a torch. My personal favourite is 'fairy lights,' which we boringly refer to as 'Christmas lights.'
Bryan Talbot, Cherubs!|These are the folk who may pass into the kingdom of heaven: the grief-stricken, lovers, scholars of a certain obsessive disposition. Brute beasts. Women who have become as men and men who have become as women. Writers of books with long titles. Only those knights who have failed to touch the Grail. Industrious women. You, and I, and a boy named Oleg, and a girl with blue hair.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story|The difference between those who adapted and those who didn't, Gorton said, was a willingness to totally commit.
Philip K. Dick, We Can Build You|You're impossible," she told him. "Of course I am," he answered. "It's part of my charm.
Lorrie Moore, Bark: Stories|If you had forgotten, it would quickly come back to you. Aloneness was like riding a bike. At gunpoint. With the gun in your own hand. Aloneness was the air in your tires, the wind in your hair. You didn't have to go looking for it with open arms. With open arms, you fell off the bike: I was drinking my wine too quickly.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|When a man's friend wins, a little piece of him dies.
Charles Grant|My friends, tonight we bring you something entirely different. Something special. The poets will rest, the sonnets will be silent, and what words of love there are will not be spoken. Tonight, my friends, and I can hear you out there, sitting alone, like me, in your chairs, your beds, driving down an empty street with no one but me to listen to your weeping; tonight, I'm going to bring you Armageddon.
Kyrian Lyndon, Deadly Veils Book One Provenance of Bondage|I just want to always be here. In this place. Right here, right now.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Prostitution has the same relationship to trafficking as sex has to rape. One is voluntary, the other is not
Peter Singer, Rethinking Life and Death|We have examined a number of ethical issues. We have seen that many accepted practices are open to serious objections. What ought we to do about it? This, too, is an ethical issue.
Bernard Meltzer|We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
J.B. Cheaney|Some part of me knew that I could play this part well, or better than well. But I was almost afraid to play it. The line between stage and life was so fragile here that I felt a risk of losing myself somehow.
A.D. Rahman Ahmad|Dalam aku senang berkawan, aku suka bersendirian. Diam dari jauh memerhatikan, siapa kawan, siapa sebenarnya lawan.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|God Doesn’t Take Delight in Earthly Sacrifices Without Spiritual Connotation, but He Takes Pleasure in Total Submission
James Patterson|Every time you get into a new job, new location, you have an amazing opportunity in front of you. You get to play dumb for as long as people will allow you to play dumb. You get to ask all the dumb questions, you get to ask multiple people the dumb questions, and you get to make mistakes. That's how you stand out in the crowd.
Mark Kelly|I was born behind the Iron Curtain, and I remember heated discussions about large-scale terra-forming projects, such as reversing the direction of the river Ob or putting up large reflectors into space to heat up Siberia.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|Revolution does have to be violent precisely because the Pharaoh won't let you go. If the Pharaoh would let you go, the revolution won't have to be violent.
Lisa Kessler, Breath of Passion|He shook his head, a smile tugging at his lips. “Two hours isn’t going to be enough time.”	She grinned, rocking her hips. “We’d better make it count.
Sandra Cisneros|I'm not saying I'm not bad. I'm not saying I'm special. But I'm not like the Allport Street girls, who stand in doorways and go with men into alleys.All I know is I didn't want it like that. Not against the bricks or hunkering in somebody's car. I wanted it come undone like gold thread, like a tent full of birds.
C.L. Currie|Everything in the universe is a work of art. Every living creature a story. You should hang out in a museum or art gallery sometime and listen to the comments and conversations. They’re no different than any other time or anywhere else. Existence is art.” (Derek in "The Supernatural Prodigy")
Ingmar Bergman|When you get frisked by the police at the age of 10, and they empty your schoolbag out in the street and kick your books around and calling you names because of where you live, you just get an anger towards everyone who is outside of your neighborhood.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|Crotch biting menace:I have my mouth in close proximity to your genitals.Oh thou man who talks to my mistress over coffee.Do not irk or trifle with me! I possess but one tooth, oh, yes, for the rest were buried long ago in the flesh of sinners.Behold my jaws, upper and lower in righteous, symmetrical poverty.Move not, man of clocks, and heed my mistress, for she cherishes me, even in my foul old age.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Divorce runs high these days, but I’m an exception to the norm. I got divorced when marriage was still popular.
Simon Kuznets|It is my belief that no matter how advanced man may become in science, technology, systems, and knowledge, he can never improve on the foundational precepts of marriage as the bedrock of social development.
Nancy Straight, Blood Debt|I had to stop him from arresting an old lady who let her dog urinate against the fire hydrant that was in front of Burgerville headquarters."You'll blow our cover.""But what if there is a fire?""The fire department will come and put it out," I said."With what?""Water," I said."Not from that hydrant," Monk said. "It's inoperable.""No, it's not," I said. "It can still be used.""There is urine all over it," Monk said. "no fireman would dare touch it, nor would any other human being.""Firefighters run into burning buildings," I said."They aren't going to care about some dog pee on a fire hydrant.""They would if they knew," Monk said. "We should call and warn them. Call Joe right now. He can get the word out faster than we can.""Every fire hydrant in the city has dog pee on it, Mr. Monk. It's how dogs mark their territory. I can guarantee you that every male dog that has passed that hydrant has pissed on it."He looked at me, wide eyed, "No.""It's what dogs do," I said. "The firefighters knows this."Monk swallowed hard. "And they still use the hydrants?""Of course they do.""They are the bravest men on earth," Monk said solemnly.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World|I had a good time that night, too," Michael said, "but I kept thinking, This is forever. This is forever. You will have this good time again and again, a million times over, until it will be like a play in which you and Laura and a few fugitive lives sit around an imaginary fire and talk and sing songs and love each other and sometimes throw imaginary brands at the eyes blinking beyond the circle of imaginary firelight. And then I thought - and this is where I sounded just like a real philosopher - And even when you admit that you know every line in the play and every song that will be sung, even when you know that this evening spent with friends is pleasant and joyful because you remember it as pleasant and joyful and wouldn't change it for the world, even when you know that anything you feel for these good friends has no more reality than a dream faithfully remembered every night for a thousand years - even then it goes on. Even then it has just begun.
Michael Smith, The Present|If you invoke faith as justification for your belief, you must accept the same from others. And every person who retreats to faith bears a measure of responsibility for every act of hate and violence justified by it.
Bernard Beckett|Superstition is the need to view the world in terms of simple cause and effect. As I have already said, religious fundamentalism was on the rise, but that is not the type of superstition I am referring to. The superstition that held sway at the time was a belief in simple causes. Even the plainest of events is tied down by a thick tangle of permutation and possibility, but the human mind struggles with such complexity. In times of trouble, when the belief in simple gods breaks down, a cult of conspiracy arises. So it was back then. Unable to attribute misfortune to chance, unable to accept their ultimate insignificance within the greater scheme, the people looked for monsters in their midst. The more the media peddled fear, the more the people lost the ability to believe in one another. For every new ill that befell them, the media created an explanation, and the explanation always had a face and a name. The people came to fear even their closest neighbors. At the level of the individual, the community, and the nation, people sought signs of others’ ill intentions; and everywhere they looked, they found them, for this is what looking does. This was the true challenge the people of this time faced. The challenge of trusting one another. And they fell short
Arthur Laffer|Stay out of the sun, because it is the worst thing in terms of aging. I'm very medical. I come from a medical family.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|From above you could see the chaos of entangled plots on the other side of the road, and a couple of tough tethered goats, and the glint of a frozen pond somewhere in the trees. Above them the sun was shining vaguely through the milky November sky, old but strong. In April – between the thaw and the jungly green explosion of summer – or in raw mid-October, I bet the same view would have been barren and depressing. But when we stood there all the bits of old tractors and discarded refrigerators, the shoals of empty vodka bottles and dead animals that tend to litter the Russian countryside were invisible, smothered by the annual oblivion of the snow. The snow let you forget the scars and blemishes, like temporary amnesia for a bad conscience.
Hayley DiMarco|How can we who are so weak in ourselves, so inferior in power to the enemies confronting us, bear up under our trials which are so numerous, so protracted, so crushing? We could not, and therefore Divine grace has provided for us an all-sufficient Helper. Without His aid we had long since succumbed, mastered by our trials. Hope looks forward to the Glory to come; in the weary interval of waiting, the Spirit supports our poor hearts and keeps grace alive within us.
Marc Morial|The smaller the planets are, they are, other things being equal, of so much the greater density; for so the powers of gravity on their several surfaces come nearer to equality. They are likewise, other things being equal, of the greater density, as they are nearer to the sun.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Up and up they went, still a cable's length apart; but slowly, for the ape was footsore and despondent. As for Stephen, by the sixth-hundred step his calves and thighs were ready to burst, and at each rise now they forced themselves upon his attention. Up and up, up and up until the ridge was no great way off at last. But before they reached it, the path took another turn; and when he too came round the corner he was on top of the ape. She was sitting on a stone, resting her feet. He scarcely knew what to do; it seemed an intrusion. 'God be with you, ape.' he said in Irish, which in his confusion seemed more appropriate.
Kelli McCracken, Heartstrings|Sometimes we place faith in the wrong people for the right reasons. We're too blind to their faults, and they're too blind to appreciate us.—Brighton Hayes
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|All over the world there are enormous numbers of smart, even gifted, people who harbor a passion for science. But that passion is unrequited. Surveys suggest that some 95 percent of Americans are “scientifically illiterate.” That’s just the same fraction as those African Americans, almost all of them slaves, who were illiterate just before the Civil War—when severe penalties were in force for anyone who taught a slave to read. Of course there’s a degree of arbitrariness about any determination of illiteracy, whether it applies to language or to science. But anything like 95 percent illiteracy is extremely serious.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|True love is rare, and it's the only thing that gives life real meaning.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Mary Ann Rivers, Snowfall|I don't mind the dark, and because it's Christmas, we've been busy putting lights up everywhere. High, so everyone knows we're okay.
Donald Driver|If I have one addiction in life, it's probably food.
Rick Perry|Poesy must not be drawn by the ears: it must be gently led, or rather, it must lead, which was partly the cause that made the ancient learned affirm it was a divine, and no human skill, since all other knowledges lie ready for any that have strength of wit; a poet no industry can make, if his own genius be not carried into it.
Emiliano Campuzano, Cielo Por Tu Luz|I realised I really didn’t know what I was doing and I felt her trace drowning in the middle of the cars and the people, in the middle of the streets and far away, in the secrets she so jealously kept.I felt it. We were ever so close, ever so far.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Ordinary courage is about putting our vulnerability on the line. In today’s world, that’s pretty extraordinary.
James MacDonald, Vertical Church: What Every Heart Longs for. What Every Church Can Be.|It is very difficult sometimes to keep awake, especially at church, but there is no difficulty at all about sleeping.
D.S. Wrights, The Beast In Me|In the end, the train stood 2 hours motionless in the middle of nowhere.Every minute seemed like an eternity.Time felt crept by slowly, with clear malice towards me. All I could do was grip my teeth and try to hold back my tears...Akari... Please, don't wait for me...If you'd just go home.
CrimethInc.|Within a diverse swarm of individuals and small groups, resistance can be anywhere and anything; everywhere and all the time.
Zechariah Barrett|...teaching is, after all, a form of show business.
Herman Melville|Visitors offering their condolences, thinking to comfort me, said "Life goes on." What nonsense, I thought, of course it doesn't. It's death that goes on; Ian is dead now and will be dead tomorrow and next year and forever. There's no end to that. But perhaps there will be an end to the sorrow of it.
Lewis Carroll, The Letters of Lewis Carroll: 2 Vols.|Mud Slinging is so much fun,when you do it to others. But remember the day someone else does the same to you,youll realise how bad the mud in your mouth tastes. Think twice before you go around ruining the reputation of others. Because what goes around comes around for sure.
Cory Doctorow, Little Brother|In the first place, most princes apply themselves to the arts of war, in which I have neither ability nor interest, instead of to the good arts of peace. They are generally more set on acquiring new kingdoms by hook or by crook than on governing well those that they already have.
Joseph Fort Newton, The Lost Symbol|Time is a river...and books are boats. Many volumes start down that stream, only to be wrecked and lost beyond recall in its sands. Only a few, a very few, endure the testings of time and live to bless the ages following.
Santiago Ramón y Cajal|There's someone in my head, but it's not me."Pink FloydDavid Eagleman
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Take it from me: If you hear the past speaking to you, feel it tugging up your back and runing its fingers up your spine, the best thing to do-the only thing-is run.
Catherine de Hueck Doherty, Sobornost: Experiencing Unity of Mind, Heart and Soul|It's through the cross that we reach the resurrection. We should be absolutely sure of this truth, and we should keep this cross hidden and not place it on the shoulders of others. It is our cross we have to carry. It is the one God has given us to go through into His resurrection. This is the one we should keep hidden.But there are crosses and crosses, some of our own making. These we should immediately discard. Some permitted by God for our sanctification. These we can share for they are also for the sanctification of others. True, we can help to carry other people's crosses and they can help to carry our crosses, but the operative word is "hidden."The Lord said, "So when you give to the needy, do not announce it with trumpets as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and on the streets, to be honoured by men," and "When you fast, put oil on your head and wash your face, so that it will not be obvious to men that you are fasting, but only to your Father, who is unseen; and your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you." (Mt 6:16-18)Our very hiddenness becomes a light if we do not complain, if we carry our cross manfully, ready to help in the carrying of other people's crosses. Then we become a light to our neighbour's feet because we become an icon of Christ—shining!
Robert C. O'Brien, Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH|Imagine you’re diagnosed with epilepsy: what would you think if you weren’t referred to a specialist but taken to a psychiatrist to treat you for your ‘false illness beliefs’?This is what happens to Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (ME) patients in the UK. They are told to ignore their symptoms, view themselves as healthy, and increase their exercise. The NHS guidelines amalgamate ME and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, assuming symptoms are caused by deconditioning and ‘exercise phobia’. Sufferers are offered Graded Exercise to increase fitness, and Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) to rid them of their ‘false illness beliefs’.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|A little hatred goes a long, long way. It grows and grows. And it’s hungry. You keep feeding it more and more people, and the more it gets, the more it wants. It’s never satisfied. And pretty soon it squeezes all the love out of your heart and all you’ll have left is a hateful heart.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If that church is not adding value to your life, you may want to reconsider how often you go to church.
Jillian Dodd, Kiss Me|He parked the car, pressed the button for the roof to fold back, and undid his seat belt. "It's an emergency."Goldilocks giggled. She unfastened her belt and hopped onto her knees. "Yes, I can see" - she glanced down at his crotch - "That we're in danger of a detonation. What's the protocol in a situation like this, Mr. Environmentalist?""I'm afraid I have no choice but to advocate for release.
Paul Benedetti|I have high hopes for the book and have already made a down payment on a Ferrari. Well, it’s actually a small metal model of a Ferrari, kind of like a Dinky Toy, but a little bit bigger.
Akif Kichloo|People often compare depression to drowning. That is not even close. Consider sitting in a dark roomscared and confused—Choking on something you know nothing about,For reasons you cannot comprehend.That is depression. When you are drowning, you can still flail your arms,call for help, and try your best to keep afloat.In depression, you do nothing.Absolutely nothing.
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|...it was just a version of Rimbaud in Harar: the exile, a selfish beast with modest fantasies of power, secretly enjoying a life of beer drinking and scribbling and occasional mythomania in a nice climate where there were no interruptions, such as unwelcome letters or faxes or cell phones. It was an eccentric ideal, life lived off the map.¨
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|It's not a mental complaint-it's a physical thing, like it's physically hard to open your mouth and make the words come out. ... you stumble on them as they gather behind your lower lip. So you just keep quiet.
Marissa Meyer, Cinder|Since I've moved here, you have shown up at my door eight times. I obey the laws, I pay my taxes, and I haven't even gotten a parking ticket in my entire time as a driver. Yet if anything at all happens in the neighborhood, you appear at my door. I bet if a meteorite fell somewhere in the subdivision, you would be here asking me if I personally launched it out of my doomsday cannon.
George Santayana|A nickname is the heaviest stone that the devil can throw at a man. It is a bugbear to the imagination, and, though we do not believe in it, it still haunts our apprehensions.
David Bergen, The Age of Hope|Hope had finally learned to live in the present. Often, when she found herself in a space of tremendous comfort, usually out in nature, or when her children were safe all around her and on the verge of going to bed, she forced herself to take stock. Here you are, Hope, she told herself. What a beautiful moment. You may never again be here at this spot, enjoying the calm. This habit of hers, to acknowledge the immediate and elusive joy of the present, kept her sane.
Chris Hughes|I got to get the right people in the right job. Because a lot of costs can be taken out in the context of your administration without the legislature. For example, using technology to do more with less. Using technology to fight fraud. Reorganizing and streamlining can be done within the context of the administration.
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|There is an ecstasy that marks the summit of life, and beyond which life cannot rise. And such is the paradox of living, this ecstasy comes when one is most alive, and it comes as a complete forgetfulness that one is alive. This ecstasy, this forgetfulness of living, comes to the artist, caught up and out of himself in a sheet of flame; it comes to the soldier, war-mad in a stricken field and refusing quarter; and it came to Buck, leading the pack, sounding the old wolf-cry, straining after the food that was alive and that fled swiftly before him through the moonlight.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel to be replenished with beauty, for travel makes the beauty of this world seem like a Christmas that never ends.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|Life is choice. All day, everyday. Who we talk to, where we sit, what we say, how we say it. And our lives become defined by our choices. It's as simple and as complex as that. And as powerful. so when I'm observing that's what I'm watching for. The choices people make
Elizabeth E. Castillo|It’s okay. It may not seem like it right now, but you are going to be fine. I know it’s scary, but don’t be afraid. You are who you are, and you should love that person, and I don’t want anyone to have to go through 22 years of their life afraid to accept that.
Nigel Barker|Working hard is great, being lazy sometimes is great, but failed potential is the worst.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Evangelism is more than simply encouraging decisions for Christ. It is urging people to become disciples—followers—of Jesus Christ. As such, the evangelist has a responsibility to make growth in discipleship possible for those who come to faith under his ministry.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|If your art is calling to you, its doing so for a reason. You are feeling a pull toward something for which your soul is yearning.
Elliott Abrams|People invest in businesses that they believe have the leadership, mission and team to grow and operate profitably.
Shannon L. Alder|I would fight every angel between us until God said, "Yes.
Manna Francis, First Against the Wall|I did the searching and remembering, she did the disappearing and the forgetting.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Worldliness is actually a spirit, an atmosphere, an influence permeating the whole of life and human society, and it needs to be guarded against constantly and strenuously.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|The law of karma is like the wind—blowing on all. Whether you are good or evil, bright or dim, kind or unkind, there is no escaping the effects of your thoughts and the actions that arise from those thoughts. In fact, the onlydifference between the wise and the ignorant is that an illuminated mind erects windmills while the ignorant mind builds weather vanes.
Eknath Easwaran, Passage Meditation: Bringing the Deep Wisdom of the Heart into Daily Life|Lovers of God possess intense concentration. In prayer their attention rivets itself so completely onto God that nothing can tear it away. Even a suggestion of the divine may draw them into a higher state of consciousness. Occasionally this can be somewhat inconvenient. Sri Ramakrishna once went to see a religious drama produced by his disciple. The curtain went up and a character started singing the praises of the Lord. Sri Ramakrishna immediately began to enter the supreme state of consciousness. The stage faded; the actors and actresses faded. As only a great mystic can, he uttered a protest: "I come here, Lord, to see a play staged by my disciple, and you send me into ecstasy. I won't let it happen!" And he started saying over and over, "Money... money...money," so as to keep some awareness of the temporal world.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|While you've been gadding about the countryside, we've held a meeting, and we've all of us decided that you must go.'In short, we've voted you out of the family,' Daffy said. 'It was unanimous.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|Existence is tedious, anyway.
Karen Armstrong, Twelve Steps to a Compassionate Life|Compassion dervies from the Latin patiri and the Greek pathein, meaning "to suffer, undergo or experience." So "compassion" means "to endure [something] with another person," to put ourselves in somebody else's shoes, to feel her pain as though it were our own, and to enter generously into his point of view. That is why our hearts, discover what gives us pain, and then refuse, under any circumstance whatsoever, to inflict that pain on anybody else. Compassion can be defined, therefore, as an attitude of principled, consistent altruism.
William  Hageman|The Y Chromosome, organized religion and money are the roots of all evil.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|She will not bow her head to any woman or man, so why, indeed, should she bow to a needle?
Baruch Spinoza, Spinoza in der europäischen Geistesgeschichte|If you knew how much work went into it, you wouldn't call it genius. 
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Takes Manhattan|If I behave as though this is a completely normal situation, then maybe it will be ...
Anthony Kimani|The touch of his fingertips on my back is like a great cellist brushing the strings of his instrument, or a watchmaker turning a tiny screw invisible to the naked eye. The feeling is erotic, magical, and I just want to go home and go to bed.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall Volume I|I wished to tell the truth, for truth always conveys its own moral to those who are able to receive it.
James Cameron|Oh eyes, no eyes, but fountains fraught with tears; O life, no life, but lively form of death; Oh world, no world, but mass of public wrongs.
Lillian E. Smith, One Hour|I keep thinking about the fragmented quality of human awareness: You take your blindness for granted most of the time then suddenly it stuns you: how little you see as you plunge ahead from minute to minute, day to day, year to year - vision cut down to the arc of a flickering flashlight, never sure how your words and acts are affecting someone else because you never really see that someone as he is. I know we should find even the most serene life unendurable were we to possess to any real degree those extrasensory perceptions which our grandmothers believed in...
Mike Johanns|Economics should be defined in terms of what it is about. It should be about how people produce things, how people exchange them, how people earn income, how they pay taxes, how the government provides infrastructure with tax revenue, and how it conducts monetary policy. The subject has to be defined in terms of the object of inquiry.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Everything is possible, but where can I find everything?!
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|There’s no such thing as an unbreakable scientific rule, because, sooner or later, they all seem to get broken. Or to change.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|If you can't appreciate the full worth of my courage, you can't admire my mastery.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|She glanced down and gasped, and her arms slapped into place to cover all her most interesting bits. He grinned. The robe and gown were sheer and he had not spun undergarments.She scowled. "This is not what I would call being 'very, very good.'""That is a matter of perspective, shei'tani. From where I'm standing, it looks very, very good indeed.
Kenneth Eade, PALADINE|As he stretched out his legs, Siraj let out a deep sigh and smiled. I wonder what Prince Bahir’s blonde surprise will be wearing. I'm guessing it won't be a habiya.
Christine Warren, You're So Vein|Committing suicide essentially said to friends and loved ones and the world at large that you were the only thing that mattered, that your problems were hopeless that you deserved to escape from them and to hell with everyone else.Suicide was nothing more than a way to look in the eye of the people who loved you and say, "My pain is paramount and I want it to end. The pain you will feel when I am gone, and the guilt you will experience at not having been able to stop me, do not matter to me. I am willing for you to suffer for the rest of your life so that I can take the easy way out of mine.
H.L. Mencken|America, to me, should be shouting all the time, a bunch of shouting voices, most of them wrong, some of them nuts, but please, not just one droning glamourous reasonable voice.
Alice MIller, The Drama of the gifted child|My sisters and I stand on the deck, the shale tile cool against the soles of our feet - for a week it seems we never have to wear shoes - and take turns twirling, the matching turquoise silk skirts my mother bought us sliding coolly up our legs, our laughter flying out over the ocean. We are all light and happy and far, far away from home.
|The roughness and toughness of the road that leads to success, make its prize very valuable.
Thea Harrison, Moonshadow|I don’t know,” she lied. “I need a few days to think it over.”	Even as she said it, she knew she was going to take the offer. Hell, she might even escape from whatever dark menace haunted her rune readings lately, along with the owner of that predatory, handsome face.	Or if she went, she could be running right toward it. Toward him.	Ah, well. You’ can’t fix stupid. And you can’t heal crazy.
|Just like breathing and eating, having gratitude for your big and small blessings is another thing that you should never live your life without.
Christos Tsiolkas, The Slap|It is possible the world is divided into three genders - there are men, there are women and then there are women who choose to have nothing to do with children. How about men without children, he answered quickly, aren't they also different from fathers? She shook her head firmly, daring him to contradict her: no, all men are the same.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|I fear for the world the Internet is creating. Before the advent of the web, if you wanted to sustain a belief in far-fetched ideas, you had to go out into the desert, or live on a compound in the mountains, or move from one badly furnished room to another in a series of safe houses. Physical reality—the discomfort and difficulty of abandoning one’s normal life—put a natural break on the formation of cults, separatist colonies, underground groups, apocalyptic churches, and extreme political parties.  But now, without leaving home, from the comfort of your easy chair, you can divorce yourself from the consensus on what constitutes “truth.” Each person can live in a private thought bubble, reading only those websites that reinforce his or her desired beliefs, joining only those online groups that give sustenance when the believer’s courage flags.
Ron Eglash|After about the first Millennium, Italy was the cradle of Romanesque architecture, which spread throughout Europe, much of it extending the structural daring with minimal visual elaboration.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Regardless of your upbringing orformative experiences, it is never toolate to start believing in yourself.
Amit Kalantri|Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
Hermann Hesse|Given the consumer-pleasing politics of today's universities, I have, in effect, seventy new bosses each semester; they're sitting at the desk in front of me.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|You see, I am trying in all my stories to get the feeling of the actual life across - not to just depict life - or criticize it - but to actually make it alive. So that when you have read something by me, you actually experience the thing. You can't do this without putting in the bad and the ugly as well as what is beautiful.
Frank Lloyd Wright|In graduate school, I decide to write my doctoral thesis on how Italian architecture influenced English playwrights of the seventeenth century. I wonder why certain playwrights decided to set their tragedies, written in English, in Italian palaces.
Adam Kirk Smith|Instead of thinking that you always need to do bigger things, learn to do the small things in better ways.
Miguel de Cervantes|People who honestly mean to be true really contradict themselves much more rarely than those who try to be "consistent."
Yaganesh Derasari|When You Are Just You,People Will Always Bring Themselves.
Latin quote|Aut viam inveniam aut faciam.""I shall either find away, or make one
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Waterfall|You could have died later on, you could have died after peace had been declared. But, in any case, you were going to die.
Ulysses Brave|If government is to respect people's autonomy, or to treat them with dignity, it should not deprive them of freedom. It should treat them as adults, rather than children or infants.
Pope John Paul I, Illustrissimi: Letters from Pope John Paul I|Do I have to admit that I'm half Cuban and half American,or should I go even further, and explainthat Dad's parents were born in the Ukraine,part of Soviet Russia?Or am I just entirely American,all the fractions left behindby immigration from faraway nations?
Lisa Tolliver|I had to be the world's biggest loser, writing about hair, and stuff about my body. No wonder I stopped keeping a journal. It was like keeping a record of my own stupidity. Why would I want to do that?
Gennifer Albin, Teaching Roman|For sensible men I prepare only three kraters: one for health (which they drink first), the second for love and pleasure, and the third for sleep. After the third one is drained, wise men go home. The fourth krater is not mine any more - it belongs to bad behaviour; the fifth is for shouting; the sixth is for rudeness and insults; the seventh is for fights; the eighth is for breaking the furniture; the ninth is for depression; the tenth is for madness and unconsciousness.
Nicholas Sparks|love, I've come to understand is more than three words mumbled before bedtime.
Joseph Bologna|Unlike a lot of people, I don't feel powerless. I know I can do something. But anyone can do something, it's not about being special. It's about deciding to do it - to dive into work for peace and justice and care for everybody on the planet.
Sherry Thomas|Just that I have loved you, even when I was nothing and no one to you, when you didn’t know my name and barely knew my face.- Leo
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Money does not change the sickness, only the symptoms.
Andrea Lochen|Here's where redesign begins in earnest, where we stop trying to be less bad and we start figuring out how to be good.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|I am a fool with a heart but no brains, and you are a fool with brains but no heart; and we’re both unhappy, and we both suffer.
Sarah Rayner, One Moment, One Morning|In short, I ran away. I was about to fall in love. Aside from being opposed to getting involved with a guy, I'm a dried-up old man, just like he said. He's too dazzling to be with me. He's beyond me.
Helen Keller|My husband wasn't listening when the doctor asked for "a urine  stool  and semen sample" . . . so I just told him they wanted his shorts.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|If you do politics the right way, I believe, you can actually make people's lives better. And integrity is the minimum ante to get into the game.
Steven A. Seidman, Posters, Propaganda, and Persuasion in Election Campaigns Around the World and Through History|Yet, some things do not change. Overall, designers have stayed with techniques that work—in different countries and historical periods. Flagg’s 'I Want You for U.S. Army' design in World War I, with 'Uncle Sam' looking directly at the viewer and pointing a finger at him, was derived from a British poster produced three years earlier; in the British poster, Secretary of State for War Lord Kitchener is pointing a finger at British males, with the words 'Wants You, Join Your Country’s Army! God Save The King.' Other countries—Italy, Hungary, Germany, Great Britain, Canada, France, the Irish Parliamentary Party, the Red Army in Russia, and later, the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War—designed similar posters. The British applied the same design idea in World War II, featuring Prime Minister Winston Churchill, instead of Kitchener, in the same pose; the U.S. Democratic Party resurrected Flagg’s Uncle Sam image, including it in an election poster for Franklin D. Roosevelt. In the decades that followed, however, anti-war protest groups issued satires of Flagg’s 'I Want You' poster, with 'Uncle Sam' in a variety of poses: pointing a gun at the audience; making the 'peace sign,' bandaged and accompanied by the slogan 'I Want Out'; as a skeleton, with a target superimposed on him; and with the 'bad breath' of airplanes dropping bombs on houses in his mouth.
J.L. Ewen|No one has the right to hear the gospel twice, while there remains someone who has not heard it once.
Octavio Paz|Admiration of great men, living or dead, naturally evokes imitation of them in a greater or less degree.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|—¿Qué quería? —dije tan fresca como pude. Pero sin mirarla, sin girarme.—Supongo que hablar contigo, justificarse el muy gilipollas —Grace lo odiaba y de su odio hay que cuidarse. Si quería vengarme de Marc solo debía asentir y ella lo entendería. En dos días los medios hablarían de cualquier cosa que lo desprestigiara y estaría acabado. No era la periodista de más peso, el periódico del que era editora era muy respetable. Pero ella no iba a exponerse, la chica tiene enchufe. Que lo diga yo que gracias a sus contactos trabajaba donde trabajaba.—Ya. ¿Qué le dijiste?—Que se largara si no quería que clavara el tacón de mis zapatos en sus elitistas y traicioneros huevos.Tragué saliva, casi me reí.Era capaz, de Grace me esperaba todo.—¿Qué zapatos tenías?—Unos Louboutin muy puntiagudos.Imaginar la escena me hizo gracia. Seguro que Marc le miró los zapatos primero.—Los únicos que tienes e ibas a perderlos así…—Nunca podrían haber sido mejor usados, te lo aseguro.—Imagino que tu amenaza lo mantendrá a raya —soné muy borde, no era mi intención. Tampoco la de retractarme.—No lo sé, pero Salo se encargó de darle un par de dolorosas razones para no volver. Aunque ya sabemos que el cabrón tiene más cara que espalda.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|Shani Chalisa॥दोहा॥ Dohaजय-जय श्री शनिदेव प्रभु, सुनहु विनय महराज।करहुं कृपा हे रवि तनय, राखहु जन की लाज॥Shani Maharaj, glory to you with sincerity,Listen to my prayers I request humbly,Bestow your grace and protect me fully,Keep respect and honour of your devotees.- 341 -
Bob Sorge, Glory: When Heaven Invades Earth|The nature of the enemy's warfare in your life is to cause you to become discouraged and to cast away your confidence. Not that you would necessarily discard your salvation, but you could give up your hope of God's deliverance. The enemy wants to numb you into a coping kind of Christianity that has given up hope of seeing God's resurrection power.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|My mother was a voice of reason, a reminder that they had to stay focused and fully assess the situation. Her composure calmed everybody; her strong manner inspired them. This, I realized, was how a leader behaved.
Lucy Foley, The Invitation|Birkenau simmered in the July sun like some hideous brew, a witch's potion of blood, sweat, smoke, and excrement worthy of something the weird sisters might have cooked up in Macbeth.
Micah Elza|So this is the boom, eh?” I said. “Not exactly Scott Fitzgerald, is it?” “I’ll tell you what it’s like,” he said glumly. “It’s like being in Caligula’s Rome, and everyone around you’s having an orgy, and you’re the mug stuck looking after the horse.” He pulled heavily on his cigarette. “The whole thing’ll come crashing down,” he said bleakly, “and all anyone’ll have done is eaten a lot of expensive cheese.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|She let the fear burn inside her like fuel, making her voice even stronger.
Claudia Simon|If circumstances are always the rulers, the shallow existence of instant gratification will keep us as mere spectators of our lives. Get up! Clarify! Get in the game and live!
Luke Hohmann, Innovation Games: Creating Breakthrough Products Through Collaborative Play: Creating Breakthrough Products and Services|Innovation Games let customers engage other centers of their brain, resulting in richer, deeper, and more meaningful exchanges of information
Evan Davis|If he who employs coercion against me could mould me to his purposes by argument, no doubt he would. He pretends to punish me because his argument is strong; but he really punishes me because his argument is weak.
Youssou N'Dour|If there ever was a militant religion, it was that of early New England.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Take full account of what Excellencies you possess, and in gratitude remember how you would hanker after them, if you had them not.
David Foenkinos, Charlotte|She must disappear for a time from the human surface,And sacrifice everything for this, To recreate herself from the depths of her world.
Joseph Addison, The Spectator|If you wish success in life, make perseverance you bosom friend, experience your wise councellor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|His silence helps him come off as something of a seer, a whispering muse.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|But of course there is always a hamartia and yours is that oh, my God, even though you HAD FREAKING CANCER you give money to a company in exchange for the chance to acquire YET MORE CANCER.
