Neil Pasricha, The Book of Awesome|Xav sprinkled olive oil on his lettuce. 'Lola was very particular that it all had to fit properly.' 'Lola?' squeaked Diamond. I wanted to warn her not to rise to the bait Xav was dangling in front of her but it was too late. Xav added some Parmesan and pepper. 'Suspicious, Diamond? You should be. This is a bachelor party I'm organizing, not a school outing, and it is going to tick all of Trace's boxes. Lola is either a very efficient water sports instructor or an exotic dancing girl; I'll leave it your imagination.' I rolled my eyes at Diamond. 'Myabe she's both. I mean the guys will really go for that, I guess. Don't worry,Di, Luigi and his crew will not disappoint us girls.' Luigi was in fact Contessa Nicoletta's little bespectacled chef with whom I had been consulting about the menu for Friday, but the Benedicts weren't to know that. 'He has promised to provide something suitably spicy for our tastes.
Richard Erdoes|It doesn't mean,' she shrugged. 'It just is
Herbert Hoover|There is a core value I wanted to illuminate: No matter what kind of family you have - straight, gay, married, single parent, separated, no kids, two kids, 20 kids, whatever - we all go through the human comedy. But if the bonds are strong enough, and the desire is there, you can get to the other side, still together and still a family.
Jay Kristoff, Amie Kaufman|When one day an expedition was sent to the spatial coordinates that Voojagig had claimed for the planet they discovered only a small asteroid inhabited by a solitary old man who claimed repeatedly that nothing was true, though he was later discovered to be lying.
Bobby Knight|For me, life is about experience and being a good person.
Kristen Ashley, The Golden Dynasty|You don’t have to have had something to want it or need it but when you have something you liked… very much… and it is taken away, and you want it back, it can become a hunger.
Rudyard Kipling, If: A Father's Advice to His Son|If you can walk with the crowd and keep your virtue, or walk with Kings-nor lose the common touch; If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you; If all men count with you, but none too much; If you can fill the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run- Yours is the earth and everything that's in it, And-which is more-you'll be a man my son.
Elizabeth Esty|Self-acknowledgment boosts your emotional and spiritual immunity, giving you the strength you need to release the past and rise above fear, doubt or resignation.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
Imelda Marcos|I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|I say to my sister, "I thought you were doing the things in our Dream Book. I was sure of it." "Why would I do that stuff without you?" "Because you could.""Well, you were wrong.
Tawna Jacobsen|If i get a second chance to live, i'll rise much higher than i ever dream
French Montana|Most of Hollywood is about making money - and I love money, but I don't make the films thinking about money.
Dejan Stojanovic|If you fall, I'll be the there
Kate Avery Ellison, Frost|I danced frightening things. They were frightened of me and therefore thought that I wanted to kill them. I did not want to kill anyone. I loved everyone, but no one loved me, and therefore I became nervous.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|The future reshapes the memory of the past in the way it recalibrates significance: some episodes are advanced, others lose purchase.
Robert A. Caro, The Power Broker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York|In New York, everything was permissible. No one cared what you wore, how you looked. Only you cared about those things. And if they didn’t worry you, then they didn’t matter.
David Suchet|In the balance of my professional life, I've had the privilege of the working as a practicing lawyer and teacher.
Janis Ian|I'll fill those canyons in your soul, like a river lead you home. And I'll walk a step behind, in the shadows so you shine. Just ask, it will be done and I will prove my love, until you're sure that I'm the one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t waste your time, living other’s dream. Live your dreams. Dare to be you.
Michele Bachmann|I think it's best if there's an amendment that goes on the ballot where the people can weigh in. Every time this issue has gone on the ballot, the people have voted to retain the traditional definition of marriage as recently as California in 2008.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I wish I could fly.I wish I were rich.I wish I had more time.”“But you can, and you are, and you do; I wish you would open your eyes.
Cynthia Eden, A Bit of Bite|Firstly, though we have to clean this blood up off the tiles before it dries. It is far easier to clean the blood up while it's still wet.""How do you know this stuff?" Grace said completely baffled."Dexter," Angela said shrugging and thinking that was as good an explanation as any.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|To make the distinction unmistakably clear: Civilization is the vital force in human history; culture is that inert mass of institutions and organizations which accumulate around and tend to drag down the advance of life; Civilization is Giordano Bruno facing death by fire; culture is the Cardinal Bellarmino, after ten years of inquisition, sending Bruno to the stake in the Campo di Fiori...
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Look upon good books; they are true friends, that will neither flatter nor dissemble: be you but true to yourself...and you shall need no other comfort nor counsel.
Mark Twain, On Masturbation|The signs of excessive indulgence in this destructive pastime are easily detectable. They are these: A disposition to eat, to drink, to smoke, to meet together convivially, to laugh, to joke, and tell indelicate stories— and mainly, a yearning to paint pictures.
M.F. Moonzajer|What do you want, Mary Foxe? My husband?" “I believe in him," she said slowly. I wondered if she’d ever told him that, and if so, what he had to say about it. Someone you made up turns around and tells you they believe in you— what response could you possibly make? The scenario is just plain weird. And really kind of impertinent on her part, too. If it happened to me I think I’d be speechless for the rest of my life.
A.J. Dalton|Writing is like a lump of coal. Put it under enough pressure and polish it enough and you might just end up with a diamond. Otherwise, you can burn it to keep warm.
Charles Bass|As a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence, I will be participating in several hearings on the startling revelations contained in the report.
Arun D. Ellis, Daydream Believers|He hated heights and rats, and now he had both.
Amit Ray|Half your life is spent in thinking of the past and the other half in thinking about the future. The journey never begins. Either you roam around the byways of your memory, which is a dead dream, or you wander in your imagination which is a dream of the future, which is still to come. You are divided in these two. The present is in the middle, and that is where life is – but you miss it!
George Canning|'My country, right or wrong' is a thing no patriot would ever think of saying except in a desperate case. It is like saying 'My mother, drunk or sober.'
Oliver Sacks, Uncle Tungsten|And I often dream of chemistry at night, dreams that conflate the past and the present, the grid of the periodic table transformed to the grid of Manhattan. […] Sometimes, too, I dream of the indecipherable language of tin (a confused memory, perhaps, of its plaintive “cry”). But my favorite dream is of going to the opera (I am Hafnium), sharing a box at the Met with the other heavy transition metals—my old and valued friends—Tantalum, Rhenium, Osmium, Iridium, Platinum, Gold, and Tungsten.
Christopher Hawke|It’s strange how what drives us may abandon us midstream, how what tickles our ears with lies one moment may tell us truths that knock us on our emotional ass the next. After all, it is an unbelievably real world, with Darwin scribbling his thoughts into books and telling us what monkeys we are. Each of us explores possibility, hungry for sustaining adoration, yet we know enough to render ourselves helpless. We strive and strain, bellow and believe, we learn, and everything we learn tells us the same thing: life is one great meaningful experience in a meaningless world. Brilliance has many parts, yet each part is incomplete. We live, heal and attempt to piece together a picture worth the price of our very lives. The picture I saw presented demonic executioners, who crippled those daring to look and consumed souls without defense. They’re everywhere. Some are people we know. Others are the great fears and addictions of our lives.
Scarlett Dunn, Last Promise|Dragons don't ask for maidens, he said. Dragons are offered maidens. Alys shook her head to show she didn't understand.Is a king likely to be a maiden? Or a village headman? It's the men who make the laws that decree that maidens be offered.
Confucius|By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is better to sow good deeds; love, goodness and kindness.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|I have sometimes said to a client: “If you are so in touch with your feelings from your abusive childhood, then you should know what abuse feels like. You should be able to remember how miserable it was to be cut down to nothing, to be put in fear, to be told that the abuse is your own fault. You should be less likely to abuse a woman, not more so, from having been through it.” Once I make this point, he generally stops mentioning his terrible childhood; he only wants to draw attention to it if it’s an excuse to stay the same, not if it’s a reason to change.
Margaret George, Mary Queen of Scotland and The Isles|A broken heart is such a shabby thing, like poverty and failure and the incurable diseases which are also deforming. I hate it and am ashamed of it, and I must somehow repair this heart and put it back into its normal condition, as a tough somewhat scarred but operating organ.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|I do not think much of ages. People are people. What does it matter how old or young they are? It is a category, and I do not like categories. It is a sort of pigeonhole or a label.
Linda Pastan, The Imperfect Paradise|To be the other womanis to be a seasonthat is always about to end,when the air is floweredwith jasmine and peach,and the weather day after dayis flawless,and the forecastis hurricane.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|In the company of the Soul's inner guidance, let us celebrate all we are destined to know.
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose kashays, (inner anger, pride, deceit, greed) are gone is worthy of worship. The absence of inner intent of kashays is indeed Gnani!
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Nope," he whispered, when I tried to tug it away. "Mine now.
Hiroko Sakai|i want to be stronger, so i can protect what i love more.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|On the corner of Cathedral Road a raven sat in a tree watching him. He knew it was Dorkus for two reasons. Firstly, he'd told Dorkus to stay there to keep an eye on Michael. Secondly, he was wearing a top hat, carrying a cane, and if Corvid's eyes were right, he now had spats over his feet."Cacaw," Dorkus said."Really?" Corvid replied, "we're back to cawing?""I thought it would be less suspicious in public.""You do know you just said that carrying a cane and wearing a top hat and a pair of spats?
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|We come together as a community — in our sitting room, in sacred space or in a coffee shop. We share our joy and pain, our surprises and disappointments, successes and failures and we try to make some sense of it all. We listen to find some way to connect. We give reassurance or advice. Sometimes we say nothing because just being there is enough. Storytelling is that moment in time when we are not alone - I met my Soul in a Coffee Shop
Richard Wagner|Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
J.S.B. Morse, Gods of Ruin: A Political Thriller|The nature of atheism merits clarification on two further points which involve less common ideas about theism. The first involves the idea of 'God' which is metaphorical — for example, a theist who believes in 'God' as a principle of conscience or morality. This 'God' exists in a person’s mind and it is not something which atheists will dispute. Atheists agree that gods exist as ideas in people’s minds; the disagreement lies over whether any gods actually exist independently of human beliefs. Those are the gods which atheists disbelieve in or deny.The second type of theism involves gods that exist as physical objects: stones, trees, rivers, or even the universe itself. Believers treat these objects are their gods, but do atheists reject their existence? Of course not — but how do they then remain atheists? The point of disagreement here is whether the label 'god' communicates any information beyond the more common label of 'stone,' 'tree,' or 'universe.' If not, then as far as atheists are concerned, those objects don’t merit the extra label 'god' and they remain atheists.
Claude Debussy|I mean, there's times to rock and roll, and I love that too. But I think my first love is acoustic music.
Lani Woodland, Intrinsical|Whoever makes you feelthat deeply and that intensely,deserves to know how they’veimpacted you.
Stephen King|If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Notebooks of Lazarus Long|Darling, a true lady takes off her dignity with her clothes and does her whorish best. At other times you can be as modest and dignified as your persona requires.
Rebecca MacKinnon|In the grip of a neurological disorder, I am fast losing control of words even as my relationship with the world has been reduced to them.
E.J. Mellow, The Dreamer|If you think of the world as a global village, a fight between India and Pakistan is like a fight between the poorest people in the poorest quarters - the Adivasis and the Dalits. And in the meantime, the zamindars are laying the oil pipelines and selling both parties weapons.
Sunday Adelaja|To be happy with your woman, make her emotional, but never becomes emotional!
Jaree Francis|Sometimes you're not ready to give the world quite what it wants. And that's okay, because the Earth is generously patient.
C. JoyBell C.|Sometimes you just don't know what's going to happen, exactly. And that's because sometimes you just don't have control over circumstances in your life. The amazing thing is that— it is during these times that we free-fall through the sky! All we have is the breath in our lungs right here and right now and it's just exhilarating! And it takes humility to accept that we might not have everything we want in our hands at the moment— but that what we do have is good, is worth keeping. Even if something isn't everything, yet, it can be worth everything, right now! You just have to spread your arms in the air and start gliding!
Hannah Ware|About 1998, when 'Wide World of Sports' and the 'Footy Show' came to an end for me, I couldn't type. When I started architecture, it was a very aesthetic, creative, an almost art process, where lettering and thick line were how you expressed yourself on the paper.
Gene Tierney|If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Make sure when you reach for the stars, you keep both feet firmly planted on the ground.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not until we leave bad situations for worst situations, we shall least value and appreciate bad situations which shield us from the worst situation
Augusta Scattergood, Glory Be|I walked straight to the library. Mrs. Bloom, the librarian, always knows everything.
Charlotte Brontë|His will be done, as done it surely will be, whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not. The impulse of creation forwards it; the strength of powers, seen and unseen, has its fulfillment in charge. Proof of a life to come must be given. In fire and in blood, if needful, must that proof be written. In fire and in blood do we trace the record throughout nature. In fire and in blood does it cross our own experience. Sufferer, faint not through terror of this burning evidence. Tired wayfarer, gird up thy loins, look upward, march onward. Pilgrims and brother mourners, join in friendly company. Dark through the wilderness of this world stretches the way for most of us: equal and steady be our tread; be our cross our banner. For staff we have His promis, whose 'word is tried, whose way perfect": for present hope His providence, 'who gives the shield of salvation, whose gentleness makes great'; for final home His bosom, who 'dwells in the height of Heaven'; for crowning prize a glory exceeding and eternal. Let us so run that we may obtain: let us endure hardness as good soldiers; let us finish our course, and keep the faith, reliant in the issue to come off more than conquerors: 'Art though not from everlasting mine Holy One? WE SHALL NOT DIE!
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|The human brain is incredible in its capacity to heal and rewire itself. The human brain can be shaped and trained to be more resilient, calm, compassionate and alert—we can condition ourselves to be successful. Through mindfulness meditation, we can literally re-wire our brains through new experiences, which modify our neural network and our neural chemistry. Mindfulness also enhances gamma synchrony and improves the function of the human brain.
G.A. Henty, The Young Carthaginian|But the tale or narrative set in the past may have its particular time-free value; and the candid reader will not misunderstand me, will not suppose that I intend any preposterous comparison, when I observe that Homer was farther removed in time from Troy than I am from the Napoleonic wars; yet he spoke to the Greeks for 2,000 years and more.
Kamand Kojouri|Two great things happened to me. One was that I survived. The other was that I met you, because I knew why
Augustine of Hippo|I don't think I really saw people except as appendages to my needs. It's only now, looking back, that I understand, but at the time I lived in a brilliantly lit haze, shifting and flickering according to my changing desires. Of course, that is only a description of being young.
Deyth Banger|Science... internet... and women have one in common all end up as biatch.... So it's very bitchy, when they don't stop talking.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|One way to be sure you are not making the wrong decision, is to lookvertically upwards
Albert Einstein|I have made the choices that work best for me. I know I cannot please everyone, and that's fine.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I honor the divine on a daily basis, but I want to know that the greatest magick in my life is living authentically with what I have and can do.
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|Leslie, don’t you believe that I know who you will marry, and that I’m capable of leading you to that right man someday?
Édouard Levé, Suicide|A dictionary resembles the world more than a novel does, because the world is not a coherent sequence of actions but a constellation of things perceived. It is looked at, unrelated things congregate, and geographic proximity gives them meaning. If events follow each other, they are believed to be a story. But in a dictionary, time doesn't exist: ABC is neither more nor less chronological than BCA. To portray your life in order would be absurd: I remember you at random. My brain resurrects you through stochastic details, like picking marbles out of a bag.
Mia Couto|Moral stories are always imaginary , but these stories induce real moral values in a human society .
Stephen King, The Drawing of the Three|Love and honor. They are the two great things, and now they’re dimmed and blighted. Today, love is just sex and sentimentality. Love is really a recognition of truth, a recognition of another person’s integrity and truth in a way that is compatible with — that makes both of you light up when you recognize the quality in the other. That’s what love is. It’s a recognition of singularity… And love is giving and giving and giving … not looking for any return. Until you do that, you can’t love.
Joan Rivers|You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|Now one day, maybe I can forgive John Andersen for what he done to these trees, but I ain't gonna forget it. I figure forgiving is not letting something nag at you—rotting you out.
Andrei Platonov|Happiness is ideal, it is the work of the imagination.
Wallace Stegner, Wolf Willow|I may not know who I am, but I know where I am from.
Richard Eyre|I saw the gooseflesh on my skin. I did not know what made it. I was not cold. Had a ghost passed over? No, it was the poetry.
Henry Cloud, Changes That Heal: How to Understand the Past to Ensure a Healthier Future|I took the other road, all right, but only because it was the easy road for me, the way I wanted to go. If I've encountered some unnecessary resistance that's because most of the traffic is going the other way.
Deyth Banger|He had never actually said what he hunted, only that he enjoyed it.
Ellen Ullman, Life in Code: A Personal History of Technology|Necessity used to be the mother of invention, but then we ran out of things that were necessary.
Autumn Rosen|Aiden had filled a part of my heart that I hadn’t known was empty. And for that I’d be forever grateful. Beneath the pain was the reality of the end of whatever it was we’d shared. I missed him, and his absence was profound. He was everywhere, yet he was nowhere at all.
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|In these myriad ways, we carved out our lives in Los Angeles. Yet falling asleep was often an act of travel, taking me quickly by the hand so that I am instantly surrounded by verdant foliage, the ocean's emerald roar, the voices of Alice, Mala, our grandmother. Those most familiar and beloved of women.But there are also nightmares. Over and over I dream of a small house, a glittering lagoon, a mango tree, and a young girl. She stands before me and her large bruised eyes do not leave mine. When she unpins the sari fold at her shoulder and pulls it away from her, I see sunset-colored bruises on her delicate clavicles. When she undoes her sari blouse, I see the grenades tucked like extra breasts under her own. It is grotesque. I wake trembling, and her eyes stays with me for hours.
Erich Maria Remarque, Arch of Triumph: A Novel of a Man Without a Country|Ladies tell their nurses things in a sudden burst of confidence, and then, afterwards, they feel uncomfortable about it and wish they hadn't! It's only human nature.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you sing to one person as if you’re singing to a million, you will soon have an audience of a million.
May Sarton, At Seventy: A Journal|You don't ask nobody to give what they can't give, or be what they can't be. You've learnt that, you got a headstart on heartbreak.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|You have a contribution to make and unique gifts to offer. It's time to stop listening to the voices that tells you that you're not good enough, won't make it, or don't have anything to offer.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|A tale may have exactly three beginnings: one for the audience, one for the artist, and one for the poor bastard who has to live in it.
Christian Bobin|Nothing is owed to us in life, not even the innocence of a blue sky. Great art is the art of thankfulness for the abundance of every moment. Writing is a Chinese variant of this thankfulness, a courtesy to life in its cloak of nothing, lined with love.
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|He had seen many criminals in his years in Division. Dangerous men and even more dangerous women. Small-time hucksters and savvy crime lords. Spies, gangsters, assassins, insurgents and wannabe-revolutionaries. True believers and soulless mercs willing to kill children for the right price.
Mary Oliver, Why I Wake Early|Though I play at the edges of knowing, truly I know our part is not knowing, but looking, and touching, and loving
Frédéric Bastiat, That Which Is Seen and That Which Is Not Seen|We need not be surprised at this. On a wrong road, inconsistency is inevitable; if it were not so, mankind would be sacrificed. A false principle never has been, and never will be, carried out to the end.
Stella McCartney|The human and environmental devastation caused by nuclear weapons - whether by testing, mistake or malice - is the very reason we need to eliminate them altogether.
Diogenes|In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Princess Ben|I could not but wonder at the queen's unprecedented civility, until I realized with a flush of shame that it was my own improved behavior that motivated hers. So it is that we in life determine our own treatment.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|Doing risk sport had taught me another important lesson: never exceed your limits. You push the envelope and you live for those moments when you’re right on the edge, but you don’t go over. You have to be true to yourself; you have to know your strengths and limitations and live within your means.
Criss Jami, Healology|Reality. It is sometimes brought through foreign eyes; because if you do not know any better, you cannot see the worse (and vice versa).
Steven Pressfield|I believe that if it were possible to scrap the whole of existing literature, all writers would find themselves inevitably producing something very close to SF ... No other form of fiction has the vocabulary of ideas and images to deal with the present, let alone the future.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|Two wrongs don't make a right, but neither does one. Revenge may seem petty by day, but on some nights she becomes Justice.
Matthew Heines|Why do they call them daytime dramas, anyway? Shouldn't they be bedtime dramas? All anyone ever talks about is getting someone into bed! Plus if you're at home watching, you're probably watching in bed. And if you're like me, after an hour or two of watching all those sexy goings-on you forget the silly story entirely and fall asleep. Just like it's bedtime!
William Stafford, The Way It Is: New and Selected Poems|This dream the world is having about itselfincludes a trace on the plains of the Oregon trail,a groove in the grass my father showed us allone day while meadowlarks were trying to tellsomething better about to happen.
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|Author says that, while Eisenhower had other intellectual mentors, he learned how to lead men from Gen. Walter Krueger. Krueger was the first American enlisted man to rise to four-star general, and he so identified with those he led that he once invited a sentry out of the rain and gave him his own dry uniform.
Lee Haney|I can't eat whatever I want, definitely not. I'm always controlled because I do a lot of fitness and triathlons, not just Formula One, so I always make sure I eat the right things.
Debasish Mridha|For life we need three things only: nourishment, love, and peace.
LaToya Hankins, K-Rho: The Sweet Taste of Sisterhood|Io, Europa, Ganimedes puer, atque Calistolascivo nimium perplacuere Iovi.(Io, Europa, the boy Ganymede, and Callisto greatly pleased lustful Jupiter.)[Marius naming Jupiter's moons]
Alexia Casale, The Bone Dragon|So he could not be hasty or impatient. If he pushed forward impulsively, he would fail to see the signs and omens left by God along his path.God placed them along my path. He had surprised himself with the thought. Until then, he had considered the omens to be things of this world, Like eating or sleeping, or like seeking love or finding a job. he had never thought of them in terms of a language used by God to indicate what he should do.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.
Darrell Cheney|Banning the word bossy doesn’t promote anything, especially leadership. In fact, it would actually show that being bossy works. We don’t need to ban the word bossy, we need to get rid of bossiness. The best way to do that? Be a real leader. How poetic.
Mark Strand|It is no coincidence that ours is a time afflicted by a widespread sense of attentional crisis, at least in the West - one captured by the phrase ''homo distractus,'' a species of ever shorter attention span known for compulsively checking his devices.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|What are your interests?""Your son in my room," I said."Excuse me?""The sun and the moon," I said. "Astronomy.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|She will not come back, but her beauty, her voice, will echo until the end of time. She believed in something beyond herself, and her death gave her voice power it didn’t have in life. She was pure, like your father. We, you and I” — he touches my chest with the back of his index finger — “are dirty. We are made for blood. Rough hands. Dirty hearts. We are lesser creatures in the grand scheme of things, but without us men of war, no one except those of Lykos would hear Eo’s song. Without our rough hands, the dreams of the pure hearts would never be built.
James Patterson, First Love|Other people's stories may become part of your own, the foundation of it, the ground it goes on.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|That's a rather subversive idea, isn't it? "Do you think so? I don't. If it is subversive, then everything else is too, even breathing. I feel and think as naturally and necessarily as I breathe. If men hate each other, then there is not hope. We will all be the victims of that hate. We will slaughter each other in wars we don't want and for which we're not responsible. They'll put a flag in front of us and fill ours ears with words. And why? To plant the seeds for a new war, to create more hatred, to create new flags and new words. Is that why we're here? To have children and hurl them into the fiery furnace? To build cities and then raze them to the ground? To long for peace and have war instead? "And would love solve everything," asked Able with a sad, slightly ironic smile. "I don't know. It's the only thing we haven't tried so far..." "And will we be in time?" "Possibly. If those who suffer can be convinced that it's true, then yes, we might be in time..." He paused, as if assailed by a sudden thought, "But don't forget, Abel, you must love with a love that is lucid and active! And make sure that the active side never forgets abut the lucid side and that the active side never commits the same kind of villainous deeds as those who want men to hate each other. Active, but lucid. And above all, lucid!
Santiago Ramón y Cajal, Advice for a Young Investigator|Our novice runs the risk of failure without additional traits: a strong inclination toward originality, a taste for research, and a desire to experience the incomparable gratification associated with the act of discovery itself.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|As you embrace Christmas, you embrace the magnitude of your life’s journey & purpose.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|And the stars: the sky gets crowded at night, and it is a bit like watching a clock, seeing the constellations slide across the sky. It’s comforting to know that they’ll show up, however bad the day has been, however crook things get. That used to help in France. It put things into perspective—the stars had been around since before there were people. They just kept shining, no matter what was going on. I think of the light here like that, like a splinter of a star that’s fallen to earth: it just shines, no matter what is happening. Summer, winter, storm, fine weather. People can rely on it.
Dorothea Dix|To say what I would have been if I wasn't boxing, I don't know why, but I always wanted to be an x-ray technician or a substitute teacher. Those two occupations always stuck with me, maybe because my substitute teacher didn't give us homework, or because I've always had x-rays of my hands.
R.A.Delmonico|According to the economic story, you're free to enter and exit the world of markets as you please. As a buyer, you're free to choose whether to buy something or not. If you want something and can afford to pay for it, it's yours. If nothing pleases you, you can "vote with your dollar" and buy nothing. In practice, if you're less mobile than others in the world of markets somehow, perhaps because you're a child or a senior, or are poor, or have learning disabilities or mental health issues, you don't have the same access to the market as others do who are more independent Instead, you'll likely find it hard to identify your choices and make the best choice, which you need to be able to do for the market to operate efficiently, or you may not have enough money to enter the market to begin with. Sometimes your "best choice" isn't much of a choice at all; if your two options are to starve or to buy bread at extortion rates from the only seller in town, your "freedom" to enter or exit the market doesn't amount to much.
Kathleen Sheeder Bonanno, Slamming Open the Door|...always-the sharp,plaintive edgeon the rimof the spoonof my giving.(lines 8-13 of the poem 'Confessions')
Eva Stachniak, The Winter Palace: A Novel of Catherine the Great|Did you ever get the feeling that everything was too perfect? Like the moment was so good that something had to be wrong? Kind of like the way a fish sees that bright, shiny lure just before it chomps down and gets hauled out of water to become someone's lunch.
|Always doing what seems easy is not where your true potential in life lies. Instead, you have to start doing the things that fear you the most. You truly have more abilities in you than you could ever possibly imagine.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To be able to see a magic, you need to have a mind that can detect that magic!
G.K. Chesterton|The dreadful joy Thy Son has sentIs heavier than any care;We find, as Cain his punishment,Our pardon more than we can bear.
Steve Goodier|One good wish changes nothing. But one good decision changes everything. Your power to choose, to make a good decision, spells the difference between wishing and making real life changes.
Cassandra Clare|You gotta stand up and walk, Gem,” he said quietly, turning his back on them. “You have to walk out of here. Not just for them, but for yourself. Come on. You have to walk out of here on your own two feet. So I did.
André Gide, The Immoralist|Most people believe it is only by constraint they can get any good out of themselves, and so they live in a state of psychological distortion. It is his own self that each of them is most afraid of resembling. Each of them sets up a pattern and imitates it; he doesn't even choose the pattern he imitates: he accepts a pattern that has been chosen for him. And yet I verily believe there are other things to be read in man. But people don't dare to - they don't dare to turn the page. Laws of imitation! Laws of fear, I call them. The fear of finding oneself alone - that is what they suffer from - and so they don't find themselves at all. I detest such moral agoraphobia - the most odious cowardice I call it. Why, one always has to be alone to invent anything - but they don't want to invent anything. The part in each of us that we feel is different from other people is just the part that is rare, the part that makes our special value - and that is the very thing people try to suppress. They go on imitating. And yet they think they love life.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|This feather stirs; she lives! if it be so, it is a chance which does redeem all sorrows that ever I have felt.
Jay Hosking, Three Years with the Rat|There are just some things that are outside of comprehension, even if we can quantify them. At some point, science becomes magic.
Scipio Africanus|The words of the Bible, and the Bible alone, should be heard from the pulpit.
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|God is not glorified when we keep for ourselves (no matter how thankfully) what we ought to be using to alleviate the misery of unevangelized, uneducated, unmedicated, and unfed millions. The evidence that many professing Christians have been deceived by this doctrine is how little they give and how much they own. God has prospered them. And by an almost irresistible law of consumer culture (baptized by a doctrine of health, wealth, and prosperity) they have bought bigger (and more) houses, newer (and more) cars, fancier (and more) clothes, better (and more) meat, and all manner of trinkets and gadgets and containers and devices and equipment to make life more fun. They will object: Does not the Old Testament promise that God will prosper his people? Indeed! God increases our yield, so that by giving we can prove our yield is not our god. God does not prosper a man's business so that he can move from a Ford to a Cadillac. God prospers a business so that 17,000 unreached people can be reached with the gospel. He prospers the business so that 12 percent of the world's population can move a step back from the precipice of starvation.
Connie Willis|And every place and time an author writes about is imaginary, from Oz to Raymond Chandler's L.A. to Dickens's London.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Geography of You and Me|It had been my father's way to remove obstructions, to repair washouts in old trails, to leave each trail better than he had found it. "Tread lightly on the paths," he had told me. "Others will come when you have gone."That was how I would remember my father. There was never a place he walked that was not the better for his having passed. For every tree he cut down he planted two.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|If I had lady-spider legs, I would weave a sky where the stars lined up. Matresses would be tied down tight to their trucks, bodies would never crash through windshields. The moon would rise above the wine-dark sea and give babies only to maidens and musicians who had prayed long and hard. Lost girls wouldn't need compasses or maps. They would find gingerbread paths to lead them out of the forest and home again. They would never sleep in silver boxes with white velvet sheets, not until they were wrinkled-paper grandmas and ready for the trip. 
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|I learned that you can't truly own anything, that true ownership comes only in the moment of giving.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|In the great meteor shower of August, the Perseid, I wail all day for the shooting stars I miss. They’re out there showering down, committing hari-kiri in a flame of fatal attraction, and hissing perhaps into the ocean. But at dawn what looks like a blue dome clamps down over me like a lid on a pot. The stars and planets could smash and I’d never know. Only a piece of ashen moon occasionally climbs up or down the inside of the dome, and our local star without surcease explodes on our heads. We have really only that one light, one source for all power, and yet we must turn away from it by universal decree. Nobody here on the planet seems aware of that strange, powerful taboo, that we all walk about carefully averting our faces, this way and that, lest our eyes be blasted forever.
Francis of Assisi|While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart.
Stephen King|I had to have him, had to. Just the way I had to have everything I wanted; or had to do everything I'd ever wanted to do.
Frank Beddor, Seeing Redd|Youth is but the painted shell within which, continually growing, lives that wondrous thing the spirit of a man, biding its moment of apparition, earlier in some than in others.
Anthony Liccione|A circle of friends, doesn't always keep perfect relationships.
Gini Koch|When I wake I ask myself, how much longer before they will just let me die?" - Tier, Clutch
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There's a reason we refer to "leaps of faith" - because the decision to consent to any notion of divinity is a mighty jump from the rational over to the unknowable, and I don't care how diligently scholars of every religion will try to sit you down with their stacks of books and prove to you through scripture that their faith is indeed rational; it isn't. If faith were rational, it wouldn't be - by definition - faith. Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face-first and full-speed into the dark. If we truly knew all the answers in advance as to the meaning of life and the nature of God and the destiny of our souls, our belief would not be a leap of faith and it would not be a courageous act of humanity; it would just be... a prudent insurance policy.
Ernest Hemingway|Why must man not marry?" "He cannot marry. He cannot marry," he said angrily. "If he is to lose everything, he should not place himself in a position to lose that. He should not place himself in a position to lose. He should find things he cannot lose.
Neal A. Maxwell|Your corn is ripe today; mine will be so tomorrow. 'Tis profitable for us both, that I should labour with you today, and that you should aid me tomorrow. I have no kindness for you, and know you have as little for me. I will not, therefore, take any pains upon your account; and should I labour with you upon my own account, in expectation of a return, I know I should be disappointed, and that I should in vain depend upon your gratitude. Here then I leave you to labour alone; You treat me in the same manner. The seasons change; and both of us lose our harvests for want of mutual confidence and security.
Judith Ivory|We're eye doctors.""What's something about the eye that most people don't realize?""The eye doesn't see. The brain sees. The eye just transmits. So what we see isn't only determined by what comes through the eyes. What we see is affected by our memories, our feelings, and by what we've seen before.
Linda Tirado, Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America|[W]hen it's slow, they send you home, and when it's busy, they expect you to stay late. They also expect you to be able to come in to cover someone's shift if a co-worker gets sick at the last minute. Basically, they're expecting you to be available to work all the time. Scheduling is impossible.
Maria Montessori|Growing up in New York with artist parents - a very liberal environment, where we were always encouraged to challenge the status quo - I think for a long time I confused jingoism with patriotism. And that is a mistake.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|Everything was brighter and more colorful in those years, as if my childhood was ending in an explosion of unreal passion that made my life feel sacred and holy.
Nicole Baart, The Moment Between|The brief story of the supper at Emmaus carries within it a number of core principles of the Christian life as Luke understands it. First, the idea that one comes to know Christ through acts of generosity to other human beings. It is because of their kindness to a stranger that the disciples find the beloved teacher whom they had lost. Second, there is the idea that they can conjure his presence in prayer and in communal acts such as the breaking of bread - by remembering his life, death, and resurrection - even in an undistinguished house in an anonymous village. The simple acts of generosity and community in daily life are the acts that make real the living presence of Jesus.
Vincent van Gogh|I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
Bette Davis|If you have not taken the time to define what happiness means to you, what have your spent your whole life pursuing?
Amit Dixit|About my father.....My father was a very simple person. When I was small I never understood why he is so simple actually I disliked it. He use to go to office and return late and have dinner with us. I use to think he never stood for me on anything. But he was the person who uses to take me to the market for Diwali shopping. He uses to give me 20 Rs to eat at school when he had only 30. He tried to fulfill all my wishes in his range. He uses to take me on his bicycle after school tuition and walk while making me sit on bicycle. He uses to scare away lizards for me. He uses to play with me. He was the one who told me to work hard when I failed. He never scolded me for studies but only when I killed an insect intentionally. He was the one who taught me physics and mathematics.Once he found a wounded parrot on the road and he bought him home. He brought medicine for him and applied it on his wounds. Later on a cat took that parrot and he ran after her but the parrot died. He did not had proper food for three four days.He spent each and every penny of his earning for our happiness and never forgot to return any pending amount. He use to talk to us but very less and joke sometimes. His style was very different, we use to tell him to use dye or color on his hairs but he always refused. And when he smiled and laughed he doesn’t stop. For every question he had one answer:-“TRUST GOD HE WILL DO EVERYTHING,HE IS THE ONE WHO DOES EVERYTHING”. He uses to discuss with us lot on Bhagwat Gita. Once he told me:- “ Bade prem se milna jag mae sabse aye insaan na jane kis vesh mae tujse mil jayen bhagwaan(meet each person with full love as you never know in which form god will come in front of you)”.To that I replied:-“ But according to Bhagwat gita this is kalyug and all will deceive you if you do that”. He never drunk alcohol or had non-veg.His habits were like –“If he don’t want to do something he will not do it”. But later on he started consulting me (A foolish person like me).I use to shout at him each time I was leaving home as he use to put my wallet at some secret safe place. And when he had not kept it even I use to say “you must have kept it”. He just kept quiet. But later I came to know about the place and it was always the same and I myself realized that why am I shouting at him. Once he said to me “ bache apne aap he sekhtae hain(Children learn by themselves)”. I daily use to woke up walk up to him and say something and then lie down beside him and sleep again. I had lot of fights with him and he was never angry on me. He was just realizing that I am becoming responsible son and we had lot of dreams together and we use to plan a lot.His smile, his eyes, his habits, his innocence, his politeness , his sense of responsibility , his teachings , his knowledge ,his humble nature, his moral values, his love for humans and animals, being non arrogant , no anger, he was never hungry for money , his voice :-“ hello Sonu beta , theak ho ( My Son – Sonu , are you fine)” , his watch, his mobile case, his phone, his shoes, his specs , his laugh, his jokes and all the qualities that were infinite.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|We buy things. We wear them or put them on our walls, or sit on them, but anyone who wants to can take them away from us. Or break them....Long after he's dead, someone else will own those stupid little boxes, and then someone after him, just as someone owned them before he did. But no one ever thinks of that: objects survive us and go on living. It's stupid to believe we own them. And it's sinful for them to be so important.
Chelan Simmons|Like everyone, there are times when I just don't feel like exercising. When that happens, I'm a bit more careful with my diet. But on days I really want a treat, like chocolate, I work out a little harder. I don't believe in beating myself up for not being 'good.'
Tara Reid|When looking at any significant work of art, remember that a more significant one probably has had to be sacrificed.
Debasish Mridha|I am not upset that you don't love me, I am very happy to know that you are still living in my heart, in my love.
Placido Domingo|Aviation - and space travel, in particular - have always been especially captivating.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Dylan Jerome," the lawyer admits, "wanted to sue God for not caring enough about him.
Scott Stabile|It’s easy to rebuke each other’s opinions, but can we honor each other’s pain? Can we make the effort to see beyond the portraits we’ve painted of one another, and to connect to the humanity that thrives beneath our own assumptions? Can we be relentless in our desire to tear down walls, and to build bridges? Can we be brave and stay committed to the conversations that need to be had?The only thing I know about these questions is that I need to replace the we with I, and begin to answer them from there.One thing I know for sure: I want to become the example I wish to see in others. That's a good place to start.Another thing I know for sure: I love you. You're beautiful. You rock.
Lisa Bedrick|Naturally all of us don't think we deserve very much. We don't believe that things will go well for us in the future, generally because they may not have in the past. Our natural bent is to expect the worst. Our natural tendency is to be negative and doubtful. It is actually very hard to be positive. It takes faith to be positive and believe that good things are in our future.
Deepak Chopra|There's many women now who think, 'Surely we don't need feminism anymore, we're all liberated and society's accepting us as we are'. Which is just hogwash. It's not true at all.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|The elegance of etiquette is a timeless expression of class which transcends social status, demographics, educational level, and ethnicity. Good manners say more about you than the person who is on the receiving end.
Michelle  Painchaud, Pretending to Be Erica|He laughs and switches lanes. "All right. So, favorite song?""Ever?"He nods. I bite my lip and watch the just-budding trees flash by outside."I don't think I've found it yet."His mouth twists with a smile I've never seen before. And I've seen every smile."That's the right answer.
Sue Monk Kidd|I believe in forgiveness, I believe in second chances, and I believe we should find a way to restore the Second Amendment rights to people who are qualified and have shown themselves qualified to have those rights restored to them.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Life is about choices. Some we regret, some were proud of. Some will haunt us forever. 'Black Rain' was very much about choices. The message - we are what we chose to be.
Leonce Patry, The Reality of War: A Memoir of the Franco-Prussian War|Where are your free and compulsory schools? Does every one know how to read in the land of Dante and of Michael Angelo? Have you made public schools of your barracks? Have you not, like ourselves, an opulent war-budget and a paltry budget of education? Have not you also that passive obedience which is so easily converted into soldierly obedience? military establishment which pushes the regulations to the extreme of firing upon Garibaldi; that is to say, upon the living honor of Italy? Let us subject your social order to examination, let us take it where it stands and as it stands, let us view its flagrant offences, show me the woman and the child. It is by the amount of protection with which these two feeble creatures are surrounded that the degree of civilization is to be measured. Is prostitution less heartrending in Naples than in Paris? What is the amount of justice springs from your tribunals? Do you chance to be so fortunate as to be ignorant of the meaning of those gloomy words: public prosecution, legal infamy, prison, the scaffold, the executioner, the death penalty? Italians, with you as with us, Beccaria is dead and Farinace is alive. And then, let us scrutinize your state reasons. Have you a government which comprehends the identity of morality and politics? You have reached the point where you grant amnesty to heroes! Something very similar has been done in France. Stay, let us pass miseries in review, let each one contribute in his pile, you are as rich as we. Have you not, like ourselves, two condemnations, religious condemnation pronounced by the priest, and social condemnation decreed by the judge? Oh, great nation of Italy, thou resemblest the great nation of France! Alas! our brothers, you are, like ourselves, Misérables.
Tim McGraw|Be assured that Christianity is something more than forms and creeds and ceremonies: there is life, and power, and reality, in our holy faith.
sai nikhil dinatkurthi|Some people's taste is to an educated taste as is the visual impression received by a purblind eye to that of a normal eye. Where a normal eye will see something clearly articulated, a weak eye will see a blurred patch of colour.
Debasish Mridha|To touch everyone’s heart, let us all sing a song of peace.
John Art|I was familiar with humans at this point only from afar, but even from there, I found them a pitiable species: scaleless, fangless, clawless, nearly furless, wingless, venomless, witless. I honestly didn't understand how they had thrived so.
Marc Chagall|In the arts, as in life, everything is possible provided it is based on love.
Rae Carson, The Shadow Cats|For My people are foolish, They know Me not; They are stupid children And have no understanding. They are shrewd to do evil, But to do good they do not know.
Patrick Hamilton, Twenty Thousand Streets Under the Sky|Tobacco, coffee, alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine, are weak dilutions. The surest poison is time.
Major Owens|Iran is not a make-believe country. It is a real country populated by some 75 million people - real people; including, I daresay, a majority who are philosophically and by education inclined toward the modern, secular world, and particularly American values.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Some stories are rooted in adventure, some in strife. Others are born of the heart, and the horrors and the joys locked therein are often immeasurable, and make us truly wonder what became of those children we once were.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|Too often, it is only love that makes us engaged enough, alert enough, alive enough to see
Anthony T. Hincks|If you dream of becoming perfect, you never will.Be satisfied with being imperfect and that will make you perfect.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If God ask you to do the impossible, do not look for who have never done it, look for the God of impossibilty. Any man that wants to defeat setbacks, must constantly look at his success.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|I was there laughing and joking with everyone else, but it’s like there was some part of mestanding back, watching, thinking, “Is this as good as it gets?
Frank Chin, The Chickencoop Chinaman & The Year of the Dragon|there is enough treachery , hatred violence absurdity in the average human being to supply any given army on any given day
Rachel Hawkins, School Spirits|Her aunt Sol had once told Shai to smile at the worst insults and snap at the minor ones. That way, no man would know your heart.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|For masterpieces are not single and solitary births; they are the outcome of many years of thinking in common, of thinking by the body of the people, so that the experience of the mass is behind the single voice.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|One day, she ventured to the palace library and was delighted to find what good company books could be.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|What you believe your future holds for you impacts your attitude, decisions and success.
Tonny K. Brown|Being prepared is not just the beginning, it is also the end and everything in between. Without being fully prepared, your chances of success depends on anything but you.
John Galsworthy, The Forsyte Saga|Love is not a hot-house flower, but a wild plant, born of a wet night, born of an hour of sunshine; sprung from wild seed, blown along the road by a wild wind. A wild plant that, when it blooms by chance within the hedge of our gardens, we call a flower; and when it blooms outside we call a weed; but, flower or weed, whose scent and colour are always, wild!
Richard Wurmbrand, The Church In Chains|Where there is love, it is Jesus that will surely triumph.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Having beef with someone is unnecessary and avoidable. Whatever the issue, if not positive, it is an opportunity to cut the excess fat from an unhealthy dietary network. Simply excuse yourself from the table of negativity and lean forward in peace.
Yuri Herrera|That's why we make enemies of our friends as soon as they start to drift, he thought, cos that way they get stuck with all our flaws, unlike when they're shared. Maybe brief friendships are best. If you pul out in time, the vices are all theirs.
Kimberley Griffiths Little|Now we, if not in the spirit, have been caught up to see our earth, our mother, Gaia Mater, set like a jewel in space. We have no excuse now for supposing her riches inexhaustible nor the area we have to live on limitless because unbounded. We are the children of that great blue white jewel. Through our mother we are part of the solar system and part through that of the whole universe. In the blazing poetry of the fact we are children of the stars.
Diana Ross|Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense?
Halldór Laxness, The Atom Station|We can't surrender to the culture. We've minimized the role of fathers, so we've created a generation of barbarians, children who become men without growing up. They stay in boyhood through their 20s and 30s, sometimes their whole lives. They think of themselves first, indulge in pornography, do what they feel like, leave their wives, and culture, and churches to raise their children.
Albert Einstein, Living Philosophies|Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to a divine purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: That we are here for the sake of other men —above all for those upon whose smile and well-being our own happiness depends, for the countless unknown souls with whose fate we are connected by a bond of sympathy. Many times a day, I realize how much my outer and inner life is built upon the labors of people, both living and dead, and how earnestly I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received and am still receiving.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|Actually, judging by Pinterest alone, I'm pretty sure a lot of people would look forward to hanging out in such a beautiful library. Just not people Peter knows. He thinks I'm so quirky. I'm not planning on being the one to break the news to him that I'm actually not that quirky, that in fact lots of people like to stay home and bake cookies and scrapbook and hang out in libraries. Most of them are probably in their fifties, but still. I like the way he looks at me, like I am a wood nymph that he happened upon one day and just had to take home to keep.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you stuck in the past, you won’t be able to step in the future!
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|Literature keeps presenting the most vicious things to us an entertainment, but what it appeals to is not any pleasure of these things, but the exhilaration of standing apart from them and being able to see them for what they are because they aren't really happening. The more exposed we are to this, the less likely we are to find an unthinking pleasure in cruel or evil things. As the eighteenth century said in a fine mouth-filling phrase, literature refines our sensibilities.
Sanjo Jendayi|It is said that there comes a point in every mathematics student's education when he hears himself saying to the teacher, "I think I understand"-- and that's the point at which he has hit a wall. Making sure that all gifted students hit their own personal walls is crucial for developing the empathy with the rest of the world. When they see their less lucky peers struggle academically, they need to be able to say "I know how it feels,"-- and be telling the truth.
Enid Blyton, The Secret Island|As they grew sloppier and less alert, the twins argued too loudly about whether Tiger Lily was ugly or beautiful, and finally agreed that she was "ugly beautiful".Tiger Lily pretended she hadn't heard, but her heart slowed to absorb the blow.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|Is she always like this?" "No, usually worse.
Ian Rankin, Blood Hunt|You wouldn't think you could kill an ocean, would you? But we'll do it one day. That's how negligent we are.
Eric Schneiderman|My favourite thing in the world is going out to get Chinese food, then coming home and renting a movie.
Debasish Mridha|As if you are their mother, be kind to others.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Harmony is our natural state of being, and so, when our energies become too stagnant, chaos is thrown into the mix to stimulate what will eventually result in balance and invite flow. The trick is to not let chaos trap or define you… simply allow it to create movement in the vehicle of your life so that you can snap your eyes open and take back control of the wheel. Do not lose yourself in the storm, instead, be the calm in the storm.
Paul T. Dean, Courage: Roy Blanchard's Journey in America's Forgotten War|In addition to the American officers, walking around the bustling camp were French and British officers who lectured the wide-eyed teenagers about the conditions in the trenches on the Western Front. The foreign officers told stories of the terrible battles of Ypres, the Somme, and Verdun. Roy listened with awe and foreboding to the danger from unseen enemies firing shell after shell, the muddy lines of trenches, the heroic acts of men disregarding their own safety to rescue wounded comrades.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|It is easy when you are young to believe that what you desire is no less than what you deserve, to assume that if you want something badly enough it is your God-given right to have it... I was a raw youth who mistook passion for insight and acted according to an obscure, gap-ridden logic. I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong in my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing...I came to appreciate that mountains make poor recepticles for dreams.
R.G. Collingwood|Throughout human history beauty has been seen as a gift from God, but Mom had another notion; she thought that beauty could be earned through self-knowledge. It may be a revolutionary idea, but it has offered me great comfort.
Debasish Mridha|A flower is a gift of love from the universe given to you. So cherish it, enjoy it with a full blissful heart.
Morrie Schwartz, Morrie: In His Own Words|Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live
Flann O'Brien|I never think of myself as an attacker, only as a defender - usually of rights - mine and others.
Lindsey Stirling|The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
Tennessee Williams, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof|Mendacity is a system that we live in," declares Brick. "Liquor is one way out an'death's the other.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|They are the books, the arts, the academes,That show, contain and nourish all the world.
Agatha Christie, Evil Under the Sun|To marry and have children, that is the common lot of women. Only one woman in a hundred--more, in a thousand, can make for herself a name and position as you have done.
Robert Yeo, The Adventures of Holden Heng|It is a strange thing, looking at the sea. When it is calm, or with only gentle ripples, it gives an impression of being soft and kind. But often, on such a calm, the wind suddenly blows, thrusting the water back into angry waves. At such times, in a certain sense, one feels sorry for the sea. Never of itself offensive to others, it is all too often attacked by wind and rain, the rain falling densely upon it, shaming the beauty of its calm face with a million bouncing bubbles. Were the wind to stop blowing, the ocean, surely, would never afflict the land with any calamity, nor would any human beings suffer.
Jessica Howell|Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.
Saint Augustine|The nature of the human mind is such that unless it is stimulated by images of things acting upon it from without, all remembrance of them passes easily away.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Sometimes I dream so vividly, so expectantly, I wonder if I'm crazy...
R. Buckminster Fuller|I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|Daniel reaches out and grabs my hand to steady me. His skin is warm and soft, and holding his hand sends an electric sensation up my right arm. He holds my hand firmly until I regain my balance, which takes me a heartbeat longer than it should have.“Thanks for keeping me from falling,” I say. He smiles warmly. “Sometimes we just can’t stop ourselves from falling, cher.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|You're a good man, Hunter.
Prince Charles|Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history.
Marquis de Sade, Gothic Tales of the Marquis de Sade|Imagine a pleasure in which the moment of satisfaction is simultaneous with the moment of destruction: to kiss is to poison; lifting to your lips this face after which you have ached, dreamed, longed for, the face shatters, every time.
John Bytheway|If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.
Gil McNeil, Needles and Pearls|She did, she really told her. She was pretty scary, actually," "The best women always are, love; you don't get to my age without realizing that.
Lillian Gish|People should accept being single, because those are the moments you can really focus on yourself, and learning who you are. Then when you get in a relationship, you will be stronger and have a little bit more self-awareness, self-love, and the other ingredients for a healthy relationship.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|As a motivation —for humans, but Christians especially— guilt is always wrong and can never move them to do anything He wants of them. Never let them realize that.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Something like missionary reductionism has happened to the internet with the rise of web 2.0. The strangeness is being leached away by the mush-making process. Individual web pages as they first appeared in the early 1990S had the flavor of personhood. MySpace preserved some of that flavor, though a process of regularized formatting had begun. Facebook went further, organizing people into multiple-choice identities, while Wikipedia seeks to erase point of view entirely.If a church or government were doing these things, it would feel authoritarian, but when technologists are the culprits, we seem hip, fresh, and inventive. People will accept ideas presented in technological form that would be abhorrent in any other form. It is utterly strange to hear my many old friends in the world of digital culture claim to be the true sons of the Renaissance without realizing that using computers to reduce individual expression is a primitive, retrograde activity, no matter how sophisticated your tools are.
Wataru Watari, やはり俺の青春ラブコメはまちがっている 1|Never mind the rule, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all,' because that's not the route to take. Instead, look into the mirror and say those things to yourself. Then yell those things at yourself. And multiply how much that hurts by 10. And decide, should I still say these things? And walk away.
Charles G. Finney, The Circus of Dr. Lao|They say my verse is sad: no wonder.Its narrow measure spansRue for eternity, and sorrowNot mine, but man'sThis is for all ill-treated fellowsUnborn and unbegot,For them to read when they're in troubleAnd I am not.
Auliq-Ice|Glory in your small dreams, because inside them something bigger may emerge.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Would not the earth, quickened to an evil purpose by the sympathy of his eye, greet him with poisonous shrubs... Would he not suddenly sink into the earth, leaving a barren and blasted spot, where, in due course of time, would be seen deadly nightshade, dogwood, henbane, and whatever else of vegetable wickedness the climate could produce, all flourishing with hideous luxuriance?
Kristin Levine, The Lions of Little Rock|I think a friend is someone who helps you change for the better. And whether you see them once a day or once a year, if it's a true friend, it doesn't matter.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Be good, or be good at it.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Of whom and of what can I say: "I know that"! This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all those likewise that have been attributed to it, this upbringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance the gap will never be filled.
Dan Wells, Fragments|Assuming less does not make you naive, it makes you a better listener.
Dean M. Schroeder, The Idea-Driven Organization: Unlocking the Power in Bottom-Up Ideas|Added pressure and responsibility should not change one's leadership style, it should merely expose that which already exists.
Sarah Kay|Most of man's problems upon this planet, in the long history of the race, have been met and solved either partially or as a whole by experiment based on common sense and carried out with courage.
Renju Aravind|For something great,we have to sacrifice something greater
Benjamin James Sadock, Kaplan and Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry: Behavioral Sciences/Clinical Psychiatry|Psychotropic drugs have also been organized according to structure (e.g., tricyclic), mechanism (e.g., monoamine, oxidase inhibitor [MAOI]), history (first generation, traditional), uniqueness (e.g., atypical), or indication (e.g., antidepressant). A further problem is that many drugs used to treat medical and neurological conditions are routinely used to treat psychiatric disorders.
Debasish Mridha|Your mind is the most powerful magnet. What you think, you attract.
Michael Frayn, Headlong|Odd, though, all these dealings of mine with myself. First I’ve agreed a principle with myself, now I’m making out a case to myself, and debating my own feelings and intentions with myself. Who is this self, this phantom internal partner, with whom I’m entering into all these arrangements? (I ask myself.)
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|We got to see a Corsair ship up close – all matt black, no markings, no lights – and practically invisible out here in the dark! What a sight to behold! Most people don’t get to see those bastards up close. That is, for very long! Anyways, the ship was just floating there, no sign of life. Our hails weren’t being answered, and so we assumed the ship was dead in space. Captain Mulligan, gods-rest-his-soul, told me to form a boarding party of security and medics from the sickbay and that we were going over there. We weren’t a military ship, and we’re not Star Marines, so we were lightly armed and quite nervous. I mean, this wasn’t just some of my security section being called out to break up a fight at one of the bars on the promenade, this was serious life-and-death shit! So I said ‘okay’, and told my assistant supervisor, Lisa Garfner, to get them all together. Seven of us shifted over to the other ship with the transmatter (you still use those things, I take it?) not knowing what to expect. It could’ve been anything… and it was. It was crazy.
Greg Bear|Friendship! Mysterious cement of the soul, Sweet'ner of life, and solder of society.
Cornelius Moore|There are 3 ways of handling a situation. You can either become part of the problem, part of the solution or part of the pavement..
Justin Trudeau|If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|eRemember though, that happiness can never be achieved through the expectations levied on another; such a notion is not doomed to fail—but is just doomed! Happiness can never be achieved through the distress or destruction that one imposes on the other person. When a child, now grown-up, does not resolve their deep-seeded anger with a parent or parents, the “other person” plays Hell trying to make-up for it. Married, divorced or dead, the 'other person' can never replace what was lost so muchearlier in the life and soul of the oppressed. Forgiveness must be the course for any future, substantive relationships.
Solitude's Friend|I always ask myself. Who was it that dyed my heart black, and left a spot for it to grow out from it?
T.S. Eliot|We are being made aware that the organization of society on the principle of private profit, as well as public destruction, is leading both to the deformation of humanity by unregulated industrialism, and to the exhaustion of natural resources, and that a good deal of our material progress is a progress for which succeeding generations may have to pay dearly.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|It was like Percy had faced death before, like he knew about grief. What mattered was listening. You didn’t need to say you were sorry. The only thing that helped was moving on—moving forward.
RVM|Have your own convictions. Believe in the laws of your conscience because if you believe in everything, you become nothing. -RVM
David Mutti Clark, Professor Brown Shoes Teaches the Blues|there's only one thing we can depends on when we dying, it's faith .
Mandy Hubbard, Ripple|Think like a middle-aged man with OCD, a dead wife, and a teenage daughter.Think like a woman with three teenage sons who once ran a golf cart into the side of their granddad's house.""Cameron and Sean shouldn't have let me drive," Adam said in his own defense. "I was seven.""You shouldn't have ASKED to drive. You were seven.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|You have a pet theory, one you have been turning over for years, that life itself is a kind of Rube Goldberg device, an extremely complicated machine designed to carry out the extremely simple task of constructing your soul.
Marilena Mexi|In your life, right here and now, things like mermaids, fairies, witches and monsters are nothing but fairytales told to your grandchildren and stories you heard from your own grandparents as children. They exist only in your imagination. Did you ever think that there is a chance all this was once real, that it all existed? Perhaps yes, but you would then consider such thoughts irrational, that even if you were to believe it and try telling someone they would think you for mad. In my world those creatures are real – I’m real, and I am here to tell you of a story that happened in eons past in the majestic island of Aster." - Queen of Merfolk Asteria - Ninemia
Benjamin Disraeli|The connections I draw between human nature and political systems in my new book, for example, were prefigured in the debates during the Enlightenment and during the framing of the American Constitution.
Ashley Jeffery, Released Lilith: Part 2|I pull on her tether all the time but it won’t sink in. I have a feeling I’m using too much magic. I can’t hold so many under my control and pull them in deep. Dean is the only one I have fully immersed. I am the puppet master. I am the only player on the board.Pacey doesn’t even know that the game has begun."-Lilith
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|Wherever you go you will find people lying to you, and as your awareness grows, you will notice that you also lie to yourself. Do not expect people to tell you the truth because they also lie to themselves. You have to trust yourself and choose to believe or not to believe what someone says to you.
Wilson Rawls, Where the Red Fern Grows|We are meaning-seeking creatures. Dogs, as far as we know, do not agonise about the canine condition, worry about the plight of dogs in other parts of the world, or try to see their lives from a different perspective. But human beings fall easily into despair, and from the very beginning we invented stories that enabled us to place our lives in a larger setting, that revealed an underlying pattern, and gave us a sense that, against all the depressing and chaotic evidence to the contrary, life had meaning and value
whoknows, Indestructible|I love you,” he says, still meeting Harry’s eyes, “and it took me a while to get here, but I think that maybe I’ve always loved you. But you wanna know the other thing that I know for sure? Besides the fact that I love you?”(...)“I’m always going to love you,” Louis says, tucking some of Harry’s hair behind his ear. “No matter what.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|A secret is a truth, hiding behind a mouth.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Conversion isn't, after all, a moment: It's a process, and it keeps happening, with cycles of acceptance and resistance, epiphany and doubt.
Claude Monet|Even in modern art, artists have used methods based on calculation, inasmuch as these elements, alongside those of a more personal and emotional nature, give balance and harmony to any work of art.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Anger usually only serves us, and even then, only very fleetingly.
Jerilee Kaye, Knight in Shining Suit|What's the point of keeping in touch with the girl you're crazy about, when you're dying?
Muriel Spark, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie|Six years previously, Miss Brodie had led her new class into the garden for a history lesson underneath the big elm. On the way through the school corridors they passed the headmistress's study. The door was wide open, the room was empty.'Little girls,' said Miss Brodie, 'come and observe this.'They clustered round the open door while she pointed to a large poster pinned with drawing-pins on the opposite wall within the room. It depicted a man's big face. Underneath were the words 'Safety First'.'This is Stanley Baldwin who got in as Prime Minister and got out again ere long,' said Miss Brodie. 'Miss Mackay retains him on the wall because she believes in the slogan "Safety First". But Safety does not come first. Goodness, Truth and Beauty come first. Follow me.
Bill Moyers|There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and there are patriots who supported the war in Iraq. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.
Upton Sinclair|There is one rule for politicians all over the world: Don't say in Power what you say in opposition; if you do, you only have to carry out what the other fellows have found impossible.
Chris I. Naylor, Wizard's Brew|The grass on the other side of the hill may well be greener, but you should always check that there isn't something with teeth and claws crouching in it.
Sunday Adelaja|our mission does not consist in our appearance, a beautiful haircut or in showing off our body, decorations and clothes
Jean Déchanet, Christian Yoga|If your self-worth is based on anything other than your relationship with Christ, you are in big trouble.
Gino Norris, Stress Diary Journal|Think of it, Dad. What if I have it in me to do that, and I don't try?
Zack W. Van|Money is not only the motivating factor, most of the time powerful positive words do
Ringo Starr|We... our war began September the 3rd 1939, with the invasion of Poland by Germany, and thereafter the great state of danger in England at that time, with the bombings, necessitated the evacuation of children.
Rachel Caine, Midnight Alley|Sam was stiff and tired. He crept onto the houseboat, careful not to wake anyone, and sidled down the narrow passage to his bunk. The shades were drawn and of course there were no lights, so he felt his way to the edge of his bed and crawled across it on hands and knees to find his pillow.He collapsed on his back.But even at the edge of sleep he was aware of something different about the bed.Then he felt soft breath on his cheek.He turned and her lips were on his. Not gentle. Not soft. She kissed him hard, and it was like he’d been awakened by an electric power line.She kissed him and slid on top of him.Their bodies did the rest.At some point in the hours that followed he said, “Astrid?”“Don’t you think you should have made sure of that about three times ago?” Astrid said in her familiar, slightly condescending tone.They said many things to each other after that, but nothing that involved words.
Vikram Seth, An Equal Music|I walk across the park to her flat. It is over-heated and there is a great deal of pink. This used not to unnerve me. Now when I step into the bathroom I recoil.Pink bath, pink basin, pink toilet, pink bidet, pink tiles, pink wallpaper, pink rug. Brushes, soap, tooth brush, silk flowers, toilet paper: all pink. Even the little foot-operated waste-bin is pale pink. I know this little waste-bin well. Every time I sleep here I wonder what I am doing with my time and hers. She is sixteen years younger than I am. She is not the woman with whom I want to share my life. But, having begun, what we have continues. She wants it to, and I go along with it, through lust and loneliness, I suppose; and laziness, and lack of focus.
James E. Faust|My biggest flaw is probably my attention span or lack thereof. And while it might seem contradictory, my biggest strength is my work ethic.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Slowly, quietly, like snow-flakes—like the small flakes that come when it is going to snow all night—little flakes of me, my impressions, my selections, are settling down on the image of her. The real shape wil be quite hidden in the end.
Mehmet Murat ildan|History shows us that people often make mistakes, they give wrong decisions, they vote for the wrong persons! And history also shows us that in the end they pay a heavy price for it!
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|The truth is that he wanted to draw a little comfort from gazing at the stars. There were still one or two up there, at the zenith. As always, seeing them revived him; they were distant, they were omnipotent and at the same time they were docile to his calculations; just the contrary to humans, always too near, so weak and yet so quarrelsome.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|It's supposed to be jolly, with mistletoe and holly... and other things ending in olly.
M.A. George, Relativity|You and your ‘potential’,” I lazily rolled my eyes. “According to you, everyone has it…and no one is living up to it.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Huntsman, What Quarry?|Healthy people understand that others have the capacity to choose to end relationships and it serves as motivation for them to learn to relate in healthy and loving ways. However, when we are driven by shame, we don't just fear losing a relationship, but we live in terror that if we let anyone really get to know us, we would never be desired, pursued, or loved. In us, that fear can be worked out in the development of unhealthy denial, workaholism, perfectionism, chameleon-type behavior, and sadly, even revictimization... When we live in denial or present a false self out of fear... we will do anything to be accepted by people... When we begin to tell the truth about what happened to us we also begin the process of turning about from this type of idolatry... When we begin to tear away our layers of illegitimate shame... When our own vision is not distorted by our shame we can discern what was our responsibility and what wasn't.
Katherine Ramsland, The Science of Vampires|First of all, a**hole, I’m not into voodoo and if I was I wouldn’t use it for this. Second, we came over here for a reason and we aren’t leaving until you hear us out.” Jennifer was good and pissed. Finding a Nyhiya was supposed to be a happy time. Not this bulls***. Stupid Alpha males.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A soldier serves not to take, they don't strive to have something, but rather they strive so that others might one day have something. And a blade isn't a happy friend to a soldier, but a burden, a heavy one, to be used scrupulously and carefully. A good soldier does everything they can so they do not have to kill. That's what training is for. But if we have to, we will. And when we do that we give up some part of ourselves, as we're asked to do.
Deyth Banger|Two friends... let's put them place... they have never been in jail, give them a knife some reasonable conflicts some doubts and watch the effect.
Yves Behar|I love cities, I spend most of my life talking about cities. And the design of cities does have an effect on your life. You're lucky if you can see trees out of your window and you have a square nearby, or a bar, a cornershop, a surgery. Then you're living well.
Charles Bukowski|And now it is said of meThat my love is nothing because I have borne no children, Or because I have fathered none;That I twisted the twig in my handsAnd cut the blossom free too soon from the seed;That I lay across the fire,And snuffed it dead sooner than draft or rain.But I have turned away, and drawn myself Upright to walk along the room alone. Across the dark the spines of cactus plants Remind me how I go—aloof, obscure, Indifferent to the words the children chalk Against my house and down the garden walls. They cannot tear the garden out of me,Nor smear my love with names. Love is a cliff, A clear, cold curve of stone, mottled by stars, smirched by the morning, carved by the dark sea Till stars and dawn and waves can slash no more, Till the rock’s heart is found and shaped again.I keep the house and say no words, the evening Falls like a petal down the shawl of trees. I light the fire and see the blossom dance On air alone; I will not douse that flame, That searing flower; I will burn in it.I will not banish love to empty rain.For I know that I am asked to hate myself For their sweet sakeWho sow the world with child.I am given to burn on the dark fire they make With their sly voices.But I have burned already down to bone. There is a fire that burns beyond the namesOf sludge and filth of which this world is made. Agony sears the dark flesh of the body,And lifts me higher than the smoke, to rise Above the earth, above the sacrifice;Until my soul flares outward like a blue Blossom of gas fire dancing in mid-air:Free of the body’s work of twisted iron.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|I saw in their eyes something I was to see over and over in every part of the nation- a burning desire to go, to move, to get under way, anyplace, away from any Here. They spoke quietly of how they wanted to go someday, to move about, free and unanchored, not toward something but away from something. I saw this look and heard this yearning everywhere in every states I visited. Nearly every American hungers to move.
Ellen Meister, Dorothy Parker Drank Here|Unlike your mother," she said, exhaling, "I told the culprit immediately. I thought at the very least he would visit me in the hospital after it was all done, but the son of a bitch sent me a get well card. Can you imagine? Serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|Did you know I always thought you were braver than me? Did you ever guess that that was why I was so afraid? It wasn't that I only loved some of you. But I wondered if you could ever love more than some of me. I knew I'd miss you. But the surprising thing is, you never leave me. I never forget a thing. Every kind of love, it seems, is the only one. It doesn't happen twice. And I never expected that you could have a broken heart and love with it too, so much that it doesn't seem broken at all. I know young people look at me and think my youth seems so far away, but it's all around me, and you're all around me. Tiger Lily, do you think magic exists if it can be explained? I can explain why I loved you, I can explain the theory of evolution that tells me why mermaids live in Neverland and nowhere else. But it still feels magic. The lost boys all stood at our wedding. Does it seem odd to you that they could have stood at a wedding that wasn't yours and mine? It does to me. and I'm sorry for it, and for a lot, and I also wouldn't change it. It is so quiet here. Even with all the trains and the streets and the people. It's nothing like the jungle. The boys have grown. Everything has grown. Do you think you will ever grow? I hope not. I like to think that even if I change and fade away, some other people won't. I like to think that one day after I die, at least one small particle of me - of all the particles that will spread everywhere - will float all the way to Neverland, and be part of a flower or something like that, like that poet said, the one that your Tik Tok loved. I like to think that nothing's final, and that everyone gets to be together even when it looks like they don't, that it all works out even when all the evidence seems to say something else, that you and I are always young in the woods, and that I'll see you sometime again, even if it's not with any kind of eyes I know of or understand. I wouldn't be surprised if that is the way things go after all - that all things end happy. Even for you and Tik Tok. and for you and me.Always, Your PeterP.S. Please give my love to Tink. She was always such a funny little bug.
Matt      Chandler|This was especially true in some millennialist sects that filled their literature with paintings of Armageddon. Pictures of terrified people running away from some formless fiery doom that burned their world down behind them, while smug worshipers—of the correct religion, of course—watched from safety as God got with the smiting.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Neel cuts in: "Where'd you grow up?""Palo Alto," she says. From there to Stanford to Google: for a girl obsessed with the outer limits of human potential, Kat has stayed pretty close to home. Neel nods knowingly. "The suburban mind cannot comprehend the emergent complexity of a New York sidewalk.""I don't know about that," Kat says, narrowing her eyes. "I'm pretty good with complexity.""See, I know what you're thinking," Neel says, shaking his head."You're thinking it's just an agent-based simulation, and everybody out here follows a pretty simple set of rules"-- Kat is nodding--"and if you can figure out those rules, you can model it. You can simulate the street, then the neighborhood, then the whole city. Right?""Exactly. I mean, sure, I don't know what the rules are yet, but I could experiment and figure them out, and then it would be trivial--" "Wrong," Neel says, honking like a game-show buzzer. "You can't do it. Even if you know the rules-- and by the way, there are no rules--but even if there were, you can't model it. You know why?"My best friend and my girlfriend are sparring over simulations. I can only sit back and listen. Kat frowns. "Why?""You don't have enough memory.""Oh, come on--""Nope. You could never hold it all in memory. No computer's big enough. Not even your what's-it-called--""The Big Box.""That's the one. It's not big enough. This box--" Neel stretches out his hands, encompasses the sidewalk, the park, the streets beyond--"is bigger."The snaking crowd surges forward.
Julian Baggini|A lot of artists think they want anger. But a real, strong, bitter anger occupies the mind, leaving no room for creativity.
James McAvoy|I'm a workhorse. I'll take anything and everything I can get, and I'll do it with a smile on my face.
Jaime Rush|Random line from BURNING DARKNESS: Fonda Raine stepped out of the back end of a month in hell a hardened warrior, ready to undertake the most important task of her life: kill Eric Aruda.
Dr. Vivencio Ballano|Romance is a veiled reality, while marriage is the unveiling of reality!
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|I do not understand what I do....It is no longer I myself who do it, but it is sin living in me...For what I do is not the good I want to do; no, the evil I do not want to do - this I keep on doing...I find this law at work: when I want to do good, evil is right there with me...I delight in God's law; but I see another law at work in the members of my body, waging war against the law of my mind and making me a prisoner of the law of sin...I myself in my mind am a slave to God's law, but in the sinful nature a slave to the law of sin.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|In the depths of his tiredness, surrounded by these blank, sheep-like visages, he found himself pondering the accidents that had brought all of them into being. Every birth was, viewed properly, mere chance. With a hundred million sperm swimming blindly through the darkness, the odds against a person becoming themselves were staggering.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|About potentials, ,decipher(decode),discern, decide and determine what they are
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|I touched the moon last night;a golden glow beyond my grasp.Eons before me it rested there.It will remain when I am dust.My hand now glows from the embrace.Voices echo through nights past,and with the glow, caress my face.My finger faints from what will last.Alone I am; alone secure;the moon will last when I am gone.A Master set it in its’ place,to move the tide, refresh the dawn.Unnumbered eyes have felt its rest;have looked upon reflected light.My heart is moved away from pain;I touched the moon last night.
William James|Not that I would not, if I could, be both handsome ...and well-dressed, and a great athlete, and make a million a year, be a wit, a bon-vivant, and a lady-killer, as well as a philosopher; a philanthropist, statesman, warrior, and African explorer, as well as a ‘tone poet’ and saint. But the thing is simply impossible…Such different characters may conceivably at the outset of life be alike possible to a man. But to make any one of them actual, the rest must more or less be suppressed. So the seeker of his truest, strongest, deepest self must review the list carefully, and pick out the one on which to stake his salvation. All other selves thereupon become unreal…
Justin Lee|What we fail to realize is we often become like Pharisees in our ruthless attempts to identify Pharisees (and impostors). While indeed some people use the old laws of religious pride to tear down men of God, others use the new laws of anti-religious anger to tear down men of God.
Little Mix|I haven't changed, but I know I ain't the same.
Arundhati Roy, War Talk|Our strategy should be not only to confront empire, but to lay siege to it. To deprive it of oxygen. To shame it. To mock it. With our art, our music, our literature, our stubbornness, our joy, our brilliance, our sheer relentlessness – and our ability to tell our own stories. Stories that are different from the ones we’re being brainwashed to believe. The corporate revolution will collapse if we refuse to buy what they are selling – their ideas, their version of history, their wars, their weapons, their notion of inevitability. Remember this: We be many and they be few. They need us more than we need them. Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|I, on the other hand, still might not be considered a proper adult. I had been very grown-up in primary school. But as I continued through secondary school, I in fact became less grown-up. And then as the years passed, I turned into quite a childlike person. I suppose I just wasn't able to ally myself with time.
Jack Dancer, Detour Paris|For nurturing the mind, there’s nothing like paring your desires away to a very few. If you have few desires, there may still be some capricious whims in your mind, but they’ll be few. If you have many desires, there may be some enduring principles in your mind, but they’ll be few indeed.
Nigel  Holloway, Second Death|If Amazon’s dream of a world without gatekeepers becomes reality, then the company itself will become a powerful gatekeeper.
David Frum|I've always been fond of the saying that when it comes to oversight and reform, the federal government does two things well: nothing and overreact.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Abel was brushing the snow off his parka while Micha was dancing around him, still balancing the plate of cookies, singing, 'We're staying, we're staying, we're staying overnight! We're drying! We're drying! We're drying on the line!
Tamora Pierce, Melting Stones|Every now and then I like to do as I'm told, just to confuse people.
Ramana Pemmaraju|At last I found love in literature, songs, movies except my Life. Should i thank myself for discovering the feeling or should I lament that it was never part of my life?
George Boole|[Regarding mathematics,] there are now few studies more generally recognized, for good reasons or bad, as profitable and praiseworthy. This may be true; indeed it is probable, since the sensational triumphs of Einstein, that stellar astronomy and atomic physics are the only sciences which stand higher in popular estimation.
Hanif Hassan Barbhuiya|I took my menial life for granted until it became clear, why my early years resulted in a lack of adoption.- J.D. Stroube (Rival: Prelude to the Mirage Chronicles.)
Jamie Oliver|Look, all this is about is utilizing the rules of the Senate, using a majority of the senators, to make sure that we get health reform done. We cannot wait another day.
Ryan Winfield, South of Bixby Bridge|We should trust people to be exactly what they have proven themselves to be, no more and no less.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Yes, there is an outside world, and yes, there is an objective reality, but in moving through this world, we constantly apply unconscious filter mechanisms, and in doing so, we unknowingly construct our own individual world, which is our "reality tunnel.
James Orbinski, An Imperfect Offering: Humanitarian Action in the Twenty-first Century|war. Or, rather, wars. Not one, not two, but many wars, both big and small, just and unjust, wars with shifting casts of supposed heroes and villains, each new hero making one increasingly nostalgic for the old villain. The names changed, as did the faces, and I spit on them equally for all the petty feuds, the snipers, the land mines, bombing raids, the rockets, the looting and raping and killing.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|The provisions for the poor which structure both land ownership and the sacred calendar in ancient Israel, the rights of gleaners and of those widows, orphans, and strangers who pass through the fields, and the cycles of freedom from debt and restoration of alienated persons and property, all work against the emergence of the poor as a class, as people marked by deprivation and hopelessness.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Some victims do need to "blame" themselves and take responsibility.
Alice B. Emerson|In spite of the surprises and anxieties and responsibilities of living, this was rather a nice world.
Janis Joplin|When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
Margaret Mitchell|With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
Victor Hugo|Even if I could live forever,” she said to the baby, “I still don’t know which way I would teach you. I was once so free and innocent. I too laughed for no reason."“But later I threw away my foolish innocence to protect myself. And then I taught my daughter, your mother, to shed her innocence so she would not be hurt as well.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.
Angel Death|if i had forever to do whatever i wanted, i would spend three years in reality and spend the rest of my time just thinking and decrypting what i saw and what would have happened to make it like so.
Anna Cruise, If I Fall|Loving for beauty is like vowing a lifetime commitment to a rose. No-matter how sweet-scented or pink "petald", every rose withers.
Ralph Linton|[The] tremendous and still accelerating development of science and technology has not been accompanied by an equal development in social, economic, and political patterns...We are now...only beginning to explore the potentialities which it offers for developments in our culture outside technology, particularly in the social, political and economic fields. It is safe to predict that...such social inventions as modern-type Capitalism, Fascism, and Communism will be regarded as primitive experiments directed toward the adjustment of modern society to modern methods
Zoran Stojkovski|In a company of children and grown-ups, the latter are those who should demonstrate good manners and always let the children speak first.
Marianne Williamson|When the war was in progress, England and France agreed wholeheartedly with the Fourteen Points. As soon as the war was won, England, France, and Italy tried to frustrate Wilson's program because it was in conflict with their imperialist policies. As a consequence, the Peace Treaty was one of the most unequal treaties ever negotiated in history.
George Santayana|The world will burn for a hundred years. Fire will consume the things we made from wood and plastic and rubber and cloth, then water and wind and time will chew the stone and steel into dust. How baffling it is that we imagined cities incinerated by alien bombs and death rays when all they needed was Mother Nature and time.
Laura Marney, No Wonder I Take A Drink|In the space, the pause between this breath and the one that follows, you have made a home inside me.
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Front and Center|I was hoping that perhaps I could roll with you...""You cannot roll with me," said the Big O, "but perhaps you can roll by yourself.
Kailin Gow, Bitter Frost|The denizens of Feyland find the absence of magic to be quite funny. I mean no offense. ”“None taken.”“For example – In the Land Over the Crystal River (for that's how we refer to humans), there was once a man and a woman. And the man was in love with the woman, and wanted her for himself. But because he had no magic, he couldn't feel whether or not there was a “pull” towards her or not, so he didn't know whether she loved him or not. So what did he do?”“What?”“He had to ASK her!” Kian couldn't help laughing.“I don't get it!”“Ask her!” said Kian. “It's funny – because he didn't have magic.” His laughter grew louder and less controlled, tinkling like bells in the winter snow. “He had to ask her!”I realized that there were some cultural barriers Kian and I might never transcend.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|Her thoughts are full of other things just now; and people have such different ways of showing feeling: some by silence, some by words.
Jewel E. Ann, Undeniably You|And what does it amount to?" said Satan, with his evil chuckle. "Nothing at all. You gain nothing; you always come out where you went in. For a million years the race has gone on monotonously propagating itself and monotonously reperforming this dull nonsense--to what end? No wisdom can guess! Who gets a profit out of it? Nobody but a parcel of usurping little monarchs and nobilities who despise you; would feel defiled if you touched them; would shut the door in your face if you proposed to call; whom you slave for, fight for, die for, and are not ashamed of it, but proud; whose existence is a perpetual insult to you and you are afraid to resent it; who are mendicants supported by your alms, yet assume toward you the airs of benefactor toward beggar; who address you in the language of master to slave, and are answered in the language of slave to master; who are worshiped by you with your mouth, while in your heart--if you have one--you despise yourselves for it. The first man was a hypocrite and a coward, qualities which have not yet failed in his line; it is the foundation upon which all civilizations have been built.
Paul Stamets|If your access to health care involves your leaving work and driving somewhere and parking and waiting for a long time, that's not going to promote healthiness.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|You could start a fire with the heat between you two.""You're mistaking bitter animosity for heartfelt affection.
Jee, Because It's You|Aku mencintainya tanpa diketahui.Aku mencintainya dalam diam.Aku mencintainya dalam satu sudut pandang.Aku mencintainya di satu sisi.Ya, aku percaya.Jika takdirku adalah dirimu,kau akan memilihku. Nanti.
Jonathan Franzen, Farther Away|My conception of a novel is that it ought to be a personal struggle, a direct and total engagement with the author's story of his or her own life. This conception, again, I take from Kafka, who, although he was never transformed into an insect, and although he never had a piece of food (an apple from his family's table!) lodged in his flesh and rotting there, devoted his whole life as a writer to describing his personal struggle with his family, with women, with moral law, with his Jewish heritage, with his Unconscious, with his sense of guilt, and with the modern world. Kafka's work, which grows out of the nighttime dreamworld in Kafka's brain, is *more* autobiographical than any realistic retelling of his daytime experiences at the office or with his family or with a prostitute could have been. What is fiction, after all, if not a kind of purposeful dreaming? The writer works to create a dream that is vivid and has meaning, so that the reader can then vividly dream it and experience meaning. And work like Kafka's, which seems to proceed directly from dream, is therefore an exceptionally pure form of autobiography. There's an important paradox here that I would like to stress: the greater the autobiographical content of a fiction writer's work, the *smaller* its superficial resemblance to the writer's actual life. The deeper the writer digs for meaning, the more the random particulars of the writer's life become *impediments* to deliberate dreaming.
H. G. Wells|When you feel sad, it's okay. It's not the end of the world. Everyone has those days when you doubt yourself, and when you feel like everything you do sucks, but then there's those days when you feel like Superman. It's just the balance of the world. I just write to feel better.
Bryant Simon, Everything but the Coffee: Learning about America from Starbucks|Commercial agriculture can survive within pluralistic American society, as we know it - if the farm is rebuilt on some of the values with which it is popularly associated: conservation, independence, self-reliance, family, and community. To sustain itself, commercial agriculture will have to reorganize its social and economic structure as well as its technological base and production methods in a way that reinforces these values.
Annie Dillard|Everyone thinks I live alone, but I don't. My characters all live with me.
J.M. Stewart, A Second Chance at Forever|Bending the law is different from breaking, my lovely, strategically-challenged Francesca.
Louis Tomlinson|Bad acting comes in many bags, various odors. It can be performed by cardboard refugees from an Ed Wood movie, reciting their dialogue off an eye chart, or by hopped-up pros looking to punch a hole through the fourth wall from pure ballistic force of personality, like Joe Pesci in a bad mood. I can respect bad acting that owns its own style.
Darnell Lamont Walker|When I walk in, they may like me or dislike me, but everybody knows I'm here
Edmund Campion, Great Australian Catholics|If he had given away anything else, he would have been charged with indecent exposure.
Heather Heffner, Year of the Tiger|He knew how hot those rumbly-grumbly, gravel-voiced noises made her: hotter than two rats wrestling in a wool sock…only not as scratchy. Or as smelly. Probably less squeaky, too. But she had to be strong. For the sake of her children. For the sake of her winery. For the sake of her poor, battered heart. For the sake of this story, which would be over far too quickly if she gave in to him now.
Victoria H. Smith, The Crimson Hunt|When he flashed that rockin’ smile of his again, I couldn’t help but think that me being cute was what might be crossing his mind. Then again, maybe he thought I was a dumbass. Either way, he smiled, which was good enough for me. - Ariel
Cassondra Windwalker|In those days, I still thoroughly enjoyed the romance I called "by myself"; I didn't know yet how it gets lonely, picks up a sharp edge later on that ruins a day now and then-- ruins more than that, if you're not careful.
John  Mole, It's All Greek to Me!: A Tale of a Mad Dog and an Englishman, Ruins, Retsina--and Real Greeks|Culture in any place always goes top down, never bottom up. We need to step back and look at what kind of environment we have created for ourselves and those around us. It is tough to expect positive behavior in a negative environment. Where lawlessness becomes the law, honest citizens become cheats, crooks and thieves.
Raven-Symone|I wasn't as used to the new dumb questions, so when men I had once thought of as wise daddies now asked me 'How do you write?' I did not try and spill red wine in their suede pants. I would just smile and say, 'On a typewriter in the mornings when there's nothing else to do.'
Zen Cho, Sorcerer to the Crown|... it is strange to know you would be cast off by the people who greet you so warmly, if they knew the whole truth about you.
Richelle Mead, Iron Crowned|As J. B. S. Haldane said when asked what evidence might contradict evolution, 'Fossil rabbits in the Precambrian.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Becoming “new” in Christ is a wonderful beginning, but it isn’t the end of pain or problems in our lives. It is the beginning of our facing up to them. Being a Christian involves a lifetime of hard work, dedicated study, and difficult decisions.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Do you see that out there? The strange, unfamiliar light? It's called the sun. Let's go get us a little.
Jonah Books.com|To define leadership then we must first look to the Godhead, the Triune God. In that way we begin with perfection, while at the same time need to understand that humanity is not of the essence of God. The great news is God is in charge. Nothing frustrates, threatens, or interrupts the plan of God; it begins in eternity and is completed in eternity (1 Peter 1:1, 2; Ephesians 1:3-14).
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|When I leave her, I will have few regrets. But those that I have, are magnificent.
Richard Dawkins|God is His own Design and End, and that there is no other Worthy of Him.
Marie Stopes|You're beautiful, like a May fly.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I had two cups of coffee, put Eric's jeans in the washer, read a romance for awhile, and studied my brand-new Word of the Day calendar, a Christmas gift from Arlene. My first word of the New Year was 'exsanguinate.' This was probably not a good omen.
Bob Proctor|See yourself living in abundance and you will attract it. It always works, it works every time with every person
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When I find that stubbornness continually overrides common sense regardless of the logic of my argument, it seems that the only effective solution is to tell them to go ahead and stick their finger in the socket. And what I find is that what my argument failed to solve, electricity does quite nicely.
Terry Carr|If the Holy Bible was printed as an Ace Double it would be cut down to two 20,000-word halves with the Old Testament retitled as ‘Master of Chaos’ and the New Testament as ‘The Thing With Three Souls.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The length of the fall is dictated by how far we had climbed. The outcome of the fall is dictated by whether we’re holding on to that which we’re climbing, or we’re letting God hold onto us.
Pope Francis, Encountering Truth: Meeting God in the Everyday|The problem is not in being sinners, the problem is when we don't let ourselves be transformed in love by the encounter with Christ.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The learnin' mind is the livin' mind... an' any sort o' smart is truesome smart, old smart or new, high smart or low.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I will admit that we as young rebels always wanted fundamentalists to understand our take on their religion, but rarely, if ever, the other way around. The fundamentalists are the real artists. If you saw only a masterpiece of an original painting and someone threw a splash of red across it saying that their version is better, you would be offended too.
Eugene V. Debs|The dead are mute, but the living still have voice with which to protest their innocence. Often their objections are noisy and pious, impossible to refute since the person who could condemn them has been silenced forever.
Emma Watson|Don’t let anyone tell you what you can and can’t do or achieve. Do what you want to do and be who you want to be. Just encourage and include each other, don’t ostracize the gender in front of you.
Laura Smith|Mike couldn’t believe that Mr. Mackey’s secret tragedy was connected to his store, and no one had ever told him.“Do you think he’d ever take it back?”	“Why would he? His son was never found, and he still blames your dad for it. I think it’s his way of making himself feel better about the accident. He thinks horror movies are evil or something.”	“That’s stupid. Most kids are more scared of him than they are of horror movies,” Mike said, “He shouldn’t blame my dad.”	“He thinks he’s protecting the kids,” Tim said, rolling his eyes. 	“Well, if he is trying to save kids, why is he so mean to us? Everyone’s afraid of him. Even Jack.”	“I don’t know. I guess he’s just a cranky old man. Don’t take it personally. He’s had it rough. He has to stand on that playground everyday knowing that just over that fence, his son’s body is down there somewhere.”	 “Then why doesn’t he teach at another school?”	“I don’t know, bud. Sometimes people just like to torture themselves.” - Saving Hascal's Horrors
Melissa B. Kruger, Walking with God in the Season of Motherhood: An Eleven-Week Devotional Bible Study|The ability to extend kindness requires an other-awareness. We are apt to miss the needs of those around us if we remain self-focused. Helping children to see the needs of others will bless them with perspective on their own lives, as well as propel them toward good works that display the kindness of God.
Maxwell Maltz|There's a silly notion that failure's not an option at NASA. Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough.
Anonymous|When life throws a lemon at you, you throw it straight back at life and miss completely. That's my logic.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|How can we know the dancer from the dance? Did Yeats create his poems, or did his poetry make him a poet? How does one separate the creator from hiscreation? They create each other. On a mutual plane of reference, one has no existence without the other.
Che Guevara|Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I don't want to be a vampire' she told herself. But in her dreams, she kind of did.
C.J. Redwine, The Shadow Queen|I love you best, and I'll miss you forever.
Kay Larson, Where the Heart Beats: John Cage, Zen Buddhism, and the Inner Life of Artists|So it is with the places preparing to teach us. It's only when the heart begins to beat wildly and without pattern—when it begins to realize its boundlessness—that its newly adamant pulse bangs on the walls of its cage and is bruised by its enclosure... To feel the heart pound is only the beginning. Next is to feel the hurt—the tearing of the psyche—the prelude of entry into the place one has always feared. One fears that place because of being drawn to it, loving it, and wanting to be taught by it. Without the need to be taught, who would feel the psyche rip? Without the bruise, who would know where the walls are?
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|The two stand in the fast-thinning throng of victims, but they speak as if they were alone. Eye to eye, voice to voice, hand to hand, heart to heart, these two children of the Universal Mother, else so wide apart and differing, have come together on the dark highway, to repair home together and to rest in her bosom.
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|Because it is such a powerful force in the world today, the Western Judeo-Christian tradition is often accepted as the arbiter of 'natural' behavior of humans. If Europeans and their descendant nations of North America accept something as normal, then anything different is seen as abnormal. Such a view ignores the great diversity of human experience.
C. JoyBell C.|Just as Napoleon was the sole authority in the state, so the husband and father was to exercise authority over his family. Unfortunately the only possible result of despotism on either level is hypocrisy.
Ally Condie, Matched|A scientist doesn't know all the answers. Nobody does, not even teachers. But a scientist keeps on trying to find the answers.
Rob Martin|The most important precept is to be aware of WHO WE ARE!“Who we are,” he said, underlining each word as he said it. “Who we are! Us! Right? What kind of people are we? What kind of person are you? Isn’t that the most important thing of all? Isn’t that the kind of question we should be asking ourselves all the time? “What kind of person am I?Learning who you are is what your are here to do.
Tony Jones|One of our group said that a lot of people in church spend a lot of time correcting each other these days, but in order to correct another person in love, you really have to know that person. Only then, she told us, can you practice the kind of community that the Didache teaches.
Rebel Wilson|Barack Obama hopes his famous health care victory will mark him as a transformative president. History, however, may judge it to have been his missed opportunity to be one.
Katherine Mansfield, Prelude|Does the hatred you feel ever disappear? Or is it something that never goes away... No matter how many times you try to erase it? What I have always feared the most... Is myself. Because I, too, have hatred inside me.
Mstislav Rostropovich|The artist must forget the audience, forget the critics, forget the technique, forget everything but love for the music.Then, the music speaks through the performance,and the performer and the listener will walk togetherwith the soul of the composer, and withGod.
Mayank S. Sengar, Life and The Grey Notes|Reality is always different than words or a story sometimes it's better, many time not truthful.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|A securely attached child will store an internal working model of a responsive, loving, reliable care-giver, and of a self that is worthy of love and attention and will bring these assumptions to bear on all other relationships. Conversely, an insecurely attached child may view the world as a dangerous place in which other people are to be treated with great caution, and see himself as ineffective and unworthy of love. These assumptions are relatively stable and enduring: those built up in the early years of life are particularly persistent and unlikely to be modified by subsequent experience.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|But I will not tell you how long or short the way will be; only that it lies across a river. But do not fear that, for I am the great Bridge Builder.
H.G. Wells|And yet, winning is like a welcome drink going down your throat, like a beautiful embrace. It is brilliant while it lasts but it isn't forever. The high eventually melts away and the journey of life begins afresh. The truly remarkable among us visit these highs periodically; winning then becomes a journey, a graph where each point is crucial but is in reality merely part of a larger curve.
Eva Longoria|The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and feel her position of observer: the activity must lie in the phenomenon.
Alan Kreider, The Change of Conversion and the Origin of Christendom|Imitation finds no place at all in morality, and examples serve only for encouragement, that is, they put beyond doubt the feasibility of what the law commands, they make visible that which the practical rule expresses more generally, but they can never authorize us to set aside the true original which lies in reason, and to guide ourselves by examples.
Anonymous|It's not your end goal that gives life to your required actions, it's your required actions that give life to your end goal.
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Waterfall|He was shockingly easy to follow. The pressure of his hand, the step of his foot, the angle of his frame... it was like reading his mind. When he leaned right, they turned in perfect unison. He swept her across the gallery in a quick three, a dizzying pace. Gilded frames and glass cases and the window blurred in her vision, and Azalea spun out, her skirts pulling and poofing around her, before he caught her and brought her back into dance position. She could almost hear music playing, swelling inside of her.Mother had once told her about this perfect twining into one. She called it interweave, and said it was hard to do, for it took the perfect matching of the partners’ strengths to overshadow each other’s weaknesses, meshing into one glorious dance. Azalea felt the giddiness of being locked in not a pairing, but a dance. So starkly different than dancing with Keeper. Never that horrid feeling that she owed him something; no holding her breath, wishing for the dance to end. Now, spinning from Mr. Bradford’s hand, her eyes closed, spinning back and feeling him catch her, she felt the thrill of the dance, of being matched, flow through her.”Heavens, you’re good!” said Azalea, breathless.”You’re stupendous,” said Mr. Bradford, just as breathless. “It’s like dancing with a top!
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Logically, I understand that it wasn't Edward's fault my family fell apart after he left. But when you're eleven years old, you don't give a flip about logic. You just really miss holding your big brother's hand.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The path towards living in a spiritual manner begins by eliminating inculcated cultural biases, destroying personal illusions, and gratefully accepting the world without sentimental artifice. Emotional detachment provides for clarity of vision.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As far as I can go, I will reach for it.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|One of the most common platitudes we heard was that “words failed.” But words were not failing us at all. It was not true that there was no way to describe our experience. We had plenty of language to talk to each other about the horror of what was happening, and talk we did. If there was a communication problem it was that there were too many words; they were far too heavy and too specific to be inflicted upon others. If something was failing it was the functionality of routine, platitudinous language—the comforting clichés were now inapplicable and perfectly useless. We instinctively protected other people from the knowledge we possessed; we let them think that words failed, because we knew they didn’t want to be familiar with the vocabulary we used daily. We were sure they didn’t want to know what we did; we didn’t want to know it either.
Carol Cassella, Oxygen|The completely profound senselessness of my own existence explodes into it's own blissful freedom. There is no impending moment, no past moment, only this one, and without past there is no sorrow, and without future there can be no loss.
Todd Stocker|in prayer, God does want your words, he wants your heart. He doesn’t track your eloquence, he treasures your soul.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|You can't make people love you. Love isn't something you earn, or something you deserve. Love just is. Or it isn't. Anyway, there are more important things than love. Like service. Being of service. With love, you're waiting around for someone to give it to you. But service, that's something you give. And you don't have to give it just to people you love. It doesn't matter who you serve. It's the serving that matters.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|I don’t have many friends, not the living, breathing sort at any rate. And I don’t mean that in a sad and lonely way; I’m just not the type of person who accumulates friends or enjoys crowds. I’m good with words, but not spoken kind; I’ve often thought what a marvelous thing it would be if I could only conduct relationships on paper. And I suppose, in a sense, that’s what I do, for I’ve hundreds of the other sort, the friends contained within bindings, pages after glorious pages of ink, stories that unfold the same way every time but never lose their joy, that take me by the hand and lead me through doorways into worlds of great terror and rapturous delight. Exciting, worthy, reliable companions - full of wise counsel, some of them - but sadly ill-equipped to offer the use of a spare bedroom for a month or two.
Twinkle Khanna|My mom's an angel, bless her heart, for everything I put her through.
Jane Campion|This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.
Neal Shusterman, The Schwa Was Here|...the Statue of Liberty's got this invitation: 'Give me your tired, your poor, your reeking homeless--''Huddled masses,' said Ira. 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.'...Okay, fine. So like everybody in the old countries says, 'Hey, I'm a huddled mass,' and they all wanna come over.
Beyonce Knowles|I hate birthdays. I thought that I only hated my own birthday, and then I realized that I hate my children's birthdays too.
Sunday Adelaja|God, who created us, has a pre-determined destiny for everyone
Robin Williams|I think to be a great quarterback, you have to have a great leadership, great attention to detail, and a relentless competitive nature. And that's what I try to bring to the table, and I have a long way to go. I'm still learning, and I'm still on a constant quest for knowledge.
Winston S. Churchill|To reach a port we must set sail –Sail, not tie at anchorSail, not drift.
David Morrell, First Blood|The true rightist is not a man who wants to go back to this or that institution for the sake of a return; he wants first to find out what is eternally true, eternally valid, and then either to restore or reinstall it, regardless of whether it seems obsolete, whether it is ancient, contemporary, or even without precedent, brand new, "ultramodern." Old truths can be rediscovered, entirely new ones found. The Man of the Right does not have a time-bound, but a sovereign mind.
Charles Kettering|If you don't take the chance to live life, what can you say at the end of it?
Wilhelm von Humboldt|Faith can be interested in results only, for a truth once recognized as such puts an end to the believer's thinking.
Marsden Wagner, Born in the USA: How a Broken Maternity System Must Be Fixed to Put Women and Children First|... we die, just as we were born, at the edge of a road not of our choosing.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|Today only the person who no longer believes in a happy ending, only he who has consciously renounced it, is able to live. A happy century does not exist; but there are moments of happiness, and there is freedom in the moment.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|I'm not intimidated by anyone. Everyone is made with two arms, two legs, a stomach and a head. Just think about that.
Paula Hendricks|There was no way to abandon guilt, no decent way to disown it. All the tangles and knots of bitterness and desperation and fear had to be pitied. No, better, grace had to fall over them.
Susie Bright|It is not the greatness of a man's means that makes him independent, so much as the smallness of his wants.
Daisaku Ikeda, Discussions on Youth|I cannot say this too strongly: Do not compare yourselves to others. Be true to who you are, and continue to learn with all your might.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|We live, all of us, in sprung rhythm. Even in cities, folk stir without knowing it to the surge in the blood that is the surge and urgency of season. In being born, we have taken seisin of the natural world, and as ever, it is the land which owns us, not we, the land. Even in the countryside, we dwell suspended between the rhythms of earth and season, weather and sky, and those imposed by metropolitan clocks, at home and abroad.When does the year begin? No; ask rather, When does it not? For us – all of us – as much as for Mr Eliot, midwinter spring is its own season; for all of us, if we but see it, our world is as full of time-coulisses as was Thomas Mann’s.Countrymen know this, with the instinct they share with their beasts. Writers want to know it also, and to articulate what the countryman knows and cannot, perhaps, express to those who sense but do not know, immured in sad conurbations, rootless amidst Betjeman’s frightful vision of soot and stone, worker’s flats and communal canteens, where it is the boast of pride that a man doesn’t let the grass grow under his feet.As both countryman and writer, I have a curious relationship to time.
L.R.W. Lee|There are too many windbags in this world. Speak only when you are competent in a subject - It produces dignity." - L. R. W. Lee Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|And that was the greatest heartbreak of all- no matter how spectacular we want our children to be, no matter how perfect we pretend they are, they are bound to disappoint. As it turns out, kids are more like us than we think: damaged, through and through.
Lynsay Sands, A Quick Bite|For me, marriage should be about partnership. How can you love someone you have to take care of like a child all the time? A wife is supposed to be a partner, and yes partners help each other when they need it, but they are supposed to be together because they want to in my book, not because one needs the other.
Archibald MacLeish|In liberal democracy and anxious anarchy, the traditional classic dance, compact of aristocratic authority and absolute freedom in a necessity of order, has never been so promising as an independent expression as it is today.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|A lame creature, a cripple like myself, has no right to love. How should I, broken, shattered being that I am, be anything but a burden to you, when to myself I am an object of disgust, of loathing. A creature such as I, I know, has no right to love, and certainly no right to be loved. It is for such a creature to creep away into a corner and die and cease to make other people's lives a burden with her presence.
Sophia Amoruso|As humans, we're going to make mistakes. It's what makes us human, and most of the time, the most effective way of learning is from a mistake.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Sexual satisfaction eases the stranglehold of materialism, since status symbols no longer look sexual, but irrelevant. Product lust weakens where emotional and sexual lust intensifies. The price we pay for artificially buoying up this market is our heart's desire. The beauty myth keeps a gap of fantasy between men and women. That gap is made with mirrors; no law of nature supports it. It keeps us spending vast sums of money and looking distractedly around us, but its smoke and reflection interfere with our freedom to be sexually ourselves.
Kabir|Are you looking for me? I am in the next seat.My shoulder is against yours.you will not find me in the stupas, not in Indian shrine rooms, nor in synagogues, nor in cathedrals:not in masses, nor kirtans, not in legs winding around your own neck, nor in eating nothing but vegetables.When you really look for me, you will see me instantly —you will find me in the tiniest house of time.Kabir says: Student, tell me, what is God? He is the breath inside the breath.
Steve Goodier|We can never know the impact a simple smile has on another. Smiling is one of the easiest things we can do. Is there a simpler, more effortless way to give everyone you meet a moment of joy, even a sense of worth?
William Kunstler|We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars.
Virginia Alison|My BODY isn't flawed, your thinking is. #UniquelyMe
Ben Bernanke|People gossip. People are insecure, so they talk about other people so that they won't be talked about. They point out flaws in other people to make them feel good about themselves. I think at any age or any social class, that's present.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, The Thing Around Your Neck|...[W]e must admit that... law must be valid, not merely for men, but for all rational creatures generally, not merely under certain contingent conditions or with exceptions, but with absolute necessity...
Craig Alanson, Columbus Day|I made a noise of disgust, and I think I would have stormed out if I knew how to open the door.
Carl Sagan|Life is but a momentary glimpse of the wonder of this astounding universe, and it is sad to see so many dreaming it away on spiritual fantasy.
Jamie Woon|Night is irregular. What is not done in the daytime becomes possible at night: murder and sex and thought. Simple men are driven to early beds by tomorrow's daytime demands and by fear of the dark, and never dream of the irregular world outside. And all the while, a viscount and a spaceport baggage boy might be passing the night rolling bok ball in the city park. That's more than unusual -- that is irregular.
Christina Dodd, Some Enchanted Evening|A princess always takes care that her words are honeyed, for she may have to eat them
Ty Segall|We are living in a multicultural society. Our role as leaders is to enable grappling with this situation, even when multiculturalism is difficult.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|they that fail to recognize, take and and learn the lessons of discomfort well, meet the comforts of life and still live in discomfort
Peter Joseph|Dickens has not seen it all. The wretched of the earth do not decide to become extinct, they resolve, on the contrary, to multiply: life is their only weapon against life, life is all that they have. This is why the dispossessed and starving will never be convinced (though some may be coerced) by the population-control programs of the civilized. I have watched the dispossessed and starving laboring in the fields which others own, with their transistor radios at their ear, all day long: so they learn, for example, along with equally weighty matters, that the pope, one of the heads of the civilized world, forbids to the civilized that abortion which is being, literally, forced on them, the wretched. The civilized have created the wretched, quite coldly and deliberately, and do not intend to change the status quo; are responsible for their slaughter and enslavement; rain down bombs on defenseless children whenever and wherever they decide that their ‘vital interests’ are menaced, and think nothing of torturing a man to death: these people are not to be taken seriously when they speak of the ‘sanctity’ of human life, or the ‘conscience’ of the civilized world. There is a ‘sanctity’ involved with bringing a child into this world: it is better than bombing one out of it. Dreadful indeed it is to see a starving child, but the answer to that is not to prevent the child’s arrival but to restructure the world so that the child can live in it: so that the ‘vital interest’ of the world becomes nothing less than the life of the child. However—I could not have said any of this then, nor is so absurd a notion about to engulf the world now. But we were all starving children, after all, and none of our fathers, even at their most embittered and enraged, had ever suggested that we ‘die out.’ It was not we who were supposed to die out: this was, of all notions, the most forbidden, and we learned this from the cradle. Every trial, every beating, every drop of blood, every tear, were meant to be used by us for a day that was coming—for a day that was certainly coming, absolutely certainly, certainly coming: not for us, perhaps, but for our children. The children of the despised and rejected are menaced from the moment they stir in the womb, and are therefore sacred in a way that the children of the saved are not. And the children know it, which is how they manage to raise their children, and why they will not be persuaded—by their children’s murderers, after all—to cease having children.
Idries Shah, Observations|It is your duty to do your best. It is not, however, your birth-right to prevail.
Candice Swanepoel|I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
A.E. Samaan|I desire a society which selects its rulers from the best elements of every class and denies the right of any class or corporation to usurp the government itself--whether it be the nobles, the clergy, the bourgeoisie, or the proletariat. For government by any class is fatal to the welfare of the whole,
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|I guess what I'm trying to say is that you are there, in everything I am, in everything I've ever done, and looking back, I know that I should have told you know much you've always meant to me. 
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Saint Thomas Aquinas says, wisely, that the only way to drive out a bad passion is by a stronger good passion. The same is true of thoughts as of passions. When your mind wanders, like a child, your will must bring it back, like a mother. [. . .] The will-parent must discipline the mind-child, avoiding both the opposite extremes commonly made in disciplining either children or thoughts: tyranny or permissiveness.
Deyth Banger|But thought’s the slave of life, and life time’s fool;And time, that takes survey of all the world,Must have a stop. O, I could prophesy,But that the earthy and cold hand of deathLies on my tongue
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I was born subject like others to errors and defects,But never to the error of wanting to understand too much,Never to the error of wanting to understand only with the intellect..Never to the defect of demanding of the WorldThat it be anything that’s not the World.
Mary Crocker Cook, Awakening Hope. a Developmental, Behavioral, Biological Approach to Codependency Treatment.|People with depression can't just snap out of it or "turn that frown upside down." Depression can be a painful and overwhelming state that makes one unable to function, to think clearly or reasonably, or to want to simply face another day. Many people suffer alone and in silence because they are scared or ashamed. They feel weak…or pitiful. How can a person be incapable of having joy? “Why can’t I just have a good time? Why can’t I get on with it?
Junot Diaz|In traditional Hindu families like ours, men provided and women were provided for. My father was a patriarch and I a pliant daughter. The neighborhood I'd grown up in was homogeneously Hindu, Bengali-speaking, and middle-class. I didn't expect myself to ever disobey or disappoint my father by setting my own goals and taking charge of my future.
Karen Salmansohn|Good and productive labor is valuable, and it doesn't mean you have to have a fancy job description. You don't have to become rich. You can be ordinary. Happiness lies there. Do good work, create good work for others.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|A country whose citizens do not read is already late because "reading" is just the first step to wisdom acquisition. Application of the learnt knowledge is the gateway to personal transformation. If you don't read, you have not yet begun anything!
C. JoyBell C.|As far as I can tell, it's just about letting the universe know what you want and then working toward it while letting go of how it comes to pass.
Cynthia A. Patterson, It Had to Happen|Real faith comes when you facing a problem you can't help, you can't change, and you can't work it out
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|Sucks to be left out of adolescence, sort of like getting locked in the closet on Venus when the sun appears for the first time in a hundred years.
Isabel Allende, Of Love and Shadows|For women, the best aphrodisiacs are words. The G-spot is in the ears. He who looks for it below there is wasting his time.
Faye Hall|Where his eyes should’ve been, there was only fire, empty sockets glowing with miniature nuclear explosions.
Juan Felipe Herrera|All voices are important, and yet it seems that people of color have a lot to say, particularly if you look through the poetry of young people - a lot of questions and a lot of concerns about immigration and security issues, you name it - big questions.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|More to the point, one cannot understand The Holocaust without understanding the intentions, ideology, and mechanisms that were put in place in 1933. The eugenics movement may have come to a catastrophic crescendo with the Hitler regime, but the political movement, the world-view, the ideology, and the science that aspired to breed humans like prized horses began almost 100 years earlier. More poignantly, the ideology and those legal and governmental mechanisms of a eugenic world-view inevitably lead back to the British and American counterparts that Hitler’s scientists collaborated with. Posterity must gain understanding of the players that made eugenics a respectable scientific and political movement, as Hitler’s regime was able to evade wholesale condemnation in those critical years between 1933 and 1943 precisely because eugenics had gained international acceptance. As this book will evidence, Hitler’s infamous 1933 laws mimicked those already in place in the United States, Britain, Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Canada. So what is this scientific and political movement that for 100 years aspired to breed humans like dogs or horses? Eugenics is quite literally, as defined by its principal proponents, an attempt at “directing evolution” by controlling any aspect of human existence that affects human heredity. From its onset, Francis Galton, the cousin of Charles Darwin and the man credited with the creation of the science of eugenics, knew that the cause of eugenics had to be observed with religious fervor and dedication. As the quote on the opening pages of this book illustrates, a eugenicist must “intrude, intrude, intrude.” A vigilant control over anything and everything that affects the gene pool is essential to eugenics. The policies could not allow for the individual to enjoy self-government or self-determination any more than a horse breeder can allow the animals to determine whom to breed with. One simply cannot breed humans like horses without imbuing the state with the level of control a farmer has over its livestock, not only controlling procreation, but also the diet, access to medical services, and living conditions.
Maia Mitchell|In my songs, I'm not saying something that's never been said before. The have lyrics aren't going to blow people away. It's the emotion and the melody that drive it home.
Herbert Bayard Swope|I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Katie Reus, Shattered Duty|That grip tightened again but this time he started rubbing his first two fingers against her neck in a soft little rhythm. The action was almost erotic. Or maybe that was just the effect he was having on her. She could feel his gentle stroking all the way to the pulsing point between her legs. Maybe she had mental issues that this man was turning her on.He leaned closer, skimming his mouth against her jawline and she froze. Just completely, utterly froze. “Are you meeting Tasev?” he whispered.She’d told herself to be prepared for this question, to keep her reaction under wraps, but he came to his own conclusion if his savage curse was anything to go by. Damn it, Wesley was going to be pissed at her, but Levi had been right. She had operational latitude right now and she needed to keep Levi close. They needed to know what he knew and what he was planning. Trying to shut him out now, when he was at the party specifically to meet the German, would be stupid. Levi had stayed off their radar for two years because he was good. Of course Wesley hadn’t exactly sent out a worldwide manhunt for him either. About a year ago he’d decided to more or less let him go.Now . . . “I met with the German earlier tonight. He squeezed me in before some of his other meetings.”Levi snorted, his gaze dipping to her lips once more, that hungry look in place again. It was so raw and in her face it was hard to ignore that kind of desire and what it was doing to her. “I can understand why.”Even though Levi didn’t ask she decided to use the latitude she had and bring him in on this. They had similar goals. She needed to bring Tasev down and rescue a very important scientist—if he was even the man who’d sent out an emergency message to Meghan/Wesley—but that didn’t mean she couldn’t let Levi have Tasev once she’d gotten what she needed. “I’m meeting with Tasev tomorrow night.”At her words every muscle in Levi’s lean, fit body stilled.Before he could respond, she continued, “I’ll make you a deal. You can come with me to the meeting—if we can work out an agreeable plan—but you don’t kill him until I get what I want. I have less than a week. Can you live with that time line?” She was allowed to bring one person with her to the meeting so it would be Levi—if he could be a professional and if Wesley went for it. And of course, if Tasev did. They had a lot to discuss before she was on board one hundred percent, but bringing along a seasoned agent—former agent—like Levi could be beneficial.Levi watched her carefully again, his gaze roaming over her face, as if he was trying to see into her mind. “You’re not lying. Why are you doing this?”“Because if I try to shut you out you’ll cause me more problems than I want to deal with. And I don’t want to kill you.”Those dark eyes narrowed a fraction with just a hint of amusement—as if he knew she couldn’t take him on physically. “And?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Neither here, nor there. But everywhere.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|News is something worth knowing that you didn't know already. (by an "earnest young woman" in his journalism class)
Michael McDowell, Blackwater II: The Levee|That her niece should find such profound pleasure in the company of a thirteen-year-old black girl--and, more to the point, always within the precincts of Elinor's house--was a slap in Mary-Love's face. She decided, without saying anything more to James, to wreck Grace's perfection of happiness. Grace would learn that she, Mary-Love, was the source of all felicity within the Caskey family.
Epictetus, All the Works of Epictetus|For in this Case, we are not to give Credit to the Many, who say, that none ought to be educated but the Free; but rather to the Philosophers, who say, that the Well-educated alone are free.
Euginia Herlihy|In her spare time she scribbled her thoughts, wishes and dreams, life and times. It kept her sane despite her loneliness.
George Monbiot|The problem with gross domestic product is the gross bit. There are no deductions involved: all economic activity is accounted as if it were of positive value. Social harm is added to, not subtracted from, social good. A train crash which generates £1bn worth of track repairs, medical bills and funeral costs is deemed by this measure as beneficial as an uninterrupted service which generates £1bn in ticket sales.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no point in worrying about the effect [result], which has already occurred. It is worth paying attention to the facts (causes) upon which the effects [results] are based.
Candis Terry, Truly Sweet|Haven't you heard? Opposites attract.""yeah, but you're talking about fire and gasoline. With him and you, it's more like pablum and sass.""Which do I get to be?""Darlin', you are all sass, all the time.
Elon Musk|When you launch in a rocket, you're not really flying that rocket. You're just sort of hanging on.
Fernando Pessoa|The only way to survive in this world is by keeping alive our dream, without ever fulfilling it, since the fulfilment never measures up to what we imagine.
Nalini Singh, Heart of Obsidian|If this inner and critical voice has kept you safe for many years as your inner voice of authority, you may end up not being able to hear the real voice of God.
Radegund of Poitiers|If you sent speaking pages, they would be like a brother to me.
Michael Brett Turner|Th danger of exchanging the necessary insecurity of philosophical thought for the total explanation of an ideology and its [worldview], is not even so much the risk of falling for some usually vulgar, always uncritical assumption as of exchanging the freedom inherent in man's capacity to think for the straight-jacket of logic with which man can force himself almost as violently as he is forced by some outside power.
Christopher  Johnson|War soaks into your bones, drills down into the marrow like a parasite. It blots your life like ink spilled on snow white paper, and it has its perils even long after you've given it up.
D.H. Lawrence|For my part, I prefer my heart to be broken. It is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack.
A.J. Wiliams|The Dispatcher had played with his phones, calling from one to the other. Then he put them all down and announced that he had them on "hold," a curious expression since it was the first time in half an hour he hadn't been holding one.
Hunter S. Jones, September Ends|Then, the door opens and there he is; silhouetted in the hall light. Long hair, long legs, and a heartbeat in tune with my own.
Ron Fournier|Louisiana's a very conservative state. When we've ever polled this, we've found that they like conservative reforms. They want us to fight back against our leadership and Democrats, so it's very consistent.
Gigi Hadid|As others have recently suggested, the term 'gamer' is no longer useful as an identity because games are for everyone. These days, even my mom spends an inordinate amount of time gaming on her iPad. So I'll take a cue from my younger self and say I don't care about being a 'gamer,' but I sure do love video games.
C. JoyBell C.|I must learn to be as the bear in a cage with the stick that pokes it always, through the bars. The bear acts as if the stick is made of air, and takes no notice of it, even when it is sharpened and draws blood. I must do the same.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|In the modern city life, if you don't have money , you simply don't have life.
Morihei Ueshiba|There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
J.Adam Snyder|True power lies not in the spotlight, but in the influential shadows.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Confidence is not a goal or a final ending point where you arrive and then stop once you reach it. Rather, it is the satisfaction and reward you achieve by stretching to, and beyond, the best of your abilities.
Gavin MacLeod, This Is Your Captain Speaking: My Fantastic Voyage Through Hollywood, Faith and Life|In the process of my evolution, I became a victim of domestic war, an emotional casualty for a major portion of my life, entwined, entrapped and emotionally involved, until I learned how to become free. Sara Niles Torn From the Inside Out
Evo Morales|In a very weak economy, when you say 'cut government spending,' what you mean is you're laying off school teachers and you're de-funding various programs that put money into the economy. This means you have more unemployed people that then draw unemployment benefits and don't pay taxes.
Angie karan|Nature itself, is the best medicine prescription, for our whole being.
Radhe Maa|When we disrespect a person, we disrespect God
Kathryn Kuhlman|God does not patch up the old life,or make certain repairs on the old life;He gives a new life, through the new birth.
Stefan Molyneux|Only the mediocre want to die of old age. Suffer, then, drink pleasure to its last dregs, cry or laugh, scream in despair or with joy, sing about death or love, for nothing will endure! Morality can only make life a long series of missed opportunities.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Thus with most careful devotionThus with precise attentionTo detail, interfering preparationOf that which is already preparedMen tighten the knot of confusionInto perfect misunderstanding.
Gift Gugu Mona|femelu could not understand this, her mother’s ability to tell herself stories about her reality that did not even resemble her reality
J.M. Northup, Soul Searching|Well, I’m not only a direct descendent of the Anunnaki, but I’m one of the original hybrids. My royal blood is almost pure as I was begotten from the strongest and most ancient of our kind.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|I lied to you,’ she said, hanging her head in shame, ‘more than once. In fact, I swore that my lies were truth. I can’t understand how it could have happened. It just came out of my mouth and by the time I realised what I'd done, it was too late. ‘It’s never too late to realise that you were mistaken, Sophiel.
Lily Graham, The Cornish Escape|… real life hardly ever unfolds the way we’d like it to, not like in a story.
Jacob Nordby|I was wrong, you were right. I'm dumb, you're smart. I'm ugly, and you're a stone-cold fox.
Mary Anne Yarde, The Du Lac Chronicles: Book 1|It is dangerous to become attached to a du Lac. He will break your heart, and you will not recover.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|The habit of expression leads to the search for something to express. Something remains as a residuum of the commonplace itself, if one strikes out every commonplace in the expression.
Ian McEwan, Saturday|Bit by bit, I found myself relaxing into the conversation. Kitty had a natural talent for drawing people out of themselves, and it was easy to fall in with her, to feel comfortable in her presence. As Uncle Victor had once told me long ago, a conversation is like having a catch with someone. A good partner tosses the ball directly into your glove, making it almost impossible for you to miss it; when he is on the receiving end, he catches everything sent his way, even the most errant and incompetent throws. That’s what Kitty did. She kept lobbing the ball straight into the pocket of my glove, and when I threw the ball back to her, she hauled in everything that was even remotely in her area: jumping up to spear balls that soared above her head, diving nimbly to her left or right, charging in to make tumbling, shoestring catches. More than that, her skill was such that she always made me feel that I had made those bad throws on purpose, as if my only object had been to make the game more amusing. She made me seem better than I was, and that strengthened my confidence, which in turn helped to make my throws less difficult for her to handle. In other words, I started talking to her rather than to myself, and the pleasure of it was greater than anything I had experienced in a long time.
Emily Thorne|Trust is a difficult thing, whether it's finding the right people to trust...Or trusting the right people will do the wrong thing. But trusting your heart...is the riskiest thing of all.In the end,the only person we can truly trust... is ourself.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|I stared down into her eyes, my voice barely a whisper. "If I stay here any longer, I'm not going to be able to stop myself from kissing you.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|In his book The African Slave Trade, Basil Davidson contrasts law and in the Congo in the early 16th century with law in Portugal and England. In those European countries, where the idea of private property was becoming powerful, theft was punishable brutally. In England, even as late as 1740, a child could be hanged for stealing a rag of cotton. But in the Congo, communal life persisted. The idea of private property was a strange one, and thefts were punished with fines or various degrees of servitude. A Congolese leader told of the Portuguese legal codes asked a Portuguese once, teasingly, 'What is the penalty in Portugal for anyone who puts his feet on the ground?
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|Mindfulness is about focusing on the magic of the present moment. Rather than fretting about the past or worrying about the future, the aim is to experience life as it unfolds moment by moment. This simple practice is immensely powerful. As we rush through our lives, mindfulness encourages us to stop constantly striving for something new or better and to embrace acceptance and gratitude. This allows us to tap into the joy and wonder in our lives, and to listen to the wisdom of our hearts. This book will show you how to experience small but beautiful moments of mindfulness every day and so guide you along the path to finding more peace and contentment in your life.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, And men below, and saints above: For love is heaven, and heaven is love.
Lysander Spooner|The settlers, as we know, are the only people in Israel who take the Left seriously. When you read the settlers' publications, you think that the leftists are everywhere: The leftists infiltrate the government, the leftists run the Defense Ministry, the leftists dominate the legal establishment, and the leftists control the media, of course.
Neal Stephenson|There are three laws that govern our universe - laws of physics, laws of nature, and spiritual laws. Like the laws of physics and nature, spiritual laws are just as precise as any mathematics equation.
Kristen Iversen, Full Body Burden: Growing Up in the Nuclear Shadow of Rocky Flats|She liked the sharp salty smell of the air, and the vastness of horizons bounded only by a vault of azure sky above.
Kierra C.T. Banks|To sum it up, succuss is merely a small act of courageousness.
Willis R. Whitney|Our immediate interests are after all of but small moment. It is what we do for the future, what we add to the sum of man's knowledge, that counts most. As someone has said, 'The individual withers and the world is more and more.' Man dies at 70, 80, or 90, or at some earlier age, but through his power of physical reproduction, and with the means that he has to transmit the results of effort to those who come after him, he may be said to be immortal.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|Sri Lanka is a beautiful little island nation parked perilously close to India; a little too hot, a little too humid, and perhaps too expensive, but to its credit are fantastic beaches, strangely melancholy hills, and the ruins of kingdoms past.
Albert Camus|The liberties of a people never were, nor ever will be, secure, when the transactions of their rulers may be concealed from them.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Lao Tzu's first paragraph in the book "Tao Te Ching" is that the Tao that can be told is not the absolute Tao.Lao Tzu has his own logic, the logic of paradoxes, the logic of life.To understand Tao, you will have to create eyes.Lao Tzu believes in the unity of opposites, because that is how life is.The Tao can be communicated, but it can only be communicated from heart to heart, from being to being, from love to love, from silence to silence.Truth is always realized in silence. In silence, the truth is realized.You reach to truth through silence.All spiritual books tries to say something that can not be said in the hope that a thirst, a longing, is created in your heart to know the truth.Tao is totality. Life exists through the tension of the opposites, the meeting of the opposites.Lao Tzu says that the opposite poles of life are not really opposites, but complementaries.Thinking is always of opposites. Lao Tzu says: drop the split attitude. Be simple.And when you are simple, you do not choose. Lao Tzu says: be choiceless, let life flow.Enjoy both poles in life, and then your life becomes a symphony of opposites.How to drop the mind: do not choose. If you do not choose, the mind drops.Live life as it comes - float. Float with life. Enjoy the moment in its totality,It is to live as part of the whole, to live as part of existence.If you become silent and empty, everything will come on it's own accord.When you live without any desire for power, position, fame or success, the whole existence pours down into your emptiness.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|The question stayed with me every day, through every class, through every Op. I felt its teeth tighten around the back of my neck each time I was dismissed without a second look; it had locked it’s jaws and wouldn’t let me or my conscience go.
Albert Einstein|Phantasie ist wichtiger als Wissen, denn Wissen ist begrenzt.
Deborah Heiligman|There were still few rules at Down House, and Charles was not very good at enforcing the ones he and Emma did make. This was well known among his children. In 1855, when Lenny was about five, Charles walked in to find his son jumping up and down and tumbling all over a new sofa.'Oh Lenny, Lenny,' Charles said. 'You know it is against all rules.''Then,' Lenny said to his papa, 'I think you'd better go out of the room.'And so Charles did.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|Can you be happy with the movies, and the ads, and the clothes in the stores, and the doctors, and the eyes as you walk down the street all telling you there is something wrong with you? No. You cannot be happy. Because, you poor darling baby, you believe them.
Bob Iger|In religious and in secular affairs, the more fervent beliefs attract followers. If you are a moderate in any respect - if you're a moderate on abortion, if you're a moderate on gun control, or if you're a moderate in your religious faith - it doesn't evolve into a crusade where you're either right or wrong, good or bad, with us or against us.
Thomas Jefferson|I am certainly not an advocate for frequent and untried changes in laws and constitutions. I think moderate imperfections had better be borne with; because, when once known, we accommodate ourselves to them, and find practical means of correcting their ill effects. But I know also, that laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind. As that becomes more developed, more enlightened, as new discoveries are made, new truths disclosed, and manners and opinions change with the change of circumstances, institutions must advance also, and keep pace with the times. We might as well require a man to wear still the coat which fitted him when a boy, as civilized society to remain ever under the regimen of their barbarous ancestors.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|In a society where people are obsessed with personal space, dogs have come to serve as welcome, neo-human mediators of loneliness and solitude.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Be led by your talent, not by your self-loathing; those other things you just have to manage.
Blake Shelton|I'd love to date somebody cool, fun, funny.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Some justice, though did not deal with kindheartedness or good feeling toward others. No, justice had a darker side, a gray area where it mingled alongside vengeance, and only the wise and pure of heart were able to tell the two apart. That kind of justice was swift. It was only called upon afer mercy and morals fail. It was the darkest form of goodness known to anyone, even the gods, and required only the strongest, most daring men to bring about.
Robert Rodriguez|When I started to watch some of the films I'd done, I realized I was doing movies that I might not actually want to see.
Ray Kroc|I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
Emilio Estevez|A number of countries around the world, and indeed the E.U. as a whole, have chosen not to allow the import from the U.S. of beef from cows fed a diet that includes the hormone ractopamine, because of the fairly grave health concerns.
Allen Klein|Whether planned or not, humor takes our mind off of our troubles.
Archelle Georgiou, Healthcare Choices: 5 Steps to Getting the Medical Care You Want and Need|A researcher that has a brain that functions differently from their peers is at an advantage, as they can see things that the others cannot.
Eartha Kitt|When you stretch the truth, watch out for the snapback.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Love is a powerful force. There is nothing in this world, no other energy, as powerful as the force of genuine, unconditional love.
Heather Killough-Walden, The Heat|I know that you know that I'm awesome, and that you know that I know that you're awesome!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The Yogic sages say that all the pain of a human life is caused by words, as is all the joy. We create words to define our experience and those words bring attendant emotions that jerk us around like dogs on a leash. We get seduced by our own mantras (I'm a failure... I'm lonely... I'm a failure... I'm lonely...) and we become monuments to them. To stop talking for a while, then, is to attempt to strip away the power of words, to stop choking ourselves with words, to liberate ourselves from our suffocating mantras.
Anthony T. Hincks|Being imperfect, makes you perfect.
Deanna Lynn Sletten, Widow, Virgin, Whore|Darla shook her head, a small smirk on her lips. “You’re such a mom,” she told Katherine.Katherine stared at her, puzzled. “You’re a mom, too,” she said softly.“No, I gave birth. That doesn’t make me a mom. Not like you.”A look passed between the two women like none they had ever shared before. For a split second, Katherine felt a slight connection. “Well, you rest. I’ll check on you later.” She turned and left the room, a funny, unexplainable feeling inside her.
Lyndon B. Johnson|At three years of age, the child has already laid the foundations of the human personality and needs the special help of education in the school. The acquisitions he has made are such that we can say the child who enters school at three is an old man.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Joyful life, sharing life with people.
L.J. Smith, Bloodlust|I go out on the side of a hill, maybe hunting deer, and sit there and see the shadow of night coming over the hill, and I can swear to you there is a part of me that is absolutely untouched by anything civilized. There's a part of me that has never heard of a telephone.
Compton Gage|Go thy way to a woman with child, and ask of her when she had fulfilled her nine months, if her womb may keep the birth any longer within her.
Ralph P. Vander Heide|He had memorized the entire Qur'an and lectured on the nature of evil, which, like a shadow, cannot exist independently of the good silhouettes.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|(Malory, unhopeful: "I don't suppose you have any tea?" Jesse: "DO YOU WANT EARL GREY OR DARJEELING?" Malory: "Oh, sweet heavens!")
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|There is a child - a baby - who long since kicked off her blankets. Her skin is ashen and her mouth open in a perpetual yet silent scream. She isn't old enough to roll over, to sit up, to climb. So she lies there kicking her fat legs against the footboard of the crib, eternally calling for her mother. For food. For flesh.
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge--and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves--how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves?
Stephen Fry, The Hippopotamus|Improving the world can be a nasty and ugly and difficult and dangerous business...because when you improve the world, you threaten the entrenched interests of evil people.
Sophie Kinsella, Can You Keep a Secret?|It’s the way he had a cup of tea waiting for me when I woke up. It’s the way he turned on his laptop especially for me to look up all my Internet horoscopes and helped me choose the best one. He knows all the crappy, embarrassing bits about me that I normally try to hide from any man for as long as possible… and he loves me anyway.
Scott Adams|I write little quotes all the time to help encourage people to come together, like this one: 'If fate happens to toss you a lightbulb, use it to light the path of others, for they will use theirs to light the path of you. With your light together with mine, it's two times as bright and twice as strong.'
J.R. Ward, Crave|But that was life: Nobody got a guided tour to their own theme park. You had to hop on the rides as they presented themselves, never knowing whether you would like the one you were in line for...or if the bastard was going to make you throw up your corn dog and your cotton candy all over the place.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|It was at this time that I formed one of my own insights: it was strange how intelligent people, like Raffles, without being asked, freely spout off their insights and actually expect less intelligent people, like me, to be interested.
Saurabh Sharma|When she walks in that first Monday, of course I am awake - I am always up these days - I decide to lay it down. “Look”, I say, “I snort Ritalin. That’s what I do. I snort it all day long. I crush up the pills and inhale them like cocaine. I’m up to about forty a day. I can’t stop. I am planning to get help, to check into rehab or something like that, as soon as this book is finished. In the meantime, I can’t stop, and I am not going to.” She looks at me impassively. “I don’t care what you think about it. So you have a choice. I can sit here and do it in front of you, or I can keep running into the bathroom so you don’t have to see. Either way, it’s going to happen, so it’s just about how bad it’s going to make you feel to watch.”She doesn’t seem to know what to say. She stares. I think she is going to cry. I think she wants to give me a hug, maybe, but there is an invisible cage, a delicate netting of glass, an ice sculpture surrounding me that no one can walk through. I’m cold. I’ve frozen into someone who just can’t be touched. I dare you to try.
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today. I want to be a part of it. New York... New York..." New York, New York - Fred Ebb/John Kander
Dada Bhagwan|What is the science of Vitraag (the enlightened ones free of attachment)? [It is that where] If one understands a single word of the Vitarag, there will be no pain. But one has not understood a single word of ‘Vir’, the Vitaraag Lord Mahavir [The 24th Tirthankar]
Aristotle, The Rhetoric & The Poetics of Aristotle|I have not broken your heart - you have broken it - and in breaking it, you have broken mine ... I forgive what you have done to me. I love my murderer - but yours! How can I?
Evan Thompson, The Embodied Mind: Cognitive Science and Human Experience|Supercomputer pioneer Seymour Cray used to deliberately hire for inexperience because it brought him people who "do not usually know what's supposed to be impossible.
Karen Fowler, Reflections on Motherhood|My life has been shaped by the decision two people made over 24 years ago. They decided to adopt a child. They got me, and I got a chance at the kind of life all children deserve.
Brandon Stanton, Humans of New York|I’m saying that I can wait. For now. But when things get back to normal—assuming that ever happens—I want my shot. We can make each other happy, Faythe. I know it. And I’m done walking away from things I want just because they don’t come easily. You’re worth the work.
Atom Tate|We've eaten, but he looks hungry, and experience tells me that crazy takes a lot of calories to sustain.
Paulette Jiles, Enemy Women|All cat stories start with the statement: 'My mother, who was the first cat, told me this,' and I lay with Jonas listening to his stories.
Kirt J. Boyd, The Last Stop|My old black cat, he passed away this morning. He never knew what a heartache was. Woke up late and he danced till noon. If questioned why, answered just because. He never spoke much, preferring silence. Eight lost lives was all he had.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|Music, when soft voices die, vibrates in the memory.
Todd Solondz|There are a lot of people who consider themselves 'spiritual,' but that can mean a lot of things to a lot of people. I don't really talk about it that often, because there's too much talk in the world. Especially with Christians, there's more proselytizing than there is actual living proof of it. That's kind of sad.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|Like the rest of Holy Week, Easter is also a terrific story. It starts as tragedy: the hero broken and bloody, against all expectation dead, his followers' joyful hope in him entombed with his corpse, the rock rolled into place, sealing their despair.But the curtain doesn't fall there. The next morning at dawn they discover the rock has been rolled back. The tomb is empty, the body's gone! A missing corpse? Great stuff. A whisper of comedy. Now a touch of farce as Mary Magdalen and the guys chase frantically around looking for help, or the corpse, when suddenly, out of nowhere, up it pops—alive!Of course it's Jesus, who's done the impossible and beaten death.And they're so amazed they think he's the gardener! It's a payoff way beyond the Hollywood ending: all the flooding emotion and uplift of a tragedy followed by all the bubbling joy and optimism of a comedy.Is that possible? Not just to live happily ever after but to die—and still live happily ever after? It's the most audacious claim of Christianity, the one element that marks the brand indelibly, that trumps the claims of all other major faiths.
Juls Amor, THE YEAR OF THE FROG|I have come to terms with the reality this life may not bring another romantically to share this journey with me. I do this not just for me, but for everyone who spends their life seeking and wishing. When we are wishing, we are missing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have acted foolishly, father forgive me.
Paul Graham|At every period of history, people have believed things that were just ridiculous, and believed them so strongly that you risked ostracism or even violence by saying otherwise. If our own time were any different, that would be remarkable. As far as I can tell it isn't.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|Some of us have hearts, you know. Some of us don't give up on true love.
Jen Naumann, The Day Zombies Ruined My Perfectly Boring Life|I began to doubt that I would ever know the truth of what transpired, or who those people really were. But all that changed one rainy August afternoon, when I was surprised by a dead man who had answers.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are too many professed Christians who never get “wrought up” about anything; they never get indignant with injustice, with corruption in high places, or with the godless traffics which barter away the souls and bodies of people.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|No one can destroy the love God has for you. When you abide in truth, you also abide in love. And truth is evidence of love. Nothing can destroy the power of trusting and loving unconditionally.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|A dream may encourage us, but at the end of the day, it's just a dream. We should also learn how to make a move.
Rick Riordan|Boo: "Go talk to her."Callum: "About what?"Boo: "Anything."Callum: "You want me to walk up to her and say, 'Are you a ghost?'"Boo: "I do that."Callum: "I love it when you get it wrong.
Sholom Aleichem|Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|For an act to be evil, you must first perceive it, process and then conceive it as such. Then these acts are effects. They’re not causes. And by this I mean that these acts are not of Stream. Now we ask the other question again. What does it take for something, here specifically Stream, to be good or evil?
Clifton Wolters, The Cloud of Unknowing|But let no humble devoted follower of Jesus Christ, who truly desires to serve and glorify him, and who is willing, from the heart, to do all that God shall enable him, for the promotion of the Redeemer's kingdom;--let not him be deterred, by the representation which has been given from accepting the office, if called to it by his Christian brethren. The deeper his sense of his own unfitness, the more likely will he be to apply unceasingly and importunately for heavenly aid; and the nearer he lives to the throne of grace, the more largely will he partake of that wisdom and strength which he needs. There are, no doubt, some, as was said, who are really unqualified for this office; but in general, it may be maintained, that those who have the deepest impression of the importance and arduousness of its duties, and of their own want of adequate qualifications, are far better prepared for those duties, than such as advance to the discharge of them with unwavering, confidence and self-complacency.
Jean Vanier|It’s hopeless, trying to recruit a stranger to help me find someone who’s a stranger to him. But then again, we are all strangers to ourselves, caught up in the monotony of daily life, stuck in our routines, never really stopping to think about what will happen to us if we fall off track.
Lisa Berne, You May Kiss the Bride|Dr Allendy said that it was necessary to become equal to life, that the romantic was defeated by life, really died of it, whether by tuberculosis in the old days, or by neurosis today. I had never thought before of the connection between neurosis and romanticism. Wanting the impossible? Dying when unable to reach it? Not wanting to compromise?
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|The return journey was nothing like the arrival. Bea couldn’t wait to get out of the car. She remembered feeling like this before, with Brandon, on several occasions. It was an excruciating need to escape the confinement of being in too close a proximity to passive-aggressive behaviour. She hated conflict, after a row, it would take her hours, perhaps days to become fully relaxed and herself again. She became anxious, not entirely brought on by his coldness, but by old memories, and the way her body would instinctively react to them. It wasn’t a feeling that she wanted to experience with someone new, of whom she’d told his sister only a short time ago that she was falling in love with.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Tonight was... well, it was perfect for me too. You've turned my world upside down. I've fallen in love with you, chica, and it scares the fuckin' shit outta me. I've been shakin' all night, because I knew it.I've tried to deny it, to make you think I wanted you as a fake girlfriend, but that was a lie.
Terence|If you were the first person ever to design an application for the iPhone and you patented it, you would be very, very better off than we are right now, you know? But you've got to be the first one to do it. So I figured that Led Zeppelin or the Stones were going to do it unless we just got on to it. So I got cracking with the guys from Apple.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|The world, full of past sound, would be like the sky, full of past light. The world would be like the mind, for which there is no once.
Cherise Sinclair, Edge of the Enforcer|Master, don’t. Please.”“Please is a great word–and I intend to please. Me, for sure. Maybe even you.” Lindsey and deVries
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Sometimes one needs to stay alone, a bit of loneliness gives you the opportunity to knock on the door to your brain, and it opens with a sudden bright idea. But those who never stay alone don't even know what's inside their brains.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|Nothing ever happens to me, " she reflected..... An older person at such an hour and in such a place might think that sufficient was happening to him, and rest content. Lucy desired more.
Idries Shah, A Perfumed Scorpion|The Sufi must be able to alternate his thought between the relative and the Absolute, the approximate and the Real.
Emma Chase, Appealed|You have the maturity of a 14-year-old boy!“ Kennedy hisses."And you have the chest of one.
Adam Zameenzad, Thirteenth House|In a world where money, security, children, money, temptation, sex, money, passion and more money is all that women expect of men, that is what men begin to offer. Anyone who has anything different to offer is dismissed, if reluctantly. Men, in their eternal wooing dance, tend to cultivate those qualities which the desired sex expects. What's more, women who gave birth to them and later on rehearse them for their role MAKE them that way, with the help of sisters, mistresses or wives. Those who are too strong or too weak to be thus moulded are cast aside as rejects, socio-sexual-matrimonial drop-outs. The price is paid by humanity as a whole in terms of values. You cannot denigrate a part without diminishing the whole. Women, by relegating man to the status of a working slave, becomes a slave herself. Is diminished morally even if she does remain physically and intellectually superior. Granted that her responsibility for the propagation and survival of the species necessitates her adopting the master role -- she has to have safety, security and comfort, as much as humanly possible, to ensure the continuation of the human race -- it still remains a morally untenable stance.
Donna Lynn Hope|Sometimes it's harder to say sorry, then it is to say goodbye.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|In conclusion, the arms of others either fall from your back, or they weigh you down, or they bind you fast.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|But I talk to you as I talk to my own soul," he said, turning me to face him. He reached up and cupped my cheek, fingers light on my temple."And, Sassenach," he whispered, "your face is my heart.
Natalia Marx, Fireheart|Syldor was not a land of oppressive rules, roles, and labels. Here, love and power were open to, for, and between all; woman or man, rich or poor. What mattered was the sharpness of your mind, the speed of your blade, and the heat of your touch.
Linda McCartney|If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I allow my inner joy wellspring to be unbounded and free, to power me up, and to keep me radiantly healthy!
Isaac Asimov|It is possible to be too stable. No Outer World has colonized a new planet in two and a half centuries.. are lives too long to risk and too comfortable to upset.“I don’t know about that, Dr. Fastolfe. You’ve come to Earth. You risk disease.”“Yes, I do. There are some of us, Mr. Baley, who feel that the future of the human race is even worth the possible loss of an extended lifetime. Too few of us, I am sorry to say.”“In trying to introduce robots here on Earth, we’re doing our best to upset the balance of your City economy.”“You mean you’re creating a growing group of displaced and declassified men on purpose?”“Not out of cruelty or callousness, believe me. A group of displaced men, as you call them, are what we need to serve as a nucleus for colonization. Your ancient America was discovered by ships fitted out with men from the prisons. Don’t you see that the City’s womb has failed the displaced man. He has nothing to lose and worlds to gain by leaving Earth.
Dean Koontz|Maybe magic and love, together, can achieve what magic alone cannot.
Nolan Bushnell|I see the American experience as being defined by the immigrant paradigm of rupture and renewal: rupture with the old world, the old ways, and renewal of the self in a bright but difficult New World.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|The one I felt and still feel most is lack of time. I used to have time to think, to reflect, my mind and I. We would sit together of an evening and listen to the inner melodies of the spirit, which one hears only in leisure moments when the words ofsome loved poet touch a deep, sweet chord in the soul that until then had been silent. But in college there is no time to commune with one's thoughts. One goes to college to learn, it seems, not to think. When one enters the portals of learning, one leaves the dearest pleasures--solitude, books and imagination--outside with the whispering pines. I suppose I ought to find some comfort in the thought that I am laying up treasures for future enjoyment, but I am improvident enough to prefer present joy to hoarding riches against a rainy day.
Edward Fahey|The point is, that the function of the novel seems to be changing; it has become an outpost of journalism; we read novels for information about areas of life we don’t know — Nigeria, South Africa, the American army, a coal-mining village, coteries in Chelsea, etc. We read to find out what is going on. One novel in five hundred or a thousand has the quality a novel should have to make it a novel — the quality of philosophy. I find that I read with the same kind of curiosity most novels, and a book of reportage. Most novels, if they are successful at all, are original in the sense that they report the existence of an area of society, a type of person, not yet admitted to the general literate consciousness. The novel has become a function of the fragmented society, the fragmented consciousness. Human beings are so divided, are becoming more and more divided, and more subdivided in themselves, reflecting the world, that they reach out desperately, not knowing they do it, for information about other groups inside their own country, let alone about groups in other countries. It is a blind grasping out for their own wholeness, and the novel-report is a means towards it.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|God has to punish sinners, because God is holy, but Jesus has paid the price for our sin, and so we can have eternal life. However true or untrue that is technically or theologically, what it can do is subtly teach people that Jesus rescues us from God.
Charles M. Schwab|Too often, we get attention and sympathy by being a victim. If we're invested in someone being our villain, we must love being the victim. We have to let go of both characters in the story.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|In an age in which the media broadcast countless pieces of foolishness, the educated man is defined not by what he knows, but by what he doesn't know.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|I rest in ease, knowing there are others out there, whispering themselves to sleep, just like me.
Erin Kellison, Shadow Touched|The man was married to a half-fae, half-human woman, a banshee, who'd' just delivered twins. It was a wonder his hair wasn't completely prematurely white.
Joe Rogan|We got more provisions for our whiskey than the same money, which we paid for the liquor, would have bought; so after all it proved a very profitable investment.
Carl Sagan|Who is more humble? The scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us, or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved?
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Roses|I will not be threatened. Do you understand me?’ He leaned closer again, his lips less than a couple of inches from hers. ‘Now try saying it without trembling.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Still, for all that, her life had lacked passion. The demons had never come for her.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|A man like this will not go where he has no will to go, will not do what he has no mind to do. Though the world might praise him and say he had really found something, he would look unconcerned and never turn his head; though the world might condemn him and say he had lost something, he would look serene and pay no heed. The praise and blame of the world are no loss or gain to him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you love a girl, you never give up on her, no matter how long she resists you.
Jose Marti|Tell me what you feel in your room when the full moon is shining in upon you and your lamp is dying out, and I will tell you how old you are, and I shall know if you are happy.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Confidence is not posting endless selfies, or repeatedly protesting how happy or in love we are, it’s a subtle yet noticeable sheen that emanates from our being - our eyes, our words, our body language.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|My eyes went to him. "Your rule, honey. I can go put panties on." His eyes came to me. "You do, I get the strap.
Pat Walsh, 78 Reasons Why Your Book May Never Be Published and 14 Reasons Why It Just Might|You have made some notes, read some writing books, and done some research. Mostly what you've done is talk about writing a book. An idea for a book is not a book; it is a waste of time. There is no singular thing that makes someone a writer, but there is one thing that makes someone a joke--talking about writing a book without doing any work.
Daisy Hernandez, A Cup of Water Under My Bed: A Memoir|We have…Settled into a region called “don’t ask don’t tell” and it is hard, i imagine for people who have not experienced this to understand the weight of silence and how the absence of language can feel like a death
Lia Davis|She was the one person he’d hoped to avoid as much as possible when he’d taken his place as Sheriff of Maxville. It wasn’t that he disliked her, that was the problem. Despite his better judgment and a glutton for punishment, he still cared too damn much for the woman.
Christopher Hitchens, Mortality|In one way, I suppose, I have been "in denial" for some time, knowingly burning the candle at both ends and finding that it often gives a lovely light. But for precisely that reason, I can't see myself smiting my brow with shock or hear myself whining about how it's all so unfair: I have been taunting the Reaper into taking a free scythe in my direction and have now succumbed to something so predictable and banal that it bores even me.
Dinesh D'Souza|In any relationship, even when it came to my relationship with Usher, when it was time to make a move, I had to do that. I don't care how much my heart was hurting, sometimes you're just supposed to be with people for a reason, and it's not always a lifetime. Even if you want it to be, it just doesn't work out that way.
Michael J. Massimino|For me, the Earth had always been a kind of a safe haven, you know, where I could go to work or be in my home or take my kids to school. But I realized it really wasn't that. It really is its own spaceship. And I had always been a space traveler.
Steven James, The Knight|Follow the evidence to where it leads, even if the conclusion is uncomfortable.
Colin M. Morris, Mankind My Church|Who is this man?''Chinaman, or rather half Chinese and half German. Got a daft name. Calls himself Doctor No - Doctor Julius No.''No? Spelt like Yes?''That's right.
Kyung-Sook Shin, I'll Be Right There|Or maybe they just accept that it's wrong in God's eyes, although not in their own, and they'll worry about sorting it out later.
Marquis de Sade|I also knew I had inherited the name of the world's most famous philosopher. I hated that. Everyone expected something from me. Something I just couldn't give.So I renamed myself Ari.If I switched the letter, my name was Air.I thought it might be a great thing to be the air.I could be something and nothing at the same time. I could be necessary and also invisible. Everyone would need me and no one would be able to see me.
Eric Hoffer|Sides are being divided now. It's very obvious. So if you're on the other side of the fence, you're suddenly anti-American. It's breeding fear of being on the wrong side.
Dennis Hastert|As for leadership, I am the kind who leads reluctantly and more by example than anything else. Someone had to be on the incorporation papers as president.
Joyce Guo|I rip out my wings I so I can't be free, I rip up my wounds so it doesn't heal, if I rip out my heart does this mean I can't feel
L.S. Hilton, Maestra|Wealth creeps under your epidermis like poison. It invades your posture, your gestures, the way you carry yourself.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If education is the key, then the teacher is the hand that holds the key! How can the key alone open a door? We must always care for teachers!
Alexandra Bracken|I came to trust in Jesus as my Savior after a two-year personal study of the Bible that convinced me that Scripture is free of contradiction and error - doctrinally, historically, and scientifically.
Arthur K. Flam|There are three lies in life,” Sutherland said to his young companion, whose first night this was in the realm of homosexuality and whose introduction to it Sutherland had taken upon himself to supervise. “One, the check is in the mail. Two, I will not come in your mouth. And three, all Puerto Ricans have big cocks,” he said.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Sogyal Rinpoche|Don't you notice that there are particular moments when you are naturally inspired to introspection? Work with them gently, for these are the moments when you can go through a powerful experience, and your whole worldview can change quickly.
Osho, The Journey of Being Human: Is It Possible to Find Real Happiness in Ordinary Life?|To be "great" is an ego goal; to be real is existential.
Eileen Anglin|Personal integrity is about honoring yourself. Shifting from people pleasing and honoring your time, keeping your word to yourself, taking care of your needs, honoring personal and professional boundaries, honoring your goals and commitments that you made to yourself. Staying true to who you really are. Doing the right thing. Being kind and compassionate to others, being kind to you.
Katie Mattie, M.A.J.I.C. and the Oracle at Delphi|Women! Whether human or divine, what man can ever truly understand them?
Nāgārjuna, The Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way: Nāgārjuna's Mūlamadhyamakakārikā|Now seen...now gone,The butterfly flits in and outThrough fence-hung flowers;But a life lived so close to themI envy...though it's here and gone.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes|When a man does a queer thing, or two queer things, there may be a meaning to it, but when everything he does is queer, then you begin to wonder
Karl Pilkington|I find that if you just talk, your mouth comes up with stuff.
Robert E. Webber, Ancient-Future Time: Forming Spirituality Through the Christian Year|To summarize, Easter Sunday is the most important Sunday. It is the Sunday of all Sundays. It is the day of the new beginning of the entire cosmos, the day of resurrection. In our worship we must be careful not to reduce our message to the Easter fact only. The Easter fact must include the message this fact proclaims: God makes all things new. It must also include the message that we have been raised with Christ. Calling God's people to die to sin and rise to the new life is central not only to Easter day but to the Easter season.
S. O' Sade|Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week, In a worthy moment of peace and bliss.
Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother|Who you are is a mystery no one can answer, not even you.
Deyth Banger|Know all the paths, but walk on your path! Be original!
Shannon N. Baugher|The prediction of false rape-related beliefs (rape myth acceptance [RMA]) was examined using the Illinois Rape Myth Acceptance Scale (Payne, Lonsway, & Fitzgerald, 1999) among a nonclinical sample of 258 male and female college students. Predictor variables included measures of attitudes toward women, gender role identity (GRI), sexual trauma history, and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) symptom severity. Using linear regression and testing interaction effects, negative attitudes toward women significantly predicted greater RMA for individuals without a sexual trauma history.However, neither attitudes toward women nor GRI were significant predictors of RMA for individuals with a sexual trauma history."Rape Myth Acceptance, Sexual Trauma History, and Posttraumatic Stress DisorderShannon N. Baugher, PhD,Jon D. Elhai, PhD,James R. Monroe, PhD, Ruth Dakota, Matt J. Gray, PhD
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|Witches, he thought. Always rhyming.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|If we keep seeking, we shall find the sacred land.
Aubrey Moore, Butterfly Red Sky|This caterpillar does not just simply grow wingsFirst, it must alter its mind; transform the very being of itselfIt must climb the tallest tree, the highest mountainSwim the deepest of oceansWalk through the fiercest of flamesAnd then, if it chooses, this caterpillar can become a butterfly
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Although she was gregarious, she inadvertently separated herself from people because she was so often inside her own head, focusing on her creativity.
Richard Feynman|You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing -- that's what counts.
Aishabella Sheikh, Jungle Princess|Christmas was definitely the best thing ever, even better than pizza. But instead of all her favorite toppings, Amitola was surrounded by all her favorite people.
Simón Bolívar|Jesus! it is the name which moves the harps of heaven to melody. Jesus! the life of all our joys. If there be one name more charming, more precious than another, it is this name. It is woven into the very warp and woof of our psalmody. Many of our hymns begin with it, and scarcely any, that are good for anything, end without it. It is the sum total of all delights. It is the music with which the bells of heaven ring; a song in a word; an ocean for comprehension, although a drop for brevity; a matchless oratorio in two syllables; a gathering up of the hallelujahs of eternity in five letters.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Our love has been the thread through thelabyrinth, the net under the high-wire walker, the only real thing in this strange life of mine that I could ever trust.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, Monadology|The Clochemerle 1929 was a magnificent wine. Drinking it in small sips, his grace the Archbishop felt himself well disposed towards the Clochemerlins. It takes all sorts to make a world and a Church, to people Heaven and Hell. But there was no denying that it took capable vignerons to make a wine like this, men whose minds must on no account be distracted by excessive metaphysical cares.
Noam Chomsky|I don't even know how to speak up for myself, because I don't really have a father who would give me the confidence or advice. And if you're always the new kid, you never get a chance to adapt, so your confidence is just zilch.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|Be sure that head and heart were laidIn wisdom down, content to die.Be sure he faced the Starless SkyUnduped, unmurmuring, unafraid.(“The Passing of Bierce”)
Katherine Catmull, The Radiant Road|Like every dreamer, I've always felt that my calling was to create. Since I've never been able to make an effort or carry out an intention, creation for me has always meant dreaming, wanting or desiring, and action has meant desiring of the acts I wish I could perform.
Edmund Spenser, Fowre Hymnes|For love is a celestial harmonyOf likely hearts compos'd of stars' concent,Which join together in sweet sympathy,To work each other's joy and true content,Which they have harbour'd since their first descentOut of their heavenly bowers, where they did seeAnd know each other here belov'd to be.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Here's the bottom line: The secret world of intelligence--at least in the United States of America--represents everything wrong with the government, the industrial era, our financial-economic system, and our ethics.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|A novel, or so-called “fiction,” if deeply researched and conscientiously written, might well contain as much truth as a high-school history textbook approved by a state board of education. But having been designated “historical fiction” by its publisher, it is presumed to be less reliably true than that textbook. If fiction were defined as “the opposite of truth,” then much of the content of many approved historical textbooks could be called “historical fiction.”But fiction is not the opposite of truth. Fiction means “created by imagination.” And there is plenty of evidence everywhere in literature and art that imagination can get as close to truth as studious fact-finding can.
Hunter S. Jones, September Again|Why couldn't she have given him a sultry laugh as she'd seen women do in movies instead of giggling like some enchanted, mindless school girl?
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|Bring no harm to the trees, nor burn them with fire, especially those which are fruitful" - Abu Bak's warfare rules, to his army
Kerrigan Byrne, Unwanted|Sometimes I feel that I could stand in the middle of the square and scream and thrash about like a wildling, and no one would notice.
Joanne Fluke|The next time you come to the Cookie Jar, the coffee’s on me. You could probably bottle that stuff of yours and sell it for rat poison.
Jason Born, Wald Vengeance|Septimus grinned. "It's not coins I seek. I seek the power of Hercules.
Miriam Toews|She told me that the brain is built to forget things as we continue to live, that memories are meant to fade and disintegrate, that skin, so protective in the beginning because it has to be to protect our organs, saga eventually - because the organs aren't so hot anymore either - and sharp edges become blunt, that the pain of letting go of grief is just as panful or even more painful than the grief itself.
Leo Strauss, Natural Right and History|This success permits us to hope that after thirty or forty years of observation on the new Planet [Neptune], we may employ it, in its turn, for the discovery of the one following it in its order of distances from the Sun. Thus, at least, we should unhappily soon fall among bodies invisible by reason of their immense distance, but whose orbits might yet be traced in a succession of ages, with the greatest exactness, by the theory of Secular Inequal
Jessica Marie Baumgartner, The Golden Rule|She may not be like everyone else, but neither am I.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|An Assassin, a real Assassin, had to look like one - black clothes, hood, boots, and all. If they could wear any clothes, any disguise, then what could anyone do but spend all day in a small room with a loaded crossbow pointed at the door?
Stephen Fry, The Book of General Ignorance|Poke had never shared out so many raisins, because she had never had so many to share. But the little kids wouldn't understand that. They'd think, Poke gave us garbage, and Achilles gave us raisins. That's because they were stupid.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|No matter what, don't live a life where you're too scared to die for what you believe in. Always go at it with everything you've got, even if it doesn't seem to be enough.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Deception|Trent Takoda stared at the backside of the sexiest woman he'd ever met. A woman he'd spent months trying to find. To discover she was working for his brother was almost too much irony. He didn't know if he should laugh, cry, or get a drink. Maybe he'd do all three later.
Catherine Cookson|When life gives you lemons, find a friend whose life has given them tequila and have a party.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|the tears finally got the best of him and he pressed his palms to his eyes as his shoulders started to shake. He cried silently, in so much pain that there was no sound to equal it
Travis Luedke, The Nightlife: Paris|We are the wilderness withinScreaming out for true expression.Even when we’re sleeping,There’s no escape from this obsession.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I know a woman who gets tattoos all the time. She acquires new tattoos the way I might buy a new pair of earrings. She wakes up in the morning and announces, "I think I'll go get a new tattoo today." If you ask her what kind of tattoo she's planning on getting, she'll say casually, "I dunno….I'll figure it out when I get to the tattoo shop. Or I'll just let the artist surprise me."Now, this woman is not a teenager. She's a grown woman with adult children, and she runs a successful business. She's also really cool, uniquely beautiful, and one of the freest spirits I've ever met.When I asked her how she could mark up her body so casually and so permanently, she said, "Oh, but you misunderstand: It's not permanent! It's temporary."Confused, I asked, "You mean, all your tattoos are temporary?"She smiled like a sexy rock 'n roll Buddha and said, "No, honey. My tattoos are permanent — it's my BODY that's temporary. And so is yours. We're here on earth for a very short while. I just want to decorate my temporary self as playfully and beautifully as I can, while I still have time."I love this so much, I can't even tell you.I myself am not covered with tattoos. (Although I do have two of them. Before I went traveling for Eat, Pray, Love, I had two words written into my forearms in white ink: COURAGE and COMPASSION.) But I do want to live the most vividly decorated temporary life I can. I don't just mean physically. I mean emotionally, spiritual, intellectually. I don't want to be afraid of bright colors, or big love, or major decisions, or new experiences, or risky creative endeavors, or sudden changes, or even great failure.
Yoko Ono|I can encourage my daughter to love her body, but what really matters are the observations she makes about my relationship with my own body.
John Hay, The Bird of Light|This beach I voyage on leads me through the earth's immortal consistencies. Each form I encounter obeys the principles of perfection and trial, a timelessness in the making. The proportions of truth are at hand. Existence is celebrated in a splinter of driftwood, worn by wind-driven sand into the shape of an arrow. The onshore waves jostle each other, busy with their eternal changing, mixing crab shells, sand grains, and fish bones together. The trim little shorebirds feeding at the water's edge are acutely aware of one another, under the light and shadow leaning and drifting over all awareness. Wither own mysteries behind their beady eyes, their quick, advantageous movements, they follow the great, unifying sea." ~ John Hay. Bird of Light.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|A great deal of success in life depends on the relationship you have with yourself, your partner and your money.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The obedience which God's children yield to Him must be loving obedience. Do not go about the service of God as slaves to their taskmaster's toil, but run in the way of His commands because it is your Father's way.
Jean Toomer, Cane|Call them from their houses, and teach them to dream.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|Unjust laws exist: shall we be content to obey them, or shall we endeavor to amend them, and obey them until we have succeeded, or shall we transgress them at once?
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|You can tell whether some misogynistic societal pressure is being exerted on women by calmly enquiring, ‘And are the men doing this, as well?’ If they aren’t, chances are you’re dealing with what we strident feminists refer to as ‘some total fucking bullshit’.
John Trudell|When I started out the videos, I was dealing with depression, and I wanted to make inspiring videos for others, which would end up inspiring me in turn. I wanted to show the world that it was possible to make a positive switch in life and start over.
Frederick Banting|If you think of exercise as a 60-minute commitment 3 times a week at the gym, you're missing the point completely. If you think that going on a diet has something to do with nutrition, you don't see the forest through the trees. It is a lifestyle. I know it sounds cliche, but you have to find things you love to do.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, The Summer Prince|The summer kings are gods, and we are finally, in the end, just men.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Although much of the work we do in committed relationships we do with our partners, sometimes it’s necessary to start with ourselves.
James Joyce|When asked if she would accept his affairs to try to keep her marriage, she commented, "I do. I think that speaks for itself.
Garth Stein, A Sudden Light|Stories continue in all directions to include even the retelling of the stories themselves, as legend is informed by interpretation, and interpretation is informed by time. And so I tell my story to you, as the Mariner told his: he, standing outside the wedding party, snatching at a passing wrist, paralyzing his victim with his gaze; I, standing with my family at the edge of this immortal forest. I tell this story because telling this story is what I must do.
Ashley D. Wallis, Sometimes|I'm glad she left me the kids. I'd be lost without them. Lost and bitter. With them here, I'm only bitter.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|How true Daddy's words were when he said: all children must look after their own upbringing. Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
Tony Samara|Where ego comes in, loving kindness departs. So wherever there is ego, there is very little space for true bliss and true happiness because true bliss and true happiness isn't exclusive to the attachments the ego enjoys playing with, but rather a free state of mind that is part of loving kindness and its activities inside and outside of oneself.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Death isn't empty like you say it is. Emptiness is life without freedom, Darrow. Emptiness is living chained by fear, fear of loss, of death. I say we break those chains. Break the chains of fear and you break the chains that bind us to the Golds, to the Society. Could you imagine it? Mars could be ours. It could belong to the colonists who slaved here, died here." Her face is easier to see as the night fades through the clear roof. It is alive, on fire. "If you led the others to freedom. The things you could do, Darrow. The things you could make happen." She pauses and I see her eyes are glistening. "It chills me. You have been given so, so much, but you set your sights so low.""You repeat the same damn points," I say bitterly. "You think a dream is worth dying for. I say it isn't. You say it's better to die on your feet. I say it's better to live on our knees.""You're not even listening!" she snaps. "We are machine men with machine minds, machine lives …" "And machine hearts?" I ask. "That's what I am?""Darrow …" "What do you live for?" I ask her suddenly. "Is it for me? Is it for family and love? Or is it just for some d
Norah Lofts, Bless This House|Whatever. I just won’t have Elena hurt, is all. Or the little red-headed witch.” “Ah, yes, sweet Bonnie. I wouldn’t mind one or two like her. One for Samhain and one for the Solstice.”Damon snorted drowsily. “There aren’t two like her; I don’t care where you look. I won’t have her hurt either.
Rebecca McNutt|Cell phones are certainly not necessary, and "but I'm from the digital age, this is what everyone in my generation is doing!" isn't a very good excuse for being hooked on a glowing screen 24/7. In the 1960's every teen of the times was tripping on acid and running off to find themselves in communes and love buses. It was a fad, there was no excuse for it and it passed, just like I think that this generation's "cell phones are necessary for socialization" fad will eventually pass. What will it bring afterwards? I don't even want to know, but I'll keep my fingers crossed and hope that it isn't anything else digital.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|All she had ahead of her was the cold water, the slow ballet.
Joyram Shaw|Expectation kills. Just go with the flow, you might be surprised when something better comes along in an unexpected way.
Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|Just having friends isn’t enough, however. Our friendships should be ones that are pleasing to God and edifying to us as well as our friends.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Generally, a woman would rather be married to any man that she doesn’t hate, than remain unmarried to a man that she loves.
Mapogo Chuene|Answers don't actually matter that much, it's what you chose to believe
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Telling someone something he does not understand is pointless, even if you add that he will not be able to understand it.
Russell Brand|Perhaps if we could popularise through the techniques of branding and consumerism, a different idea, a different narrative, perhaps the world can change. After all it changes constantly and incessantly, it's just the perceptions that we have are governed by people with self-interest and are not inalignment with the health and safety of us as individuals or as a planet.
Sheldon Richman, Your Money or Your Life: Why We Must Abolish the Income Tax|If liberty is abused, get ready for an awkward result
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Our obsession for success, recognition and supremacy in all circumstances without ever aware of the gravity of the situation and the subtle intricacies that impact the fabric of the society as a whole has made us more inhuman than humanly possible, as a result we have become more artificial, with not even an iota of LIFE throbbing within Us. Humanity as a whole has come to this juncture, wherein if we don't dare to accept and act on our vulnerabilities, our shortcomings in totality and to embrace failures in same breath as success as an integral part of life, then I fear we are creating a world of zombies!
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|The balance of this world is not upset by accident. It is not upset by those who blunder accidentally into wrong. Evil comes when those who know better, who have seen the pain they cause, nevertheless cause more pain.
Noam Chomsky|Most problems of teaching are not problems of growth but helping cultivate growth. As far as I know, and this is only from personal experience in teaching, I think about ninety percent of the problem in teaching, or maybe ninety-eight percent, is just to help the students get interested. Or what it usually amounts to is to not prevent them from being interested. Typically they come in interested, and the process of education is a way of driving that defect out of their minds. But if children['s] ... normal interest is maintained or even aroused, they can do all kinds of things in ways we don't understand.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|When it comes to people… you could aptly say that I am a racist… a human racist. I believe in people. There are good and not-so-good people of all colors and creeds. I’m not here to judge. Period. As people, we draw judgments from others when we behave badly, especially when we try to blame our bad behavior on others. This is not based on race, age, sex, or religion. It’s based on behavior differences.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The universe is eternal; every person appears in the stream of time, and then disappears. The ego does not survive. Life is significant despite that it ends. The products of human life that we cherish – love, happiness, beauty, art, kindness, – have value without being everlasting. We must conquer human fearfulness in order to live a dignified life.
Paige Tyler, In the Company of Wolves|Why aren't you turning me over to your cop friends right now?" she demanded.	He shrugged. "To tell the truth, I have absolutely no idea. But let's talk anyway.
E. L. Tenenbaum|Writing is like riding a bike. Once you gain momentum, the hills are easier. Editing, however, requires a motor and some horsepower.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Colonel Cathcart is our commanding officer and we must obey him. Why don't you fly four more missions and see what happens?""I don't want to.""Suppose we let you pick your missions and fly milk runs?" Major Major said. "That way you can fly the four missions and not run any risks.""I don't want to fly milk runs. I don't want to be in the war anymore.""Would you like to see our country lose?" Major Major asked."We won't lose. We've got more men, more money, and more material. There are ten million men in uniform who could replace me. Some people are getting killed and a lot more are making money and having fun. Let somebody else get killed.""But suppose everybody on our side felt that way?""Then I'd certainly be a damned fool to feel any other way. Wouldn't I?
Shri Nagesh, BELIEFS & MORALS|Body is slave of mind. Mind is regulated by ideas, attitudes, beliefs and tendencies. What really matters is that which set of beliefs get most well entrenched in the mind of a person in the first few decades of his life so as to guide him for the rest of his life as he starts his journey from one end of life to another end of life.
Paul Klee|It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.
Himmilicious|Do question, even the basics!You will be a fool for once!If you don't, you will be, for a lifetime..
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You think you're losing your mind, but do keep in mind, as long as you may, that the ability to go on thinking such a thing means it's not all gone.
H.L.  Stephens|There is only one person in the world, aside from your dog, who has any hope of liking you regardless of your success or failure. That's you. I think it's worth a little of your time to get to know that person better.
Eugene O'Neill, Long Day's Journey Into Night|Happy roads is bunk. Weary roads is right. Get you nowhere fast. That's where I've got—nowhere. Where everyone lands in the end, even if most of the suckers won't admit it.
Tom Robbins|Even if we have to go without bread, we Albanians do not violate principles. We do not betray Marxism - Leninism.
John Connolly, The Burning Soul|And I told him that I believed in God because I had seen His opposite. I had seen all that He was not, and been touched by it, and so I could no more deny the possibility of an ultimate goodness to set against such depravity than I could deny that daylight followed darkness, and night the day.
William Jennings Bryan|The first objection to Darwinism is that it is only a guess and was never anything more. It is called a 'hypothesis,' but the word 'hypothesis,' though euphonious, dignified and high-sounding, is merely a scientific synonym for the old-fashioned word 'guess.' If Darwin had advanced his views as a guess they would not have survived for a year, but they have floated for half a century, buoyed up by the inflated word 'hypothesis.' When it is understood that “hypothesis” means 'guess,' people will inspect it more carefully before accepting it.
Julia Marriott|Thinking over this thought, this whole thinking makes no sense.
Richard P. Kluft|...I am uncontrollable and dangerous. But of course I do not say this to Jake, mostly because he has never been locked up and doesn't understand what it feels like to lose control, and he only wants to watch the football game now, and none of this means anything to him, because he has never been married and he has never lost someone like Nikki and he is not trying to improve his life at all, because he doesn't ever feel the war that goes on in my chest every single fucking day--the chemical explosions that light up my skull like the Fourth of July and the awful needs and impulses and...
Laura Treacy Bentley, The Silver Tattoo|Yes – But – Well, it is yours to choose. I do not force anyone. Is it a hard choice?” “No-o.” Judith shook her head. “Except that I do not know which to choose.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Decades can pass,You can move countries,Wars can be fought,People can die,People can change,But the stars stay the same.They stay constant,They are really the only reliable things in life
Charlotte Bronte|Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|The wise man is one who knows, the significance and nothingness of his life.
René Descartes|You know how some people get sun-kissed, well i got sun bitch slapped
Unarine Ramaru|No matter what the odds say, be even with who you truly are.
Ian Harding|I embrace old age. Look, I'm never going to dunk on LeBron James, and I've learned to accept that. I got a pretty good life, and I'm very fortunate, and I have my blessings.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Colloquy of Monos and Una|Once men sang together round a table in chorus; now one man sings alone, for the absurd reason that he can sing better. If our civilization goes on like this, only one man will laugh, because he can laugh better than the rest.
Michael Shermer|Becoming famous is a really shocking thing, especially when you don't have aspirations to it. It got to the point where I would try and avoid making eye contact with anyone. It was freaky, and it just happened overnight. I couldn't handle it.
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|Don't worry, Evie; my heart isn't broken, only bruised.
Camille Sweeney|Success comes as a result of preparing oneself for inspiration, and then being willing to pay attention to it and do what it says. I've learned that before I make big decisions, I must first have a clear picture in mind and on paper of the outcome I am seeking.
Marie Lu, Champion|That's what being a demigod was all about, not quite belonging in the mortal world or on Mount Olympus but trying to make peace with both sides of their nature.
P.J. Roscoe, Diary of Margery Blake|Love truly is the strongest emotion. Find it, hold it and use it
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|In America the vast spaces accentuate the vast spaces between people, deserts which stretch between human beings. It is a void which has to be spanned by the automobile. It takes an hour to reach a movie, two hours to reach a friend. So the coyotes howl and wail at the awful emptiness of mountains, deserts, hills.
E.R. Eddison, The Worm Ouroboros|Where were all heroical parts but in Helteranius? and a man might make a garment for the moon sooner than fit the o'erleaping actions of great Jalcanaius, who now leaveth but his body to bedung that earth that was lately shaken at his terror. I have waded in red blood to the knee; and in this hour, in my old years, the world is become for me a vision only and a mock-show.
Ellen Rowland, Everything I Thought I Knew: An Exploration of Life and Learning|We only have one life (unless you’re a cat or a Buddhist) and it’s often dictated to us by what society tells us we should do. So we normalize and accept the paradox. We glamorize busy, but long to take a breath. We praise fat pay checks, but forget to be generous. We flaunt accumulation, but don’t use what we have. We value our diplomas, but forget how to be curious. We push a button on a treadmill that doesn’t take us anywhere as we look out at the park across the street.
Ellen Stofan|When you take a shower in space, you have to press the water onto your body to clean yourself, and then you gotta vacuum it off.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|Every day for a week, sitting in my idling car, saying goodbye without saying anything at all—the touch of his hand, his forehead pressed to mine, the way he brushed my hair out of my face, tucking it behind my ear. And still, he hadn’t kissed me. Not once. Nothing but that brief brush of his lips. I was beginning to go a little crazy.
Daniel W. Drezner, Theories of International Politics and Zombies|[In case of zombie uprising] Marxists and Feminists would likely sympathize more with zombies. To Marxists, the undead symbolize the oppressed proletariat. Unless the zombies were all undead white males, feminists would likely welcome the posthuman smashing of existing patriarchal structures.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|The employment equation used to be built on a foundation of two-way loyalty. The world has changed. Today, successful employment relationships can only be sustained on a foundation of two-way honesty
Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly|I love you, Vic! Anything else is lies. I really, truly love you. I’ll love you until the day I die.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson|When the Taiwan Relations Act passed in 1979, our biggest concern was preventing the use of military force against Taiwan. Little did we know that our friends on Taiwan could so effectively use the space created by our friendship to revolutionize their political system.
Jasper Fforde, First Among Sequels|Remembrance restores possibility to the past, making what happened incomplete and completing what never was. Remembrance is neither what happened nor what did not happen but, rather, their potentialization, their becoming possible once again.
Daniel Guérin, Anarchism|If crimes are committed they must be seen as a disease, and punishment as treatment rather than as social vengeance.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|There is the softest of sobbing as the coffin is lowered into the ground, but it is difficult to pinpoint who it is coming from, or if it is instead a collective sound of mingled sighs and wind and shifting feet.
Stephen Hawking|Ever since the Industrial Revolution, investments in science and technology have proved to be reliable engines of economic growth. If homegrown interest in those fields is not regenerated soon, the comfortable lifestyle to which Americans have become accustomed will draw to a rapid close.
Francoise Hardy|My parents were mourning the death of my sister. She was killed in a car accident before I was born, and I didn't know she existed until I was 13 or 14 years old. I knew I was growing up in a house where people were angry and sad.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|But I quite like the way you can talk about science without necessarily using mathematics, but using metaphors instead.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|Wellâ€¦itâ€™s whether you want to face certain death by taking a risk on the other route or almost certain death by scaling the walls?â€� she replied. â€œTherefore, for me, considering our options, itâ€™s a no brainer.
K.J. Parker, The Folding Knife|That’s the thing,” she said. “You add on getting rid of starvation and poverty like it’s a fringe benefit. Like the slice of lemon you get with a plate of whitebait.” He laughed. “That’s why I succeed,” he said, “where the men with beautiful souls always fail. If you walk through the market asking the stallholders to give you a slice of lemon for free, they’d laugh in your face. Pay for the whitebait and you get a good meal of whitebait for your money, plus the free lemon.
Chantelle Shaw, The Ultimate Risk|I believe that just because something didn’t go the way you planned it once, it’s no reason not to try again.
Richard Rohr|This seems to have been St. Augustine's very notion of "memory," not just nostalgia for some past moment, but connecting past, present, and future in one complete contemplative knowing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Upnext" is your success... but before that, remember "up there" is your God who requires from you to be "upright" to fulfill your destiny! Be "up" and keep going!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Don’t put your wand there, boy! ... Better wizards than you have lost buttocks, you know!
Shannon Celebi, Driving Off Bridges|She also understood there was a hole in her heart where her son should be, that she was a wicked, selfish woman for wishing him back.
Sunday Adelaja|But if they called everything divine which they do not understand, why, there would be no end of divine beings.
Astrid Brown, Whispered Fantasies|Why spend our time searching to feel reality, when it’s the times that don’t feel real that we remember forever?
Daniel Woodrell, The Bayou Trilogy: Under the Bright Lights, Muscle for the Wing, and The Ones You Do|You heard people say forty was the new thirty and fifty was the new forty and sixty was the new forty-five, but you never heard anybody say eighty was the new anything. Eighty was just eighty.
Elizabeth Smart, By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept|The moon is the friendliest of the celestial bodies, after all, glowing warm and white and welcoming, like a friend who wants only to know that all of us are safe in our narrow worlds, our narrow yards, our narrow, well-considered lives. The moon worries. We may not know how we know that, but we know it all the same: that the moon watches, and the moon worries, and the moon will always love us, no matter what.
Le Corbusier|Where there is no human connection, there is no compassion. Without compassion, then community, commitment, loving-kindness, human understanding, and peace all shrivel. Individuals become isolated, the isolated turn cruel, and the tragic hovers in the forms of domestic and civil violence. Art and literature are antidotes to that.
Debasish Mridha|Those who love, never complain, but those who don't love, always complain.
Anonymous|We used to believe that memories were best retrieved in the same place that they were first laid down. Like everything else we think we know, that's not so clear anymore.
Robert  Herrick, Hesperides|If little labour, little are our gains:Man's fortunes are according to his pains.
Kimberly Derting, The Offering|When plotting revenge, you should dig two graves - one for your enemy, and the other for yourself
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|We have little control over the circumstances of life. We can't control the weather or the economy, and we can't control what other people say about or do to us. There is only one area where we have control--we can rule the kingdom inside. The heart of every problem is the problem in the heart.
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station|O night, O sweetest time, though black of hue,with peace you force all the restless work to end;those who exalt you see and understand,and he is sound of mind who honours you.You cut the thread of tired thoughts, for soyou offer calm in your moist shade; you sendto this low sphere the dreams where we ascendup to the highest, where I long to go.Shadow of death that brings to quiet closeall miseries that plague the heart and soul,for those in pain the last and best of cures;you heal the flesh of its infirmities,dry and our tears and shut away our toil,and free the good from wrath and fretting cares.
Peter Redgrove, The Black Goddess and the Unseen Real: Our Uncommon Senses and Their Common Sense|His (Samuel Coleridge) dark senses were constantly in play, the frustration of them bringing illness. Weather and organic nature combined in a synaesthetic multi-media event, and this was the ground of all perception before it was divded up in daily living: the Primary Imagination giving way to the Secondary. Poetry was forever seeking a conscious return to this state, which existed all the time, whether he knew it or not.
Kady Cross, Sisters of Blood and Spirit|We are the rocks and reefs of the human sea, tumultuous outcrops, magnets for wrecks. The peaks of mountains you cannot see: that's us, all right. Dark even on the brightest day. Stony and defiant of the prevailing currents until we are eventually worn down and dissolved. Sometimes soaked and sometimes dry as a bone. Hammered by tides and grimly standing our ground against the pounding. Probably even secretly enjoying the pounding.
Mark Frost, The Secret History of Twin Peaks|Mysteries precede humankind, envelop us and draw us forward into exploration and wonder. Secrets are the work of humankind, a covert and often insidious way to gather, withhold or impose power. Do not confuse the pursuit of one with the manipulation of the other.
Cara Bradley, On the Verge: Wake Up, Show Up, and Shine|Living on the verge is not about doing more, but about being more. It isn’t about achieving more; it’s about experiencing more. It’s not about being someone different, as there ’s no “better versionof you” on the horizon. Everything you’re searching for is available to you in this moment. Everything you need is right here on the verge.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|I do not want to be like a small animal bitten by a snake, going stiff with that poison. I want to bite back.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|You ask 'Are you a man or a demon?' Neither, I say. I have woken up, and the rest of you are sleeping, and that is the only difference between us.
Ha-Joon Chang|If you like small government you need to work hard at having a strong national defense that is not so militant. Personal liberty is the purpose of government, to protect liberty - not to run your personal life, not to run the economy, and not to pretend that we can tell the world how they ought to live.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|It was words and reading that had made me quiet, and being quiet had made me a mark.
Julia Green, Breathing Underwater|My mind has cleared a little; I’ve regained some instincts and associations, echoes of the Living world if not actual memories. Those I still have to steal.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You must remember that whether you like it or not, every day your life is diminishing, your life is reducing and your life is pouring out. Whether you convert that diminishing life into something or you don’t convert it to anything, it’s your problem. The life will keep on reducing and diminishing.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|At times, reality is love’s great challenge. When our old stories and dreams are shattered, our first instinct may be to resist, deny, or cling to the way things were. But if we loosen our grip, often what fills the space is a tender forgiveness and the potential for a new and different kind of love.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Today, these doormen, they wear body armour, armoured gloves, stab proof vests and all sorts; it’s totally changed, you get shot at the door you are paid to stand at, never mind getting stabbed. Druggies go away, get a gun, return and start shooting at you! Yeah, times are changing fast and there are some nice kids out there and some of them are fucking wild. I can’t see it getting better with these drug mugs because they get on them and they can’t get off them again.
Oscar Wilde|When bankers get together for dinner, they discuss Art. When artists get together for dinner, they discuss Money
Cherry Tigris, Toilet Paper People: no ONE is perfect|He was home, but he wasn't. He had gotten where he had to go, but he hadn't. He had found out who he was, but he didn't know why it had failed to satify his questions.
Sylvia Day, Entwined with You|The Best of you, are those who are the Best to their families.
Janet Evanovich, Three to Get Deadly|Whatever the Clave was discussing, the Council meeting was dragging on brutally late. “But he knows New York. He doesn’t know Alicante—
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|They say Alexander the Great slept with 'The Iliad' beneath his pillow. Though I have never led an army, I am a wanderer. During the waning moon, I cradle Homer’s 'Odyssey' as if it were the sweet body of a woman.
Sameer Kamat, Business Doctors: Management Consulting Gone Wild|In the business world, there is no gray. Either you are black, or you are white-washed.
Marie Lu, Champion|Where I come from, we're more about efficiency,' he replies. 'A knife like this'll skewer food, smear butter, and slit throats all at the same time.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|After having so nobly disentangled themselves from the shackles of Parental Authority, by a Clandestine Marriage, they were determined never to forfeit the good opinion they had gained in the World, in so doing, by accepting any proposals of reconciliation that might be offered them by their Fathers – to their farther trial of their noble independence however they never were exposed.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Timing is a critical issue when it comes to succession. Passing the baton too early or too late could both cause irreparable damage. The timing just has to be right, but again you are responsible for creating or influencing the right conditions over the course of your leadership tenure.
Umberto Eco, Baudolino|There, Master Niketas,’ Baudolino said, ‘when I was not prey to the temptations of this world, I devoted my nights to imagining other worlds. A bit with the help of wine, and a bit with that of the green honey. There is nothing better than imagining other worlds,’ he said, ‘to forget the painful one we live in. At least so I thought then. I hadn’t yet realized that, imagining other worlds, you end up changing this one.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|The mystical non-sense of afterlife indeed gives solace to the mind in times of weakness, but why should the mind let its weakness be the fuel for primitiveness in the first place!
Dennis Quaid|The Queen of Crafts herself, Martha Stewart, and I have the same birthday. I prefer to think it's the glue-gun wielding, perfect-tart-producing Martha and not the copper pan-throwing, jail-going Martha. But I suppose if I am going to share a calendar square with some of Martha, I have to share it with all of Martha.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You have unlimited resources, begin your work!
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Take care, take care. This city thrives! It's money gives you wings to soar. But it is a yoke on your shoulders and you would do well to take note of the bruise around your neck.
Corrie ten Boom|God dealt with our whole situation on the cross; there is nothing left for you to settle. Just say to Him, "Lord, I cannot forgive and I will no longer try to do it; but I trust that You in me will do it. I can't forgive and love; but I trust that You will forgive and love in my place and that You will do these things in me.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|This has always bothered me. If "Change" is the only constant how can we have absolutes?
Mondino de' Liuzzi Mondino dei Luzzi Mundinus de Leuciis|For, when the friendship is purely spiritual, the love of God grows with it; and the more the soul remembers it, the more it remembers the love of God, and the greater the desire it has for God; so that, as the one grows, the other grows also. For the spirit of God has this property, that it increases good by adding to it more good, inasmuch as there is likeness and conformity between them. But, when this love arises from the vice of sensuality aforementioned, it produces the contrary effects; for the more the one grows, the more the other decreases, and the remembrance of it likewise. If that sensual love grows, it will at once be observed that the soul's love of God is becoming colder, and that it is forgetting Him as it remembers that love; there comes to it, too, a certain remorse of conscience. And, on the other hand, if the love of God grows in the soul, that other love becomes cold and is forgotten; for, as the two are contrary to one another, not only does the one not aid the other, but the one which predominates quenches and confounds the other, and becomes strengthened in itself, as the philosophers say. Wherefore Our Saviour said in the Gospel: 'That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.' That is to say, the love which is born of sensuality ends in sensuality, and that which is of the spirit ends in the spirit of God and causes it to grow. This is the difference that exists between these two kinds of love, whereby we may know them.
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|When we refer to 'the biblical approach to economics' or the biblical response to politics' or 'biblical womanhood,' we're using the Bible as a weapon disguised as an adjective.
Kay Wood|-You have what they call the complete package, Adders.-What do you know about my package?-No that package, you idiot! You are the complete package! I wasn't talking about what's in your trousers!
Naeem Abdullah, Islam: A Favor to Humanity|The world today is fast becoming one.Humanity is one, God is one and mankind are all part of one human family.all Religions are connected, and they all lead to faith in the one God, no matter what name we give him he is but one God.
Munia Khan|For whatever is truly wondrous and fearful in man, never yet was put into words or books.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|Do not judge to Anyone, Do not let anyone to judge you.But Every person must have little moral and honest to judge themselves.
William Shakespeare|n sooth, I know not why I am so sad:It wearies me; you say it wearies you;But how I caught it, found it, or came by it,What stuff 'tis made of, whereof it is born,I am to learn;And such a want-wit sadness makes of me,That I have much ado to know myself.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|These Moments Cascade Upon One Another"Here at shepherd's dusk, in a valley without echo, I listen for you. With a frayed longing, I hear your shadow voice whispering within me from far away. I grasp at what is left of this husky sun lying golden upon the upper meadows of lodge pole and bear grass. I gather the last remnants of the evening's breeze, so cool and lazy within my arms, feeling it curl up like a small and innocent kitten. And I see that behind a cloak of clouds, dalliance suits the canting moon. Suddenly I do not wish to lose another moment, And I covet all pristine light.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Your creativity is way older than you are, way older than any of us. Your very body and your very being are perfectly designed to live in collaboration with inspiration, and inspiration is still trying to find you—the same way it hunted down your ancestors.
Émile Zola, The Fortune of the Rougons|They again kissed each other and fell asleep. The patch of light on the ceiling now seemed to be assuming the shape of a terrified eye, that stared wildly and fixedly upon the pale, slumbering couple who reeked with crime beneath their very sheets, and dreamt they could see a rain of blood falling in big drops, which turned into golden coins as they plashed upon the floor.
Masashi Kishimoto|Then when I saw Pain attack Hinata, I was so mad, so full of rage, I let the Nine-Tails take over without even thinking about it.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Escape is a process, not a pill.
J. Limbu|My mind is like a seaYou will only drown, If you think you can swimThere are things that devours me, No love can ever save me.
L.E. Flinders, The Wolves Within Our Walls|Change is always a scary thing. We try to imagine various scenarios to prepare ourselves, like Jacob did with his hypotheticals. But when you find yourself in circumstances that you never thought possible, even if frequently imagined, when the consequences of those impossible, fantasy-tinted circumstances become real, it can be paralyzing.
Steven Magee|Agricultural oil production is, and always has been, about industry. It was never about health.
Vann Chow|Inspiration does not linger in one place over time, therefore human effort shouldn't be scaled on earlier attempt.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Taking your own life could become the ultimate failure, because you will be killing and closing the existing door to a chance that might have been waiting to lead you into another path.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|I will tear this folly from my heart, though every fibre bleed as I rend it away!
Sara Shepard, Perfect|Before you enbark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.
Cormac McCarthy, Blood Meridian, or the Evening Redness in the West|Possibly a man who hates the land should dwell on shore forever. Alienation and the long voyages at sea will compel him once again to dream of it, torment him with the absurdity of longing for something that he loathes.
Voltaire|The problem, when comparing contemporary television to television in 1974, is that TV has become not just bad but sad.
Janet Bode, Voices of Rape|Matthews asked:“How intimate was your relationship with Dr. Miller?”“Intimate?” Phil still couldn’t grasp what they were asking.“My colleague is asking if you’d ever had sex with Dr. Miller before that evening.” Jones added curtly. “I’ve never…We’ve never…We’re friends. We’d never had sex before that evening, and we didn’t have sex that evening either.”“How do you explain your semen in her sheets then, Mr. Marshall?
H. R. McMaster|I do a little fact checking now and then. Other than that its impact is simply that email has revolutionized communication for me, and my website has built up a community of readers, which is a lot of fun.
Brian McGreevy, Hemlock Grove|Roman ignored her and took her ankles and flipped them purposefully, but because of her hands she could not turn all the way and ended up with her legs scissored unintuitively, and suddenly things were different. Ashley had heard girls tell stories of getting into situations and changing their minds as though this made them victims of what happened next, like that was how it worked, that you got so far and it switched off just like that and they were not themselves to blame for being little sluts and cock teases in the first place. But now she understood: it was not like that. Changing your mind was not the thing that happened at all, what changed was your body telling you what was right and what was wrong and before now she had never known the way things can just like that go all wrong.
Lord Byron|When from our better selves we have too long been parted by the hurrying world, and droop. Sick of its business, of its pleasures tired, how gracious, how benign is solitude.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|At that moment there was a knock on the door, and Sam came in. He ran to Frodo and took his left hand, awkwardly and shyly. He stroked it gently and then he blushed and turned hastily away.
Pope Francis|Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn't anyone who doesn't appreciate kindness and compassion.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|This is Winter," said Scarlet. "Princess Winter."Thorne guffawed and pushed a hand into his hair. "Are we running a boardinghouse for misplaced royalty around here, or what?
Robert   Harris, Imperium: A Novel of Ancient Rome|Power brings a man many luxuries, but a clean pair of hands is seldom among them.
Indira Gandhi|Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I realized that your mother couldn't see the emptiness, she couldn't see anything...All of the words I'd written to her over all of those years, had I never said anything to hear at all?
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|No ale for the girl, Birgit," Aidan said to the woman. "Do we not have milk?"Regin's face heated. And all the worse, because she would dearly love some milk.
Israelmore Ayivor|Self-control is a divided battle in one body. The "self" produces desires that "you" must battle with and kick off. Two wrestlers in one body. Just imagine. It's difficult, though rewarding!
Steve Mosby, The Third Person|The are some things beyond human comprehension. i know that there's a Heaven and a Hell, and I've seen what can come out of both. For now that's all I need to know - Xavier Woods
Cecelia Ahern|I grew up in this poor place, with very limited circumstances, at about 16 years of age was sent by my family to work, and instead of remaining in the position into which I was sent, I somehow worked my way out of it without any help from anyone, just luck.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|Don't be led away to think this part of the world important and that unimportant. Every corner of the world is important. No man knows whether this part or that is most so, but every man may do some honest work in his own corner.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|I made such a fool of myself,” she lamented.“Love does not make you a fool.”“He didn’t love me back.”“That does not make you a fool, either.”“Just tell me …” Her voice cracked. “When does it stop hurting?”“Sometimes never.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Love turns, with little indulgence, to indifference or disgust: hatred alone is immortal.
Anonymous|I surrender my life to the Saviour, Jesus Christ.
OlgaGOA|Stop smiling as if we'd been acquainted with you for ages!" #VeronicaLedyanova. #ItalianPassion
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|I by no means say … God is nothing, the Trinity is nothing, the Word of God is nothing, … . I only show that they are not that which the illusions of theology make them[.]
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people.
Tom Brady|Sugar does make people happy, but then you fall off the edge after a few minutes, so I've really pretty much cut it out of my diet. Except for cupcakes. I like those.
Lisa Scottoline, Have a Nice Guilt Trip|I learned that protecting someone by keeping him away from me doesn't shelter either of us. I learned that feeling other people's feelings for them doesn't bring us closer, it only separates me from myself and my needs. I always thought being codependent meant being too emotionally glued to someone; I didn't realize the way I was doing it was setting me adrift.
Deyth Banger|Cascando"why not merely the despaired ofoccasion ofwordshedis it not better abort than be barrenthe hours after you are gone are so leadenthey will always start dragging too soonthe grapples clawing blindly the bed of wantbringing up the bones the old lovessockets filled once with eyes like yoursall always is it better too soon than neverthe black want splashing their facessaying again nine days never floated the lovednor nine monthsnor nine livessaying againif you do not teach me I shall not learnsaying again there is a lasteven of last timeslast times of begginglast times of lovingof knowing not knowing pretendinga last even of last times of sayingif you do not love me I shall not be lovedif I do not love you I shall not lovethe churn of stale words in the heart againlove love love thud of the old plungerpestling the unalterablewhey of wordsterrified againof not lovingof loving and not youof being loved and not by youof knowing not knowing pretendingpretendingI and all the others that will love youif they love youunless they love you
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|She (my mother) could still recite them (the poems) in full when she was lying helpless and nearly blind, in her bed, an old lady. Reciting, her voice took on resonance and firmness, it rang with the old fervor, with ferocity even. She was teaching me one more, almost her last, lesson: emotions do not grow old. I knew that I would feel as she did, and I do.
Penn Jillette|To drive a car in rural America is freedom. Before I had a car, I'd never seen a rock and roll show, I'd never seen a comic or a show.
Dallas Louis, The Mommy Diaries; How I'm Survivng Parenting without Killing Anyone|You can't have that wish, my Little Bear,' said Mother Bear.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|We are humanity, the banner read. Wrong. We’re pale reflections of it, weak shadows, distant echoes.
Kathleen Papajohn|Maligned –powerfully-drawn characters acting out a disturbing view of our future.” -David Compton, New York Times Best-Selling author
Goo Goo Dolls|If you can believe in something great, then you can achieve something great.
André Gide, The Immoralist|But I think there comes a point in love, a unique moment which later on the soul seeks in vain to surpass, and that the effort to revive such happiness depletes it; that nothing thwarts happiness so much as the memory of happiness.
Edmund Blunden|Summer vacation is about watermelons, shaved ice, Popsicles, summer festivals with fireworks, and the ocean!!! That's what summer has been about for elementary school kids since the dawn of time! But no, you're worried about UV rays!""Oh my."-I don't think they had elementary school at the dawn of time-
Elsie Hillman-Gordon, Love Is Everything|Behind all the falling rain, the sun still hangs in the sky. And if the sun can hang in there through the rain, surely you can, too.
Edith Wharton, The Verdict|Nelson Mandela once said, 'If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.' He was so right. When you make the effort to speak someone else's language, even if it's just basic phrases here and there, you are saying to them, 'I understand that you have a culture and identity that exists beyond me. I see you as a human being
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Here," Myrnin said, his voice still gentle and low. "Amelie said you had to work. No one said you had to work alone." He picked up the next part and slotted it in, took the screwdriver from Claire's numbed fingers, and fastened it with a couple of deft, fast movements. "I'll be your hands."She wanted to cry, because it was so sweet, but it wouldn't do any good.
Sarah Ban Breathnach, Simple Abundance:  A Daybook of Comfort and Joy|Usually, when the distractions of daily life deplete our energy, the first thing we eliminate is the thing we eliminate is the thing we need the most: quiet, reflective time. Time to dream, time to contemplate what's working and what's not, so that we can make changes for the better. (January 17)
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Dreams won't always take you on a straight path to destiny but they're usually related to what your soul wants for you. They'll force you to ask yourself the hard questions, they'll kick your ass and more importantly, they'll turn you on.
Florence Welch|It's hard to see yourself as a princess because it involves a huge leap of the imagination and sort of requires you to believe you can be that, which is a scary, weird thing.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|You're a hard man to love, Lachlan MacRuairi, but I do belive I'm up to the challenge.""We'll probably argue.""Aye, it seems likely.""I have a bit of a temper when I get angry.""I have noticed," she said wryly."I can be a mean bastard. I"ll probably say something to hurt you."She laughed. "Are you trying to scare me off?"He gave her a rueful smile. " Maybe.""Well, stop - it isn't going to work. I'm quite aware of your faults."He frowned. "I didn't say they were faults.
Jack Vance|One becomes sated with platitudes no less than honey, so that one often breaks another's bones in one's vexation.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|To stand in true relations with men in a false age is worth a fit of insanity, is it not?
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|She had offered to drive, not least because it would have given her some control over the evening, but Gethin had raised an eyebrow and told her he liked a more comfortable ride. She assumed it was a reference to her van rather than some frank over-sharing.
John Milton Lawrence|The way to achieve your goals is step by step, you just need to build enough track, to be ahead of the train." ~ John Milton Lawrence
William O. Douglas|When enough people realize that they are slaves but don't have to be, revolutions happen.
Cornelius Vanderbilt|When you're the best, you only want to surround yourself with the best.
A.D. Posey|We are artists. When we can’t find the beauty, we create it.
George "GM64" Mercado|It is our thoughts, actions and reactions that manifest our future.
Yami Gautam|My kids know there's no candy, no soda, until the weekend. Those are the days they get to indulge in their sweets. We're big on organic food. I'm not a diet guy; I don't believe in diets. I just believe in a great meal plan.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Betrayed and wronged in everything,I’ll flee this bitter world where vice is king,And seek some spot unpeopled and apartWhere I’ll be free to have an honest heart.
William H. Willimon, Thank God It's Friday: Encountering the Seven Last Words from the Cross|How come he cannot recognize his own cruelty now turned against him? How come he can't see his own savagery as a colonist in the savagery of these oppressed peasants who have absorbed it through every pore and for which they can find no cure? The answer is simple: this arrogant individual, whose power of authority and fear of losing it has gone to his head, has difficulty remembering he was once a man; he thinks he is a whip or a gun; he is convinced that the domestication of the "inferior races" is obtained by governing their reflexes. He disregards the human memory, the indelible reminders; and then, above all, there is this that perhaps he never know: we only become what we are by radically negating deep down what others have done to us.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|First he threw out all of his records, trashed his heart and then he went to sleep.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|If you're looking for an enemy, stop imagining it's one group or another. All mankind is your enemy, including yourself.
Minka Kelly|I trust online banking. You know why? Because if somebody hacks into my account and defrauds my credit card company, or my online bank account, guess who takes the loss? The bank, not me.
Marlee Matlin|Next to acquiring good friends, the best acquisition is that of good books.
Roy Ayers|I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.
Gabrielle Bernstein, May Cause Miracles: A 40-Day Guidebook of Subtle Shifts for Radical Change and Unlimited Happiness|When we fulfill our function, which is to truly love ourselves and share love with others, then true happiness sets in.
Robert Mugabe|I know that when I'm standing alone below a thousand-foot wall, looking up and considering a climb, my sponsors are the furthest thing from my mind. If I'm going to take risks, they are going to be for myself - not for any company.
Richard Simmons|Swimming is normal for me. I'm relaxed. I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings. It's my home.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|It's about damned time," he said in a husky voice. "If I had to wait five more minutes to kiss you, I think I probably would have turned into a dragon myself.
Masashi Kishimoto|Walker and Timothy sat quietly for a very long time. “Why do so many people make it so hard for anyone to help them or to love them?” Walker asked finally. Timothy chuckled. “Ah, Walker—if I could explain all of humanity’s foibles, I’d be a rich man indeed, at least as far as money goes. I believe people are like that because of fear. They fear being loved because they fear that if they’re loved, they’ll have to love back. And if they love back, they may get hurt. And many people aren’t ready to put their hearts on the line like that. Mostly because they don’t have anything to fall back on. It’s quite a shame, really, because they hurt themselves by trying to avoid getting hurt. But we have to be willing to die many times if we’re ever going to get on with this business of living.
Jody Hedlund|Hardships are the Lord's greatest blessings to the believer. Without them we would love the Lord only for what He does for us. Our troubles teach us to love Him for who He is." Sister Norton in "The Preacher's Bride
Ruth Ozeki, My Year of Meats|If you feel ashamed of ignorance,it's your fault.Try to make yourself acceptable.
Geoffrey Wood|Rather than signalling the aspiration for system of checks and balances against absolute power, democracy become a euphemism for majority rule.
Caz Greenham, The Adventures of Eric Seagull 'Story-Teller': Book 2 A Fairy's Wish|There is one more thing," said Mr. Peabody. "Now you must go and pick up all the feathers."  ... "I don't think it's possible to pick up all the feathers," Tommy replied. "It would be just as impossible to undo the damage that you have done by spreading the rumor that I am a thief," said Mr. Peabody. "Each feather represents a person in Happyville." ... "Next time, don't be so quick to judge a person. And remember the power of your words.
Matthew      Lewis|In three weeks, the women's team had done more for soccer in the United States than any team had ever done. Yet, the United States Soccer Federation was unprepared and unwelcoming in its acerbic response to the women's success. With petty, resentful, chauvinistic behavior, the federation would bungle what should have been its greatest moment as a national governing body. Its leaders would criticize DiCicco instead of congratulating him, they would threaten to sue the women over an indoor victory tour and they would wait an unacceptably long period before entering into contract negotiations with the team. Then, at the end of the year, the federation would offer a deal that the women found insulting. Unwilling to trust that the federation was bargaining in good faith, the women would boycott a trip to a tournament in Australia. They would become champions of the world, embraced by the president, by the largest crowd ever to watch women play and by the largest television audience for soccer in this country, embraced by everyone, it seemed, but the officials who ran the sport with the vision of a student council. Increasingly, it appeared, the only amateurs left in sports were the people running the federations that governed them.
Michael Buffalo Smith, Prisoner of Southern Rock: A Memoir|The only reason people hold onto memories is because memories are the only things that don't change, even when everyone else does.
Enzo Ferrari|See, when you drive home today, you've got a big windshield on the front of your car. And you've got a little bitty rearview mirror. And the reason the windshield is so large and the rearview mirror is so small is because what's happened in your past is not near as important as what's in your future.
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|Like many who have no reason for pride, that very lack of reason for it made me the prouder.
Jim Davis|An imagination is a powerful tool. It can tint memories of the past, shade perceptions of the present, or paint a future so vivid that it can entice... or terrify, all depending upon how we conduct ourselves today. 
Michael Bassey Johnson|Stage fright is very common and could be overcomed through step by step processes, but stuttering is a fright that takes time to conquer.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|I think I'm an actor because I have very strong imagination and empathy. I never studied acting, but those two qualities are exactly the qualities that make for an activist.
Thomas Love Peacock, Gryll Grange|I like the immaterial world. I like to live among thoughts and images of the past and the possible, and even of the impossible, now and then.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|Extreme right-wingers are known for giving God a bad name; extreme left-wingers are known for giving God a weak name. He's not as simple as conservative versus liberal, old versus new. His wings are balanced. God is both and neither.
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|It's as though you had lost an arm or leg but still instinctively reach out to feel your missing limb or try to walk again, placing your entire weight on something that no longer is there.
Ted Cruz|When it comes to politics today, the devils' not in the details; the devil's in the big picture, more often than not just hiding in plain sight.
Robert Nemerovski|Because we are limited in our knowledge, even the sanest of us are slightly insane. Our limitations are a kind of madness, and we can only choose to deny we are mad, and so descend into a dark spiral of total insanity, or accept we are mad and embark on a quest to regain our true and wholesome sanity
Vladas Griskevicius, The Rational Animal: How Evolution Made Us Smarter Than We Think|Now the leatherback turtle overcame the heat issue via a simple, but evolutionarily impossible solution; it is the only reptile that possesses fatty insulation known as brown adipose tissue, and the only reptile that regulates a high body temperature. This brown adipose tissue is the expression of the UCP1 gene, and, aside from the leatherbacks, is found only in mammals, amphibians, and fishes. Not one other reptile has UCP1.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|I began to know my story then. Like everybody's, it was going to be the story of living in the absence of the dead. What is the thread that holds it all together? Grief, I thought for a while. And grief is there sure enough, just about all the way through. From the time I was a girl I have never been far from it. But grief is not a force that has not power to hold. You only bear it. Love is what carries you, for it is always there, even in the dark, or most in the dark, but shining out at times like gold stitches in a piece of embroidery.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God will never lead contrary to His word—so get acquainted with the Word of God, the Bible. Pray. He leads through the illumination of the Holy Spirit in our hearts. Use whatever you have and be faithful. We are called to serve Christ in our sphere of influence.
James Thurber|The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is not in the moon, but it is in your mind and in the reflection of your heart.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|You have never let me down. You are always there for me. You are the best part of me, who I want to be, and every time I look at you I can hardly believe how lucky I am to be with you and I hope you know that.
Daniel Chong, Secrets of the White Lake|Recognizing Nothing as one's true nature, following the guidance of our conscience - having a clear distinction between absolute and relative values, and using the Earth as the external absolute scale that matches the internal absolute truthfulness.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I know it’s technically goodwill to all men, but in my mind, I drop the men because that feels segregationist/elitist/sexist/generally bad ist.Goodwill shouldn’t be just for men. It should also apply to women and children, and all animals, even the yucky ones like subway rats. I’d evenextend the goodwill not just to living creatures but to the dearly departed, and if we include them, we might as well include the undead, thosesupposedly mythic beings like vampires, and if they’re in, then so are elves, fairies, and gnomes. Heck, since we’re already being so generous in ourbig group hug, why not also embrace those supposedly inanimate objects like dolls and stu
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|The voices of actual communities are alive in a way no theory could every be even if, for now, it takes the form of tiny acts of resistance. Who doesn't cheat on taxes, avoid cops, or skip class? These acts themselves may not be revolutionary, but they begin to unravel the control from above. Anarchist approaches must be relevant to everyday experiences and flexible enough to address struggles in different situations and contexts. If we can achieve this, then we may thrive in the world after the dinosaurs. We might even be fortunate enough to be in one of the communities that have a hand in toppling them.
David Bottoms|Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, And sorry I could not travel both And be one traveler, long I stood And looked down one as far as I could To where it bent in the undergrowth;
Susan Nathan, The Other Side of Israel: My Journey Across the Jewish/Arab Divide|Ari: The serial number was now my new name. I was dehumanized. I was branded like an animal, but was treated worse. This is what racism can do to people.
Anne Bishop, Written in Red|Most of the human body disease such as Obesity, Cancer, Heart disease are linked with our food which we eat in our day to day life. If people are eating health food than how come there be more than 50% death from heart and cancer disease alone in a developed nation such as USA?
Amanda Bretz, Love, Simplified|She rages through my blood, is etched in my alma, and fused to my corazon.” quote Ricardo Emmanuel De La Cruz.Hot & Enchanting, De La Cruz Saga
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Everybody may have gone through the sufferings and pains of falling and failing in love earlier, may be many times.
Edith Wharton|He could not imagine being bored by Susy -- or trying to escape from her if he were. He could not think of her as an enemy, or even as an accomplice, since accomplices are potential enemies: she was some one with whom, by some unheard-of miracle, joys above the joys of friendship were to be tasted, but who, even through these fleeting ecstasies, remained simply and securely his friend.
Kevin Hancock, Not For Sale: Finding Center in the Land of Crazy Horse|Apologies aren't meant to change the past, they are meant to change the future.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|Even now, he is every blue blazer getting into cab, every runner along the river,every motorcycle coming and going.
Rachel Cusk, Transit|What she did learn from all the books was something else, something she hadn't really been expecting, which was that the story of loneliness is much longer than the story of life. In the sense of what most people mean by living, she said. Without children or partner, without meaningful family or a home, a day can last an eternity: a life without those things is a life without a story, a life in which there is nothing - no narrative dramas - to alleviate the cruelly meticulous passing of time.
James Redfield, The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision|Try not to pay attention to those who will try to make life miserable for you. There will be a lot of those--in the official capacity as well as the self-appointed. Suffer them if you can’t escape them, but once you have steered clear of them, give them the shortest shrift possible. Above all, try to avoid telling stories about the unjust treatment you received at their hands; avoid it no matter how receptive your audience may be. Tales of this sort extend the existence of your antagonists....
Jody Wallace, The Whole Truth|And on the point-zero-five percent chance that I do lose, it'll get her on my bike, spreading her legs to straddle the leather and steel. No matter how much I've stuck to my self-imposed rule of "no chicks on the bike," that alone might be worth the small risk.
Jared Leto|Be brave, follow dreams, say fuck you to everybody and fight for what you believe in.
Walt Disney Company|How can you read this? There’s no pictures!” “Well, some people use their imagination.” – Gaston & Belle
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|It is better for the intellectual not to talk all the time. To begin with, it would exhaust him, and, above all, it would keep him from thinking. He must create if he can, first and foremost, especially if his creation does not side-step the problems of his time.
Hayao Miyazaki|See that house with the Ivy on it? From that rooftop, what if you leapt onto the next rooftop, dashed over that blue & green wall, climbed and jumped up the pipe, ran across the roof and jumped to the next? You can, in animation.If you could walk along the cable, you could see the other side. When you look from above, so many things reveal themselves to you. Maybe race along the concrete wall. Suddenly, there in your humdrum town there is a magical movie. Isn’t it fun to see things that way? Feels like you could go somewhere far beyond……maybe you can…
RJ Clawson|Space is dangerous. It's what we do here. If you want to play it safe all the time, go join an insurance company.
Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing|I think so,' said Professor McGonagall dryly, 'we teachers are rather good at magic, you know.
Akshay Vasu|It's a new battle, no matter If I won or lost the last one, this is a new battle & the only thing to take forward is the lesson from the last one, if I won – why & how I won, & if I lost – why & how I lost. I will enter this battle wearing my confidence, carrying a sword (which will be my efforts) & a shield (which will be the lessons learned from previous battles). Now defeat me if you can…
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Those who see poverty looking for human slaves to capture, will tell you they saw him holding the handcuffs of laziness.
Roy  Bennett|If you want to get positive results you have to refuse to think negative thoughts by substituting them with constructive ones. When you develop a positive attitude toward life, your life will start having a positive result.
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws.
Pauline Réage|Life is like a film screen: pictures come, make an impression, go, and then make a place for new pictures with new impressions which obscure the previous ones. Some of those old pictures fade, but the impressions they leave will never pass away. Such an impression is the image of Hein Sietsma -- a joyful Christian who loved life so much but was still willing to give it to the great, good, and holy cause.
Miya Yamanouchi|Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want to believe that the specific direction we have chosen is the "correct one", if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|I don't like rats any more than the next bloke, but they ain't wicked and cruel like people can be. They're just ratty in their habits.
Kenneth Grahame|Well, I took a sabbatical. I walked away from shooting movies because I couldn't handle the travel. I'm a single parent. I had young kids, and I found that keeping in touch with them from hotel rooms and airports wasn't working for me. So I stopped.
Derekica Snake, Tentacles for the Brides Bouquet|...fool me once, shame on me…fool me twice…I deserved to get fucked over.
Robert G. Ingersoll|But those who are incapable ofpitying animals are, as a matter of fact, incapable of pitying men.A physician who would cut a living rabbit in pieces -- laying barethe nerves, denuding them with knives, pulling them out withforceps -- would not hesitate to try experiments with men and womenfor the gratification of his curiosity.
Krist Pauwels, Your Work and Your Life: Towards a True Win-Win|The more completely you can be yourself, the more fully and consciously you participate in the world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No child’s face is dirty even if it is muddy, because an innocent face has so much light that anything comes onto it becomes almost invisible!
Basil Pearl, Middlesettlements|Time seemed to stand still as she noticed three droplets of blood splattered on the Indian's cheek. Crimson red, she thought. Three crimson red droplets. The color of the rubescent calla lilies in her mother's garden. Her mother had explained the wine colored flower meant strength, and passionate courage. How fitting, Zee thought as shock of the reality around her began to set in.
Darynda Jones, Eleventh Grave in Moonlight|As we sat there, the door opened, just barely, and a hand slid inside and dropped a set of keys on a side table."Thanks, Garrett!" I called out.He gave me a thumbs-up and closed the door."How do you suppose he knew we were performing sexual favors on each other?" I asked, snuggling against my man again."Possibly because you screamed my name about seven times.
Deyth Banger|I believe that the world is one strong matrix, to get out of it you can't safe somebody unless you make it such way so you both die. I believe then... at that moment you are out of the Matrix, but it's just kind of paradox which is 50-50.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|The belief in death leads meditating about life; meanwhile, the belief in life leads you thinking about death.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Never had she danced so beautifully; the sharp knives cut her feet, but she did not feel it, for the pain in her heart was far greater.
Marie NDiaye, Three Strong Women|Appearances can be deceiving, but the true colours of your soul remain.
|Success is a mindset just as failure is, but they can never coexist in the same mind.
Georges Clémenceau|L'homme qui n'a pas été anarchiste à seize ans est un imbécile. Mais c'en est un autre, s'il l'est encore à quarante.
René Daumal, A Night of Serious Drinking|it is very tempting, when you talk about the events of the past, to impose clarity and order upon what had neither one nor the other.
Joanna Runciman, The Radiant Woman's Handbook|By this time he had discovered that his neighbour was not very conversible; But whether her silence proceeded from pride, discretion, timidity, or idiotism, he was still unable to decide.
John  Williams, Stoner|The past gathered out of the darkness where it stayed, and the dead raised themselves to live before him; and the past and the dead flowed into the present among the alive, so that he had for an intense instant a vision of denseness into which he was compacted and from which he could not escape, and had no wish to escape. Tristan, Iseult the fair, walked before him; Paolo and Francesca whirled in the glowing dark; Helen and bright Paris, their faces bitter with consequence, rose from the gloom. And he was with them in a way that he could never be with his fellows who went from class to class.
Laurence Binyon|They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old: Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn. At the going down of the sun and in the morning, We will remember them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Have you got stuck in a period of time where you loved or you were loved once? Come back to the present time, because present time is the only time you can do something real about your fate!
Lori R. Lopez, Dance Of The Chupacabras|One’s options in this world are as vast as the horizon, which is technically a circle and thus infinitely broad. Yet we must choose each step we take with utmost caution, for the footprints we leave behind are as important as the path we will follow. They’re part of the same journey — our story.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|But with respect to religion itself, without regard to names, and as directing itself from the universal family of mankind to the divine object of adoration, it is man bringing to his maker the fruits of his heart; and though these fruits may differ from each other like the fruits of the earth, the grateful tribute of everyone is accepted.
Larry Page|In education, technology can be a life-changer, a game changer, for kids who are both in school and out of school. Technology can bring textbooks to life. The Internet can connect students to their peers in other parts of the world. It can bridge the quality gaps.
Ernest Hemingway|A woman always has half an onion left over, no matter what the size of the onion, the dish or the woman
Lorrie Moore, Bark: Stories|She [Mme Sazerat] did not offer her hand, but smiled at my mother with vague melancholy as one smiles at a playmate from one's childhood, but with whom all connection has been severed because she has lived a debauched life, married a jailbird or, worse still, a divorced man.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|For as long as space remains,For as long as sentient beings remain,Until then may I too remainTo dispel the miseries of the world.
Vladimir Lorchenkov, The Good Life Elsewhere|They all went to Bobbi and tried to reasonThey told him because of the cold winter, it was a bad seasonThey pleaded with Bobbi and asked if he could shareas they wouldn't survive if he didn't careBobbi laughed at them and zoomed even louder'What a bunch of losers', he thought even prouderSome bees died and the rest flew awayTo another field far, far away
Iyanla Vanzant|What people fear most about tragedy is its randomness - a taxi cab jumps the curb and hits a pedestrian, a gun misfires and kills a bystander. Better to have some rational cause and effect between incident and injury. And if cause and effect aren't possible, better that there at least be some reward for all the suffering.
Walter Cronkite|Ethics, politics and psychology are all far more difficult to understand now that we know the depths to which human nature can sink.
M.F. Moonzajer|New Rule: Conservatives have to stop rolling their eyes every time they hear the word "France." Like just calling something French is the ultimate argument winner. As if to say, "What can you say about a country that was too stupid to get on board with our wonderfully conceived and brilliantly executed war in Iraq?" And yet an American politician could not survive if he uttered the simple, true statement: "France has a better health-care system than we do, and we should steal it." Because here, simply dismissing an idea as French passes for an argument. John Kerry? Couldn't vote for him--he looked French. Yeah, as a opposed to the other guy, who just looked stupid.Last week, France had an election, and people over there approach an election differently. They vote. Eighty-five percent turned out. You couldn't get eighty-five percent of Americans to get off the couch if there was an election between tits and bigger tits and they were giving out free samples.Maybe the high turnout has something to do with the fact that the French candidates are never asked where they stand on evolution, prayer in school, abortion, stem cell research, or gay marriage. And if the candidate knows about a character in a book other than Jesus, it's not a drawback. The electorate doesn't vote for the guy they want to have a croissant with. Nor do they care about private lives. In the current race, Madame Royal has four kids, but she never got married. And she's a socialist. In America, if a Democrat even thinks you're calling him "liberal," he grabs an orange vest and a rifle and heads into the woods to kill some
Helen Hunt Jackson|Truth is, I'll never know all there is to know about you just as you will never know all there is to know about me. Humans are by nature too complicated to be understood fully. So, we can choose either to approach our fellow human beings with suspicion or to approach them with an open mind, a dash of optimism and a great deal of candour.
Gemma Malley|Before he'd met Anna, he'd thought he'd known what love was, thought he'd understood about friendship, romance, all o fit, but he hadn't - not at all. Until he'd held Anna in his arms, until he'd let her see his soul, until he'd heard her cry gently when he made love to her for the first time, he'd known nothing.
Stephen Cove|The real beginning of influence comes as others sense you are being influenced by them--when they feel understood by you--that you have listened deeply and sincerely, and that you are open.
The Muppets (2011)|The train hit her with the sound of a meat-filled hefty bag smacking the pavement, and the effect was much the same, I guess. (Dark City Lights)
Jay Inslee|Why are we, as a nation so obsessed with foreign things? Is it a legacy of our colonial years? We want foreign television sets. We want foreign shirts. We want foreign technology. Why this obsession with everything imported?
Arne Jacobsen|What I worry about is climate change, because that would have untold effects that we can't even measure yet.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|We human beings constitute and reconstitute ourselves through cultural traditions, which we experience as our own development in a historical time that spans the generations. To investigate the life-world as horizon and ground of all experience therefore requires investigating none other than generativity - the processes of becoming, of making and remaking, that occur over the generations and within which any individual genesis is always already situated. ... Individual subjectivity is intersubjectively and culturally embodied, embedded, and emergent.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I also remember that my father was one of the people who voted to get the Dauntless out of the factionless sector of the city. He said the poor didn’t need policing; they needed help, and we could give it to them. But I would rather not mention that now, or here. It’s one of the many things Erudite gives as evidence of Abnegation’s incompetence.
Marcus Aurelius|There's a logical reason for everything in the universe even if we cannot comprehend, understand, or express that reason.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Leaders devoid of crucible experiences are likely to be overly confident about their ideas, and surprisingly more susceptible to fears; this is also true of children who are overly sheltered from facing challenges and experiences that help build their character. Courageously facing our fears in the difficult times gives us both humility and real confidence.
Mike Ducheine, The Obama Legacy|When the truth reaches the mass, it becomes impossible to govern by deception.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|[Americans] were, for one thing, so smitten with the idea of progress that they invented things without having any idea whether those things would be of any use.
Gordon Neufeld|I do not know many people who think they have succeeded as parents. Those who do tend to cite the markers that indicate (their own) status in the world: the Stanford degree....Those of us less inclined to compliment ourselves on our parenting skills, in other words most of us, recite rosaries of our failures, our neglects, our derelictions and delinquencies.
Karen Chance|I don't think he likes girls", I said. "Or boys. Look at the horror on his face. He doesn't look like a people person.
Malcolm Lowry, Ultramarine|Bad, or good, as it happens to be, that is what it is to exist! . . . It is as though I have been silent and fuddled with sleep all my life. In spite of all, I know now that at least it is better to go always towards the summer, towards those burning seas of light; to sit at night in the forecastle lost in an unfamiliar dream, when the spirit becomes filled with stars, instead of wounds, and good and compassionate and tender. To sail into an unknown spring, or receive one's baptism on storm's promontory, where the solitary albatross heels over in the gale, and at last come to land. To know the earth under one's foot and go, in wild delight, ways where there is water.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|They are playing a game. They are playing at not playing a game. If I show them I see they are, I shall break the rules and they will punish me. I must play their game, of not seeing I see the game
Sally Gardner, Maggot Moon|It had struck me that the world was full of holes, holes which you could fall into, never to be seen again. I couldn't understand the difference between disappearance and death. Both seemed the same to me, both left holes. Holes in your heart holes in your life.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|All this happened in much less time than it takes to tell, since I am trying to interpret for you into slow speech the instantaneous effect of visual impressions.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|Instead of fighting it, I close my eyes and let myself go. I feel the muscles of his shoulder beneath my hand. The frame his arms create is strong, secure, but I want those arms tighter around me. Much tighter around me. Much tighter, much closer.I want there to be no space at all between us.I. Want. Him. So. Badly.I want to kiss him, laugh with him, cry with him, share every freaking moment of my life with him because no matter how many awful things he's done in the past, I can't shake the undeniable feeling that when his arms are around me, I'm home.
Debasish Mridha|We are the source of infinite love, infinite joy, and infinite happiness, but we spend our whole life looking for love, joy and happiness. How foolish is this?
Brad Paisley|When you're old-fashioned like I am, you know marriage is forever. Those vows are a promise.
Thomas   Moore|i did'nt even mind her when she was with me, she cared, but i did'nt, i was so addicted to her, i concealed, never showed, and now,so far, so close, no one knows
Robert Michael Pyle, Sky Time in Gray's River: Living for Keeps in a Forgotten Place|Winter was nothing but a season of snow; spring, allergies; and summer...It was the worst. That was swimsuit season.
Vladimir Sergeyevich Solovyov, The Meaning of Love|When I had the dividing reason, I shrank from many things; after I had lost it in sight, I hunted through the world for the ugly and the repellant, but I could no longer find them.
Alison Gopnik|My job requires me to put on a little dress and run around the streets of New York in heels. But I also had the financial means to hire a yoga teacher to come to my house while my sitter watched the newborn. For 95 percent of the world, that's not realistic.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|And to all the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this. I have, as Tim said, spent my entire adult life fighting for what I believe in. I’ve had successes and I’ve had setbacks. Sometimes, really painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional public and political careers. You will have successes and setbacks, too. This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it. It is. It is worth it. And so we need, we need you to keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives. And to all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me, I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion. Now, I, I know, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but someday, someone will, and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. And, and to all the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|Then the weeks rolled by in a sinister psych ward haze filled with white-coated orderlies and rocking whack-job patients torn straight from some old Jack Nicholson film, all anti-psychotic meds and padded lonely cells...
Anais Nin|Aptitude found in the understanding and is often inherited. Genius coming from reason and imagination, rarely.
Gertrude Stein, Picasso|Spaniards and Americans are not like Europeans, they are not like Orientals, they have something in common, that is they do not need religion or mysticism not to believe in reality as all the world knows it, not even when they see it.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Là-Bas|To love at a distance and without hope; never to possess; to dream chastely of pale charms and impossible kisses extinguished on the waxen brow of death: ah, that is something like it. A delicious straying away from the world, and never the return. As only the unreal is not ignoble and empty, existence must be admitted to be abominable. Yes, imagination is the only good thing which heaven vouchsafes to the skeptic and pessimist, alarmed by the eternal abjectness of life.
Stephanie Tromly|...I thought, God, I promise to stay a virgin, just please don't let anyone probe me.
Jean Giraudoux|Women priests. Great, great. Now there's priests of both sexes I don't listen to.
Bud Abbott|We aren't addicted to oil, but our cars are.
Bob Thurber, Nothing But Trouble|Memory in the mind of man can adapt to the worst conditions. I'll give you an example, an analogy of sorts: Each night I sop rags with beer and lay them out in careful strips. With rags soaked in beer I tease cockroaches from a crack in the baseboard. By morning they're good and drunk and I pop them into a baggy, then take them outside and throw the little buggers away.
Jamais Cascio|My father was the Prime Minister of Pakistan. My grandfather had been in politics, too; however, my own inclination was for a job other than politics. I wanted to be a diplomat, perhaps do some journalism - certainly not politics.
Audre Lorde|I love, love, love being an actor - it's still the hardest and scariest thing I do, outside of parenting. But I've always been someone who likes a busy day.
Christopher Mintz-Plasse|My wife gets pampered pretty well. She's had me trained since she was pregnant, when I started making her oatmeal with fresh berries every morning.
Amanda Steel, After the Zombies|I did what I had to do. Now he's motivated.""Yeah, sure, motivated to s**t his pants maybe," Luke point out.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|You turn me on from across the room, and I’ll completely melt if you come any closer.
Nargis Fakhri|You learn so much about yourself as an artist. I never would have thought that I could sing every night, you know? Travel and perform every single night, and travel to another city the next day and do it all over again? You learn a lot of new things about yourself, and you make a lot of connections with people.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|In the middle of a conversation, someone says to me out of the blue: "I wish you luck." I am astonished; but later I realize that these words connect up with his thoughts about me.And now they do not strike me as meaningless any more.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Were it possible for us to see further than our knowledge reaches, and yet a little way beyond the outworks of our divinings, perhaps we would endure our sadnesses with greater confidence than our joys. For they are the moments when something new has entered into us, something unknown; our feelings grow mute in shy perplexity, everything in us withdraws, a stillness comes, and the new, which no one knows, stands in the midst of it and is silent.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Beside them, little pot-bellied men in light suits and panama hats; clean, pink men with puzzled, worried eyes, with restless eyes. Worried because formulas do not work out; hungry for security and yet sensing its disappearance from the earth. In their lapels the insignia of lodges and service clubs, places where they can go and, by a weight of numbers of little worried men, reassure themselves that business is noble and not the curious ritualized thievery they know it is; that business men are intelligent in spite of the records of their stupidity; that they are kind and charitable in spite of the principles of sound business; that their lives are rich instead of the thin tiresome routines they know; and that a time is coming when they will not be afraid any more.
Helene D. Gayle|Midwives and doctors play a crucial role preventing unnecessary maternal deaths. They educate women about nutrition, health and family planning. And they step in when complications arise.
Rebecca Stead, Goodbye Stranger|Normal, average and ordinary are not a part of my vocabulary. I am an artist after all!
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|No one will shake my conviction that those leaders of men, who are in the nature of carbuncles, of semi-conscious abscesses, who draw feverish crowds to them like noxious humours, have an innate knowledge of arrested time. They play with those vacant moments as though at a game of chequers. A fraction of suspended, frozen time, of inert time, jammed like a wedge into the most wonderfully oiled cogs of the most lucid of minds: and the whole mechanism is brought crashing to the ground, prepared to accept any authority, to endorse the most monstrous aberrations, especially collective ones.
Shaun Cassidy|No, the religion of Jesus is a social religion.
kayser U|if you like Black colour,perhaps you're emotional
Michael N. Castle|I mean I love my family very much, but there is a difference when you're reuniting with your family outside of your hometown and reuniting in the family home.
