Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we begin to shine, the darkness of ignorance will disappear from our society.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|And as he reached for William's leg, the way a small child will reach for its mother's, there welled up through a small hole in the bottom of Mercer's soul a relief surpassing any he'd ever known in waking life.
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|The Reverend William Trent, whose mind was of a serious order, had several times warned his elder sister that too lively a sense of humour frequently led to laxity of principle. She now perceived how right he was; and wondered, in dismay, whether it was because he invariably made her laugh that instead of regarding the Nonesuch with revulsion she was obliged to struggle against the impulse to cast every scruple to the winds, and to give her life into his keeping.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I cannot imagine myself without some opinion, but I wish to have good reasons for them.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Trouble with a long journey like this,' continued the Captain, 'is that you end up just talking to yourself a lot, which gets terribly boring because half the time you know what you’re going to say next.
Debasish Mridha|If you don’t want to waste your time on thinking, start reading.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The more one has engaged in a particular pattern of thought, the more difficult it becomes to override these habitual patterns.
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|Are you always so mistrusting?” he said, lifting a brow.“When my escort is a demon, yes.
Kamila Shamsie, Home Fire|Grief was the deal God struck with the angel of death, who wanted an unpassable river to separate the living from the dead; grief the bridge that would allow the dead to flit among the living, their footsteps overheard, their laughter around the corner, their posture recognizable in the bodies of strangers you would follow down the street, willing them to never turn around.
W.H. Auden, Collected Poems|The ones whose light will remain with me long after they have burnt out are the ones that had grace. Because it's rare that the gift comes with grace. Some of the biggest arseholes I've ever met are the most gifted. Because it's "pretty girl" syndrome. Being gifted is like being born beautiful. You don't have to work a day in a year in your life for it. You were born with it. In one sense, it's like blue blood, money, gift, or beauty. They are the things that should make you the most humble, because they are not the things you have earned. They are the things you were given. Yet, it is my experience that they male people the most spoiled. And the people who work the hardest, and who have overcome the most obstacles on their life, who have reason to beat their breasts are the most humble, sometimes. I can't get over that. it's bewildering to me. To make it through success and still have manners, to still have curiosity, intellectual curiosity, to still have some grace, to keep your dignity, that is really... rare.
Susan X. Meagher, The Reunion|When I have someone to express my sexuality with, I express it with gusto. I think new levels of gusto are in the offing, because I’m finally lying with the woman I was meant to be with.” She kissed her tenderly. “The one who holds my heart.” Shelby threw her arms around Jemma’s shoulders and held on tightly. “I loved you long before I knew what love meant. Now I’m sure. Of our love. Of you. Of us.” Jemma kissed her, tears showing once more. “Now I know heaven exists.” Another sweet kiss followed quickly. “I see it in your eyes.
Criss Jami|The sacrifices we make to stay healthy, to look good, the tasty foods we skip, the guilt trips, the exercising - all these things require great discipline, care, and even a paradoxical, self-denying self-love of sorts in order to be properly executed. However it is regretful that so many of us today are not as passionate about our spiritual holiness as we are about our physical health. They are indeed both important - we should worship in every aspect of our lives - and one even, in a sense, entails the other. Although, this disproportion in said priorities is still very much expected: we humans have always taken a liking to trendiness and the temporal side of things, doing what is judged vainly in the eyes of man before that which is judged vitally and eternally in the eyes of God (i.e. "cleaning the outside of one's cup while leaving a filthy inside"). But in a way, it all goes to show that the man who fully hates discipline hates himself fully; for within the spirit is where The Holy One judges true wellness or malady.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|Then he lets go and walks down the path, without another word. He doesn't look back. But I watch him go. I watch him all the way home.
Hayley Williams|What is the purpose? Do no ask. No one knows, not even God, as He advances along with us, He too, searching and being exposed to danger; He too is given a struggle. Hunger and injustice exist in the heart, as does abundance of darkness. The things you see are not specters; no matter how much blow, they will not be dispelled. They are flesh and bone. Touch them; they exist. Don't you hear a cry in the air? They are crying. What are they crying? Help! To whom they are crying? You! You: every man. Rise up. Our duty is not to ask questions, but to clasp hands one and all and mount the ascent. (Report to Greco)
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|Fame, infamy, they're of the same family.
Walker Percy|I,' she began in her thoughts, as we all do when thinking of ourselves. But this I was her, something, someone whose life she really lived. She was this I, in body and soul, one with its very flesh, its memories, its past, present and future, all of which we seal into a single destiny each time we face ourselves and utter that tiny, unalterable word: 'I.
Alisa Steinberg, Notes from Ellen Wasserfeldman (Preview Plus Bonus Material)|Henry James said there isn't any difference between "the English novel" and "the American novel" since there are only two kinds of novels at all, the good and the bad.
Frederick Banting|There's a feeling sometimes in motherhood that you're alone in what you're going through, and none of us are alone. We're all going through the same thing.
Myles Munroe, understanding your potential discovering the hidden you|You must decide if you are going to rob the world or bless it with the rich, valuable, potent, untapped resources locked away within you.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|To anyone with a drop of Irish blood in them the land they live on is like their mother. It's the only thing that lasts, that's worth working for, for fighting for...
Tawni O'Dell|Community service has taught me all kinds of skills and increased my confidence. You go out there and think on your feet, work with others and create something from nothing. That's what life's all about.
Andrea Cremer, Invisibility|What we want to do in this moment is rarely what's best for us. We need to take a longer view of life and to realize that to become someone worth becoming, I probably need to be doing things I don't want to be doing.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Bad enough to be ill, but to feel compelled to deny the very thing that, in its worst and most active state, defines you is agony indeed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|As he prepared to ride on, he chuckled at the thought of the wolf entering the sheepfold. He would not ride with fire and destruction. The shepherd did not frighten his own pretty lambs.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Many people die long before their departure date, Through ignorance of living a life they never wanted to be apart of but are to scared to change.
Stephen Chbosky|I grew up in the southern United States in a city which at that time during the late '40's and early '50's was the most segregated city in the country, and in a sense learning how to oppose the status quo was a question of survival.
Charles L. Whitfield, Healing the Child Within: Discovery and Recovery for Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families|The observer self, a part of who we really are, is that part of us that is watching both our false self and our True Self. We might say that it even watches us when we watch. It is our Consciousness, it is the core experience of our Child Within. It thus cannot be watched—at least by anything or any being that we know of on this earth. It transcends our five senses, our co-dependent self and all other lower, though necessary parts, of us.	Adult children may confuse their observer self with a kind of defense they may have used to avoid their Real Self and all of its feelings. One might call this defense “false observer self” since its awareness is clouded. It is unfocused as it “spaces” or “numbs out.” It denies and distorts our Child Within, and is often judgmental.
Richard Russo|Celebrity is a word that I find offensive. That's the c-word. I hate it. It means no discernible talent. It means all you want is to be famous. It doesn't mean you're a writer, an actor, a mime. I think I wanna not be a celebrity.
Magda Alexander, Storm Ravaged|THREE MONTHS HAVE GONE BY without the taste of Gabriel Storm in my mouth, the scent of his skin in my nostrils, the rush of his powerful body pounding into mine.
Maria Tallchief|I bet you have girls hanging all over you. Dozens would probably kill to be in my spot and here I am, allergic to your bread.” I looked up. “Why? Because of my near godlike perfection?
Sundar Pichai|As I approach my 88th birthday, it's become apparent to me that my eyes and ears, among other appurtenances, aren't quite what they used to be. The prospect of long flights to wherever in search of whatever are not quite as appealing.
Leon Trotsky, History of the Russian Revolution|I think the notion of dreaming in a time where we are told that it is foolish, futile or not useful is one of the most revolutionary things we can do. To have our lives determined by our dreams of a free world--instead of reactions to a state-imposed reality--is one of the most powerful tools of decolonization.
Don A. Martinez, The Advance Guard|Ariel sighed. “How are you not self-conscious about that?”Kitty chuckled. “Hey, I got used to it in a hurry, and I kind of like the side perks. I always wanted to … y’know, be superhuman, do some of the things I’ve been able to do with this setup.” She curled her tail up to take it in her hands. “Now I know how the guys feel, having something extra in your pants tends to be awkward after a while.
Nikki Giovanni|If you're a writer, the answer to everything is yes.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|Dreaming is another form of thinking, more concrete, more economical, more visual, and often more emotional than the thoughts of the day, but a thinking through of the day, nevertheless.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are healthy, be happy.
Mac MacKenzie|If we feel unloved, it is difficult to truly love. If we feel rejected, it is difficult to truly accept. If we feel afraid, it is difficult to truly live. If we feel abandoned, it is difficult to truly belong. If we feel despair, it is difficult to truly hope. If we feel insignificant, it is difficult to truly care. It is difficult to draw water from an empty well. Without God, all of these things are difficult, if not nigh impossible. Thank God, that in Christ, all things are possible, for he is the hope for the beggary of our soul and the remedy for a broken, fragmented world.
Ursula K. Le Guin|In reading a novel, any novel, we have to know perfectly well that the whole thing is nonsense, and then, while reading, believe every word of it. Finally, when we're done with it, we may find - if it's a good novel - that we're a bit different from what we were before we read it, that we have changed a little... But it's very hard to say just what we learned, how we were changed.
Lysander Spooner|The trial by jury might safely be introduced into a despotic government, if the jury were to exercise no right of judging of the law, or the justice of the law.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|Road accidents, psycho killings, plane crashes abound - we don't know which day will be our last, so why not make today the happiest day and be thankful for all that we have?
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|...fairy tales, just a fancy word for lies...
Rafaa Khiari|Anything you can do, but the computer can do it better than you. That's not a skill!
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Find mebeneath your tongue,but not with other lipsnor by another tongueFind melet your yearning run wild as thirst seeks wateras silence seeks the soundFind meand I will be on my way...
Lisa Shearin, Armed & Magical|Mychael said the rock’s not affecting you, and from what I’m seeing I’m inclined to agree.”“I beg to differ.”“Feeling evil?” Justinius asked.“No.”“Having an urge to overthrow governments, kill thousands?”“No and no.”“Take over the world?”“Too much work.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Still, we always have some level of choice, even if it only how we react and make use of what life brings us.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In times of adversity and affliction, may you wait for the Lord to rescue and deliver you.
Gerhard Domagk|In 1973, I left the Rockefeller University to join the Yale University Medical School. The main reason for the move was my belief that the time had come for fruitful interactions between the new discipline of Cell Biology and the traditional fields of interest of medical schools, namely Pathology and Clinical Medicine.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You do not change anything, only need to make difference.
ZAKIYA AND MAJID|The best thing about a heartbreak, you start looking for happiness elsewhere. You realize like wild flowers, happiness can grow anywhere and everywhere. And, most importantly within you.Be wild, dear heart, happiness awaits you.
Steve Alten, The Loch|Be careful, you are not in Wonderland. I’ve heard the strange madness long growing in your soul. But you are fortunate in your ignorance, in your isolation. You who have suffered, find where love hides. Give, share, lose—lest we die, unbloomed .
Leland Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|Hitherto men have always formed wrong ideas about themselves, about what they are and what they ought to be. They have arranged their relations according to their ideas of God, of normal man, etc. The products of their brains have got out of their hands. They, the creators, have bowed down before their creations.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|I will be with her again, or I will die. There aren’t any other options
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Don't be blurred by impulse, to avoid regrets, refrain from doing things that will make you regret.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Often, vegan advocates assume that a person's defensiveness is the result of selfishness or apathy, when in fact it is much more likely the result of systematic and intensive social conditioning.
Baruch Spinoza, Complete Works|Most of those who have written about the Affects, and men’s way of living, seem to treat, not of natural things, which follow the common laws of nature, but of things that are outside nature. Indeed they seem to conceive man in nature as a dominion within a dominion. For they believe that man disturbs, rather than follows, the order of nature, that he has absolute power over his actions, and that he is determined only by himself.
Harlan Ellison, I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream|I live in a world where people are guided by limited imagination; only facts that are favorable to them are truths. They are unable to live anyway else. When a person finds out that a fact is against them, it's usually because it's the truth. No one tries to step outside of the edge of reason. No one tries to step beyond the edge of the world.
Mansi Soni|Whatever the questions that trouble you just get up and ask, don't let them suffocate you. Because questions not asked will stay questions unanswered.
Thomas S. Monson|A barn with cattle and horses is the place to begin Christmas; after all, that's where the original event happened, and that same smell was the first air that the Christ Child breathed.
Toby Keith|Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
Dianne Duvall, Blade of Darkness|Sit down,” she ordered, nodding toward her bed.He cast it an uncertain look. “I can’t. I’ll stain the covers.” She stared at him. “You’re kidding, right?” He sported deep wounds that bled profusely and he was concerned about staining her bedding? “Perhaps if I cleaned up a wee bit—” “Sit your ass down,” she ordered, pointing at the queen-sized bed. Eyebrows flying up, he sat so swiftly she almost laughed.
Dan Wells, Partials|Jayden laughed grimly. 'Press the attack and hope for the best.''Hope is not a strategy,' said Kira'It's not plan A,' said Jayden, 'and it shouldn't be plan B, but it is every plan C that has ever been made.
Evy Michaels|I am not a prisoner to be locked up in people's ideologies, I am not a criminal to be locked up in your mind, I am a free spirit and I make no apologies for it
Jan Ellison, A Small Indiscretion|Very..." She left the word hanging. Very unfinished, thought Isabel. The woman finished her sentence. "Very beautiful." Oh, really! thought Isabel. The verdict from others was much the same. Oh well, thought Isabel. Perhaps I'm not sufficiently used to the language he's using. Music is not an international language, she thought, no matter how frequently that claim is made; some words of the language may be the same, but not all, and one needs to know the rules to understand what is being said. Perhaps I just don't understand the conventions by which Nick Smart is communicating with his audience.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|They stared at each other. Every ocean, every river, every minute they had walked together was in their gaze. He said nothing and she said nothing. She kneeled by him, her hands on him, on his chest, on his heart, on his lungs that took air in but could not move air out, on his open wound; her eyes were on him, and in their eyes was every block of uncounted, unaccounted-for time, every moment they had lived since June 22, 1941, the day war started for the Soviet Union. Her eyes were filled with everything she felt for him. Her eyes were true.
Robert G. Ingersoll|The issue, perhaps, boils down to one of how perceptions or misperceptions of racial difference impact various individuals’, or groups of individuals’, experience of freedom in America. Some would argue that it goes beyond hampering their 'pursuit of happiness' to outright obliterating it.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Terrence Alonzo Craft, The Seed Bridge: Collected Poems|I’m back there again, broken from being a champion,The boy that no one loved,The years I spent training like a method actor toBecome the man that everyone admired,But it means nothing, Like ashes on a forehead, they marked me inferior,When I was still young enough to receive it into the grain of my being
Serena Winter, The Zodiac Turner: The Five Trials|She was a femme fatale with creative license, and she was sharpening her pen just for me.
Albert Einstein|Wherever my story takes me, however dark and difficult the theme, there is always some hope and redemption, not because readers like happy endings, but because I am an optimist at heart. I know the sun will rise in the morning, that there is a light at the end of every tunnel.
Thomas C. Oden, The Living God: Systemic Theology: Volume One|God's holiness is not an unloving holiness, and God's love is not an unholy love. It is only by keeping these two primary moral qualities of the divine being closely related that we may rightly behold the character of God. (p. 98)
Amanda M. Lyons, Eyes Like Blue Fire|A rich man, was one who spent a million.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no problem to relish pride when people praises you but at the same time, one must also be of the opinion that ‘this should not be so’.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|He knew most men only heard what they wanted to hear, and he had no desire to be like most men.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Master Chekhov says Man is what he believes. From here we conclude that when Man believes in a crap, Man becomes a crap!
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|I remembered standing in the middle of the street in front of The Crooked Bookshelf, filled with the certainty of a future. I had heard the wolves howling behind the house and remembered how glad I had been to be human.
Tsitsi Dangarembga, Nervous Conditions|All of us are seeking a home, and I don't mean where we were born, or where we now live and have things, but where we can do the big things, the right things. Where we belong, where we fit, where we're loved."--Tennessee Williams, "Follies of God: Tennessee Williams and the Women of the Fog
Tillie Cole, A Thousand Boy Kisses|I wish that people realized how this felt every day. Why does it take a life ending to learn how to cherish each day? Why must we wait until we run out of time to start to accomplish all that we dreamed, when once we had all the time in the world? Why don’t we look at the person we love the most like it’s the last time we will ever see them? Because if we did, life would be so vibrant. Life would be so truly and completely lived.
Jeff Greenfield, Then Everything Changed: Stunning Alternate Histories of American Politics: JFK, RFK, Carter, Ford, Reagan|In politics, Bugs Bunny always beats Daffy Duck. Daffy's always going berserk, jumping up and down, yelling. Bugs's got that sly smile, like he always knows what's up, like nothing can ruffle him.
Luna Marym|There and then, sitting beside her and within the strength of my adoration, I felt invincible.
Norah Vincent|There is a time in a boy’s life when the sweetness is pounded out of him; and tenderness, and the ability to show what he feels, is gone.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Taggle, meanwhile, made himself popular, killing rats and bringing a rabbit into camp every evening, preening in the praise - silently, thank god, though at night, he recounted choice bits to Kate: "Rye Baro says I am a princeling; he split the leg bone for me so that I could eat the marrow. They love me. And I'm sure they'll keep you, too."Mira, she thought, and treasured it each time she heard it, They must keep me. Family.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|No mother is ever, completely, a child's idea of what a mother should be, and I suppose it works the other way around as well.
Shelly Crane, Undeniably Chosen|His smile was small and immediate, crooked, like I’d put his whole world off its axis, but he was somehow okay with that.
Mensah Oteh|Every day you leave a legacy behind, so make it a good one by doing something of significance.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Certain aspects of dying are still a mystery to me now, but as I grow and study life more, the end of my life becomes more of a certain truth.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The woods are full of regional writers, and it is the great horror of every serious Southern writer that he will become one of them.
Raymond Tallis|Let us begin by giving all proper respect to what neuroscience can tell us about ourselves: it reveals some of the most important conditions that are necessary for behavior and awareness. What neuroscience does not do, however, is provide a satisfactory account of the conditions that are sufficient for behavior and awareness. ... The pervasive yet mistaken idea that neuroscience does fully account for awareness and behavior is neuroscientism, an exercise in science-based faith. ... This confusion between necessary and sufficient conditions lies behind the encroachment of “neuroscientistic” discourse on academic work in the humanities...
Adrienne Mayor|I think the key to the whole appeal of Amazons is the egalitarian society. There was once a time and place where equality was taken for granted - it was logical and necessary - and I think most people can get the message that if it happened once, it could happen again.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|The shaping of character mimics the smallest detail of habit; humans are creatures that learn from observation. Each little thing you do, and each thing you allow yourself to become desensitized to matters. They create you—whether you know it consciously or not.
Michael Delaware, The Art of Sales Management: Lessons Learned on the Fly|Give me a person who sincerely wants to commit themselves to being a salesperson, and put them on my team and I will give you a hero. That has always been my mindset as a sales manager, whenever I have been in that position. I believe in people, and I seek to encourage them to perform at their best.
Max Lucado, Lar: I Never Knew That Was in the Bible: Inspirational Thoughts for Each Day of the Year|To waste valuable time on stressing over those who treat you unkindly, accomplish nothing of importance. Rather, that time should be spent working on most important things, that actually create something of value that is worth your time.
Vincent McNabb|When you train seven days a week, you need good scenery to inspire you.
Daniel Mackler, Breaking from Your Parents: Setting a New Precedent for Your Life and Our Species|If you want to be a good parent please heal your own wounds, heal all of them and be confident that you’ve done so before you seriously consider having children. The unresolved child within you is the real child you need to embrace and heal and raise.
Christopher Buehlman, The Lesser Dead|He, being hacked and cut for three solid quarters of an hour by the vigorous hands that had taken charge of his education, was soon nothing but a single wound, from which blood spurted out on all sides.
D.S. Mashego|To remain far-sighted, you need to surround yourselfwith far-sighted visionaries. You need to surround yourself with people who think like you. You needto surround yourself with people who speak the same language as you. You need to surround yourself with people who fight and refuse to give up on theirdestiny. You need to surround yourself with people whose testimonies give you reasons to press on.
GRIS|I’ve succumbed to the absolute power of the man that pulls, culls, calls my unwitting submission. And I’ve embraced the power of my submission to draw him in further, to have him kneeling and worshiping what he’s conquered. I’ve known surrender and strength with him. True freedom. And a hell of a lot of orgasms.
Anne  Hill, The Baby and the Bathwater|One of the first things we learn from our teachers is discernment: the ability to tell truth from fiction, to know when we have lost our center and how to find it again. Discernment is also one of the last things we learn, when we feel our paths diverge and we must separate from our mentors in order to stay true to ourselves.
Mackie Burt, Above|And you have been forever, and will be forever, and all the worrisome smashings of your foot on innocent cupboard doors it was only the Void pretending to be a man pretending not to know the Void.
Neal Stephenson|Discovered Pages has released its first monthly magazine and it is being raved about!! We have author spotlights, great info for authors and readers, publishing info etc etc. Get your copy today on kindle for $1.99!!!!
Jonathan Heatt|If there's one thing every good novelist understands, it's that our inner world is unreliable and yet there's no getting beyond it. Every sense is subject to deception, including the moral sense. What seems at first like the hard surface of spiritual reality is really fathomless when you dive down into it. There is no bottom. We neve know anything for sure. (p. xvi)
Lauren DeStefano, Perfect Ruin|A strange thing, words. Once they're said, it's hard to imagine they're untrue.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|My past still haunts me when I sleep, although I saw that - much to my surprise- his does as well.
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|Helplessness and anger make for predictable behavior: Children are certain to shove each other and pull hair, teenagers will call each other names and cry, and grown women who are sisters will say words so cruel that each syllable will take on the form of a snake, although such a snake often circles in on itself to eat its own tail once the words are said aloud.
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Workweek|Getting fired, despite sometimes coming as a surprise and leaving you scrambling to recover, is often a godsend. Most people aren’t lucky enough to get fired and die a slow spiritual death over 30-40 years of tolerating the mediocre.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you reverend God, you shall respect all souls.
Lou Harper, Hanging Loose|I want to reach back into my history with a grade-school pink eraser, scrubbing away my decisions like mistakes on a math test. Too bad I drew my mistakes in ink.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Had I been in love, I could not have been more wretchedly blind. But vanity, not love, has been my folly.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|An Atheist is a person who questions every kind of authority, and this is the thing that is important. Because if we can, without blinking an eye, question the ultimate authority, god - who must be obeyed, then we can question the authority of the state, we can question the authority of a university structure, we can question the authority of our employer, we can question anything. So I think the primary thing that an Atheist is, is a person who looks at an authoritarian idea, or an authority structure, and says to that authority structure: from whence do you derive your authority and why should I be obedient to you? It appears to me that if I have human intelligence that this is enough for me to try to challenge whatever you're doing.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been and are being evolved.
Dominique Eastwick, Strawberry Kisses|You must be very secure in your masculinity to parade around in those budgie smugglers.”“Oh, I’m very secure.” He see-sawed the towel over his back. “And I’m happy to show you the rear view of my budgie smugglers—oh wait—you already saw it when you were checking out my ass.
Penelope Lively, How It All Began|She went out socially with him, but without enthusiasm, devoured already by that eternal inertia which comes to live with each of us one day and stays with us to the end.
Kevin McCloud|I feel there's a power in theatre, but it's an indirect power. It's like the relationship of the sleeper to the unconscious. You discover things you can't afford to countenance in waking life. You can forget them, remember them a day later or not have any idea what they are about.
Rabindranath Tagore|A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.
Toni Sorenson|My discontent has accumulated over the past months, searching for a leak in the dam I’ve constructed to separate my true feelings from the situation closing in around me.
Kai Meyer, Pirate Emperor|What exists beneath the sea?I’d always pictured it in colors of emerald and aquamarine, where black velvet fish with sequined eyes swim among plankton.But, when my eyes adjust, I see gray stones, lost anchors, wet wood, buttons, hooks, and eyes, the salem witches who wouldn’t float, stars and stripes, missing vessels, windup toys, the souls of Romeo and Juliet, peaches, cream, pistons, screams, cages of ribs and birds, tunnels, nutcracker soldiers, satin bows, drugstore signs, Pandora box ripped open at its hinges.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|She’s an absolute idiot!” she added with the wisdom invariably shown by people who, not being in love themselves, feel that a clever man should only be unhappy about a person who is worth his while; which is rather like being astonished that anyone should condescend to die of cholera at the bidding of so insignificant a creature as the comma bacillus.
Aaron Allston|Writing novels is the hardest thing I've ever done, including digging irrigation ditches.
Edward Clodd|. . . the mysteries, on belief in which theology would hang the destinies of mankind, are cunningly devised fables whose origin and growth are traceable to the age of Ignorance, the mother of credulity.
Jacob M. Appel, Phoning Home|problems call for ideas, the bigger the problem, the bigger the idea
Deepak Chopra, The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore|Once war becomes a clash of absolutes, there is no breathing room for mercy. Absolute truth is blind truth.
Dave Chappelle|The true aim of everyone who aspires to be a teacher should be, not to impart his own opinions, but to kindle minds.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|I think it's hard for you to fall in love because you like control, and you can't control what another person does or feels, so you keep all your cards.
Alin Sav|The Gospel is about what Jesus did, not what we have to do.
Leo Buscaglia|Live,love and learn
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I'd crossed a border—Speaking openly, exposing the weak girl I'd been, I was no longer her.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The very condition of having Friends is that we should want something else besides Friends. Where the truthful answer to the question "Do you see the same truth?" would be "I see nothing and I don't care about the truth; I only want a Friend," no Friendship can arise - though Affection of course may. There would be nothing for the Friendship to be about; and Friendship must be about something, even if it were only an enthusiasm for dominoes or white mice. Those who have nothing can share nothing; those who are going nowhere can have no fellow-travellers.
Irak. ibrahim Hussain Didi| Be who you are and say what you feel, but if you can't handle, then you sure as hell don't deserve, darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that 
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|Oh, China. How I have missed you.''And I have missed you, Eliza. But don't worry, next time my aim will be better.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|When I saw you on the stairs before, I’d forgotten how beautiful you are,’ he whispered against her skin.‘Spotty, not beautiful,’ she corrected gently, running her finger along his crooked nose. ‘Now you, you’re beautiful.’‘I even missed your inferiority complex.’ Max smiled and shifted against her.‘Not being inferior. It’s a point of fact. I’m covered in zits,’ Neve said and she didn’t know why she felt the need to share that with Max but then she was glad that she had because he was kissing each one of the angry red bumps along her forehead and chin and cheeks, even though a few of them were starting to suppurate. ‘Don’t do that, it’s completely unhygienic. Kiss my mouth instead.
Dave Navarro|I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.
Maria Elena|I wish to offer the world more than just beauty and plastic moments. I wish to offer the world depth, conversation, poetry and wisdom. I hope you do not deny me when I open these doors.
Emma Thompson|Even though worker capacity and motivation are destroyed when leaders choose power over productivity, it appears that bosses would rather be in control than have the organization work well.
Anthony Powell, A Question of Upbringing|For some reason, the sight of snow descending on fire always makes me think of the ancient world – legionaries in sheepskin warming themselves at a brazier: mountain altars where offerings glow between wintry pillars; centaurs with torches cantering beside a frozen sea – scattered, unco-ordinated shapes from a fabulous past, infinitely removed from life; and yet bringing with them memories of things real and imagined. These classical projections, and something in the physical attitudes of the men themselves as they turned from the fire, suddenly suggested Poussin’s scene in which the Seasons, hand in hand and facing outward, tread in rhythm to the notes of the lyre that the winged and naked greybeard plays. The image of Time brought thoughts of mortality: of human beings, facing outwards like the Seasons, moving hand in hand in intricate measure: stepping slowly, methodically, sometimes a trifle awkwardly, in evolutions that take recognisable shape: or breaking into seeminly meaningless gyrations, while partners disappear only to reappear again, once more giving pattern to the spectacle: unable to control the melody, unable, perhaps, to control the steps of the dance.
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|You had me believing that I was crazy. Every time I broke down over what seemed like nothing, it was you.’ Bade ran an anxious hand through his hair.‘Well, that’s love isn’t it?’ Davina took his restless hand. ‘Love is crazy and irrational, and anything less would be boring.
Elizabeth Lesser, Broken Open: How Difficult Times Can Help Us Grow|His grief at your leaving is also his fear of losing the power he has had for lifetimes. Those days are over for him, and he is in turmoil. But if you are to help him on his soul's quest, you will leave him. It is your job--your sacred contract--to free him, and to free yourself.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Water runs if you try to grasp it, but pours onto an open hand.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|To know a man properly, you must know the shape of his hurt - the specific wound around which his person has been formed like a scab.
Radhika Sanghani, Not That Easy|By the end of the date, your intentions should be clear.
Kimberly Black, A Fiction Writer's Character Workbook|In writing, a good guy must never break any of the Ten Commandments. A bad guy must break every one. That's why writing female characters is so much fun. They're not GUYS at all.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders create awareness in their followers about the great potentials they carry and how to release them for the benefit of all. Leaders are motivators,
Kabelo Mabona|But whatever it is, if it doesn't give you strength from rendering its service it's not your purpose.
Roshan Sharma|Computer are incredible coded, they fascinating me... as for sex... I don't need it, there is pornography so much that I won't finish watching... so far I won't...live so much on this planet to check out everything.
Adalbert de Vogüé, Aimer Le Jeune: L'Experience Monastique|When I walk in the forest just before the meal, while reciting the scriptural phrase that I "meditate" for that day, spiritual joy comes over me as if by appointment.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|At the end of the day, if I can say I had fun, it was a good day.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Gracious pride is a powerful motivator and an exceptional quality. It drives a person to strive for excellence, keep promises, not give up, be more resilient, maintain optimism, and hold their head high while enduring challenge and change.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The will of God, to which the law gives expression, is that men should defeat their enemies by loving them.
Marilyn Manson|Imagination has rules, but we can only guess what they are.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life: With Her Letters (1887 1901) and a Supplementary Account of Her Education Including Passages from the Reports and Letters of Her Teacher Anne Mansfield Sullivan by John Albert Macy|There are times when I long to sweep away half the things I am expected to learn; for the overtaxed mind cannot enjoy the treasure it has secured at the greatest cost. ... When one reads hurriedly and nervously, having in mind written tests and examinations, one's brain becomes encumbered with a lot of bric-a-brac for which there seems to be little use. At the present time my mind is so full of heterogeneous matter that I almost despair of ever being able to put it in order. Whenever I enter the region of my mind I feel like the proverbial bull in the china shop. A thousand odds and ends of knowledge come crashing about my head like hailstones, and when I try to escape them, theme goblins and college nixies of all sorts pursue me, until I wish – oh, may I be forgiven the wicked wish! – that I might smash the idols I came to worship.
Tamara L. Chilver|Many people ask what they should do in their quiet time. Find a time early in your day when there are no distractions, which includes children, television, radio, or anything else that may take your focus off what you are doing. Pray for concerns on your heart and thank God for your blessings. Read God's Word and look for meaning in the scriptures and how to apply them to your life. You and your children will be blessed when you seek the Lord daily.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Can't get myself down by thinking about what could have been, right?
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|In the world of technology,In the world of Internet , information,teachings knowledge are spreading so fast but sad no one want to apply or follow because everyone is busy to share.
Brian Bilston|We need to move past the idea that a critical evaluation of our country's past (and its present, for that matter) means we are anti-American or unpatriotic. We can be proud of our country and its many positive features and noble ideas while still pointing out where we as a nation have come up short or been plainly wrong.
Derek Murphy|Merrow have long memories. And remember, we live longer. So while most humans have forgotten the brutality and injustice that led to the merrow wars, the older merrow are still angry. They hate all humans. And now that the royal family is missing… some merrow think it’s time to stop hiding. They argue that the humans are destroying the world, and that it’s our duty to wipe them out.”“Wait—what?” He’d said the last statement so casually, I almost didn’t grasp its significance. “There are merrow who want to destroy the human race?” I pictured a hundred thousand Sebastians, capable of punching through picnic tables and moving faster than we could even see them. It would be a slaughter. A mermaid apocalypse. I almost laughed at the thought, but the impulse died in my throat. I felt sick. I couldn’t believe I’d wanted to kiss him just a few moments ago.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|She often spoke to falling seeds and said, "Ah hope you fall on soft ground," because she had heard seeds saying that to each other as they passed. The familiar people and things had failed her so she hung over the gate and looked up the road towards way off. She knew now that marriage did not make love. Janie's first dream was dead, so she became a woman.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I hate you, God. I hate you as though you actually exist.
Rudolf Flesch, How to Make Sense|What are we after when we open one of those books? What is it that makes a classic a classic? ... in old-fashioned terms, the answer is that it wll elevate your spirit. And that's why I can't take much stock in the idea of going through a list of books or 'covering' a fixed number of selections, or anyway striving for the blessed state of having read this, or the other. Having read a book means nothing. Reading a book may be the most tremendous experience of your life; having read it is an item in your memory, part of your receding past... Why we have that odd faith in the magic of having read a book, I don't know. We don't apply the same principle elsewhere: We don't believe in having heard Mendelssohn's violin concerto...I say, don't read the classics -- try to discover your own classics; every life has its own.
Katharine Hepburn|As all mothers know, children travel faster than kisses. The speed of kisses is, in fact, what Doctor Fallow would call a cosmic constant. The speed of children has no limits.
J.L. Bond|There is only one way to overcome the difficulty of writing, and that is to write. Thought only becomes effective and productive at the time of writing.
- Anonymous teacher|Teaching is a sacred art. This is why the noblest druid is not the one who conjures fires and smoke but the one who brings the news and passes on the histories. The teacher, the bard, the singer of tales is a freer of men's minds and bodies, especially when he roams without allegiance to one chieftain or another. But he is also a danger to the masters if he insists upon telling the truth. The truth will inevitably cause tremors in those who cling to power without honoring justice.
Elisabeth Eaves, Wanderlust: A Love Affair with Five Continents|Travel is life-changing. That's the promise made by a thousand websites and magazines, by philosophers and writers down the ages. Mark Twain said it was fatal to prejudice, and Thomas Jefferson said it made you wise. Anais Nin observed that "we travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls." It's all true. Self-transformation is what I sought and what I found.
Dianne Harman Coyote in Provence|Tastes like something that rhymes with cat." -Apollon
Walter Matthau|Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Calvin Coolidge|Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Initiative is The Start of All Good Things. Your ship will never come in if you don’t send any out. Have you ever found yourself dreaming, hoping, and waiting passively for things to change or for your life to get better?
Jim Thompson, The Getaway|Literary history and the present are dark with silences . . . I have had special need to learn all I could of this over the years, myself so nearly remaining mute and having to let writing die over and over again in me. These are not natural silences--what Keats called agonie ennuyeuse (the tedious agony)--that necessary time for renewal, lying fallow, gestation, in the natural cycle of creation. The silences I speak of here are unnatural: the unnatural thwarting of what struggles to come into being, but cannot.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|At weddings old people poke me and say, "you're next," so I started doing the same thing to them at funerals.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|I’m putting a temporary hold on the ‘stay away from me’ thing,’” she said. “just for a minute while I yell at you, and then we’re definitely going right back to it.
Ben Harper|At one point, I even thought, 'Oh, I'll take diet pills.' I tried it for one day, and I thought my heart was going to explode. It's awful, and I would never, ever recommend it.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|To my utter despair I have discovered, and discover every day anew, that there is in the masses no revolutionary idea or hope or passion.
Melyssa Winchester, Take Me with You|I fell for her in summer, my lovely summer girlFrom summer she is made my lovely summer girlI'd love to spend a winter with my lovely summer girlBut I'm never warm enough for my lovely summer girlIt's summer when she smiles, I'm laughing like a childIt's the summer of our lives; we'll contain it for a whileShe holds the heat, the breeze of summer in the circle of her handI'd be happy with this summer if it's all we ever had.
Stephen M. Irwin, The Dead Path|Hannah expected this to make her sob even more, but instead she found her tears drying up and her tummy growing warm. How dare they? How dare they do this to little girls? She understood now why her parents go so angry when they saw the result of bombers in the white hot streets of the Middle East, why men and women wailed in anger as well as grief as they lifted the limp bodies of children from the rubble. How dare they? No, she wasn't going to die like this, wrapped up like some helpless baby.
Penelope Douglas, Rival|Fallon affected my body in weird ways. But only because she’s different, I told myself.
Andrew Roberts, Napoleon: A Life|To excel in life, one must become conscious that the way lived is not the only way of living.
Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society|School has become the world religion of a modernized proletariat, and makes futile promises of salvation to the poor of the technological age.
Jessica Raine|For me music is a vehicle to bring our pain to the surface, getting it back to that humble and tender spot where, with luck, it can lose its anger and become compassion again.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|He's cheap and cheesy, coz he loves you. If you want to know how 'expensive' he has been, just check his inbox, see how may gals he disappointed for you.
Alice Hoffman, Incantation|My mother was teaching me that the inside of something was not necessarily its outside. Always look carefully, she told me. Look with more than your eyes.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|I realized in 1988 that my life as a spy specializing in secrets was not only unproductive, it was in sharp opposition to what we actually need: full access to true information, and consequently, the ability to create Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT).
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|Don`t you worry Roald Dahl, The 6-year old me loved you but the 16-year old me worships you.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|This idea (Taqwa)can be effectively conveyed by the term "conscience," if the object of conscience transcends it. This is why it is proper to say that "conscience" is truly as central to Islam as love is to Christianity when one speaks of the human response to the ultimate reality—which, therefore, is conceived in Islam as merciful justice rather than fatherhood. Taqwā, then, in the context of our argument, means to be squarely anchored within the moral tensions, the "limits of God," and not to "transgress" or violate the balance of those tensions or limits. Human conduct then becomes endowed with that quality which renders it "service to God [‘ibāda].
Santosh Kalwar|Earth is sad, Moon is shy, Sun is happy but wait a moment, I just forgot to tell you that I am the child of open sky.
Brian Spellman, Cartoonist's Book Camp|I think if a woman describes herself as a brilliant cook, she’s a bit full of herself.
Nancy Wake|I've got one thing to say: I killed a lot of germans, and I'm only sorry I didn't kill more.
Mike Carey, The Naming of the Beasts|Those heart-hammering nightmares that start to lose coherence even as you're waking up from them, but that still manage to leave their moldering fingerprints all across your day.
Vicente Blasco Ibáñez, Luna Benamor|He would roam about the world carrying his recollections with him, and perhaps some day he would come to forget them, for one can live only by forgetting; but when his grief should dissolve with the years he would be left an empty man, like a smiling automaton, incapable of any affections other than meterial ones.
Tim Tebow|I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. And I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Gnats drifted on the same warm summer breeze that saw colorful paper lanterns swaying on their strings. Lily of the valley filled jam jars at each table, but sweet peas had won out in the battle to fragrance the evening air.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All times are connected; past, present and future.
Jim Lewis|well I believe in commitment it's just I, you know, I don't stick to it.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|... a door shuts in my face, but my face is already looking at another door, wondering when that one will close too and how many good things I would have gotten out of it when it does.
Martha Gellhorn, Travels With Myself and Another|I took only one suitcase, and a cosmetics case for medicines but I was worried about books. Solitude is all right with books, awful without.
Jim Parsons|Breathe in deeply to bring your mind home to your body. Then look at, or think of, the person triggering this emotion: With mindfulness, you can see that she is unhappy, that she is suffering. You can see her wrong perceptions. You can see that she is not beautiful when she says things that are unkind.
Ramon Ravenswood, Twilight Zone Encounters|Every second, every minute, every hourour bodies breathe in the manna of Heaven.Our bodies resonate with the love and powerof creative cosmic rhythmsdancing through every cell in our beautiful beingness.Heaven is the heart of our atomic structure.Only with realisation of God manna within can the external cosmic energy fuse and ignite eternal bliss.Manna from Heaven.
Rashid Jorvee|A calm person knows their business, their words are few, but they tell and looks like it is well planned.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|It's okay to love something a little too much,as long as it's real to you.
Deborah Blake, Veiled Menace|For years she’d been the Central Gates Precinct’s Witness Retrieval Specialist – more commonly referred to as a “Ghost Yanker” by her non-magical colleagues on the force. Being stuck in the basement talking to dead victims would depress the hell out of anyone, if they did it for long enough.	Then, six months ago, everything changed.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Long before all these divisions were opened between home and the road, betweens a woman's place and a man's world, humans followed the crops, the seasons, traveling with their families, our companions, animals, our tents. We built campfires and moved from place to place. This way of traveling is still in our cellular memory. Living things have evolved as travelers, Even migrating birds know that nature doesn't demand a choice between nesting and flight.
Honore de Balzac|The main functions of intelligence, that of inventing solutions and that of verifying them, do not necessarily involve one another. The first partakes of imagination; the second alone is properly logical.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|The color of the emitted light depends on the relative heights of the starting and ending energy levels. A crash between closely spaced levels (such as two and one) releases a pulse of low-energy reddish light, while a crash between more widely spaced levels (say, five and two) releases high-energy purple light.
Mario Andretti|Desire is the key to motivation, but it’s determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Start with very small experiments. When anger arises, stop! What is the hurry? When you feel hatred, wait! There should be some interval. Reply only when you are fully conscious – not until that. You will find that all that is sinful in life has fallen away from you; all that is wrong is banished forever. You will suddenly discover, there is no need to respond to anger. Perhaps you might feel like thanking the man who insults you. Because he has obliged you. He gave you an opportunity to awaken.Kabir has said stay near the one who is critical of you. Look after him and serve him who is abusing you because it is he who gives you the opportunity to awaken.All the occasions that drown you in unconsciousness can be turned into stepping stones to awareness if you wish so. Life is like a huge boulder lying in the middle of the road. Those who are foolish, see the stone as a barrier and turn back. For them the road is closed. Those who are clever, climb the stone and use it as a step. And the moment they make it a stepping stone greater heights are available to them.A seeker should keep in mind only one factor, and that is: to utilize each moment to awaken awareness. Then be it hunger or anger or lust or greed, every state can be utilized towards awareness.
Luz Long|When you can inspire others to dream, learn, evolve, and become one that they can appreciate and respect themselves; then you have arrived as a leader.
Mark LaMoure|Everything big, once started little. Discipline yourself and work to become an excellent person at what you want. Stretch yourself daily and go a little further than yesterday. Growth is the key to winning success.
Alfred North Whitehead|If you want to lose 40 pounds, you order salad instead of fries. If you want to be a better friend, you take the phone call instead of screening it. If you want to write a novel, you sit down and write a single paragraph. It's scary to make major changes, but we usually have enough courage to take the next right step.
Laney Smith, Lock Creek: One Year's Time|And besides, we lovers fear everything
Tracy Morgan|Dad entered the Second World War like any other man, trying to do the right thing.
Latika Teotia|God’s mercy knows no bounds; His amazing miracles can heal even the most serious illness and make you come out of any difficult situation without a scratch. He can help you deal with all your relationship issues and remove all financial problems with one stroke. He can bless you with a purposeful life. Pray, trust and walk in faith always and in all the ways.
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|And that's why I don't get to cry, I guess. Because they do. Because we're older but we're not the grown-ups who seem too far away to understand. I tuck that thought inside me, warm and small like balled hands inside hoodie pockets. Beneath the beech trees and sugar maples, feet crunching against dead leaves, I hope for strength. Because as much as I want to be the one crying, I want to be the kind of person someone can hold onto.
Muhammad Ahkam A|The higher knowledge, the higher responsibility
Lauren Willig, The Secret History of the Pink Carnation|Tell them I have the headache--no, the plague! I need something nice and contagious.
Santosh Kalwar|Everybody will get their wants, when they heartily want.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|For a moment, Blake said nothing. After chewing on her venom for a moment, he shrugged. “I would rather you hate me for who I am than love me for who I’m not.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|Things is very primitive in the jungle - no place to shit, sleep on the ground like an animal, eat out of cans, no place to take a bath or nothing, clothes is all rotting off.
Kinley MacGregor|A vine from one tree shot out, tripping Blaise. He and Merewyn rolled to the ground. Varian stood between them and the trees, which shot blast after blast at him. He deflected them, but even so the heat from the fire was scorching. 'Go, Blaise,' he said. 'Get Merewyn out of here.'Blaise nodded before he crawled to Merewyn under the barrage.'Hold!'The blast stopped as the three of them froze into place.Again the woman appeared in the fire to stare at them maliciously. 'What is it you do?''I'm crawling,' Blaise answered.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Growing up, I used to climb out my window onto the roof and look up at the stars. There, in the quiet, I would write stories inside my head.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|It’s not just about recognizing how ‘precious’ every moment is, or about ‘living for today.’ It’s about finding the sacred center of now, and living there, moment to moment, always.
Jalaluddin Rumi, مثنوی معنوی|Pain is a treasure, for it contains mercies.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|If you can’t believe in miracles, then believe in yourself. When you want something bad enough, let that drive push you to make it happen. Sometimes you’ll run into brick walls that are put there to test you. Find a way around them and stay focused on your dream. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|I thought I told you I don’t play by the rules,” I argue.“Ye’re mistaken,” he says. “Ye just walked into my world unbidden. So you will play by the rules, butterfly. You’ll be playing by all my rules.
Christopher Moore, The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove|Everyone thinks that it was the big strong caveman who got the girl, and for the most part, that may have been true, but physical strength doesn't explain how our species created civilization. I think there was always some scrawny dreamer sitting at the edge of the firelight, who had the ability to imagine dangers, to look into the future in his imagination and see possibilities, and therefore survived to pass his genes on to the next generation. When the big ape men ended up running off the cliff or getting killed while trying to beat a mastodon into submission with a stick, the dreamer was standing back thinking 'Hey, that might work, but you need to run the mastodon off the cliff.' And, then he'd mate with the women left over after the go-getters got killed.
Barack Obama|Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.
Nikki Rowe|Cole didn’t see her for the rest of the weekend, and he was glad.She wasn’t in class on Monday either. That made it easier.Tuesday she was still missing.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Virtue is simply happiness, and happiness is a by-product of function. You are happy when you are functioning.
Susan Dennard, Strange and Ever After|Sometimes if you don't get lost,there is a chance,you may never arrive!
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|It reveals that people are confusing."Rovender corrected her. "Not Confusing. Complex.
Alex Shoumatoff|NAFTA recognizes the reality of today's economy - globalization and technology. Our future is not in competing at the low-level wage job; it is in creating high-wage, new technology jobs based on our skills and our productivity.
Abraham Lincoln, Lincoln on Democracy|Democracy will be a reality when people will be rightly heard and valued. When in all policy making, in all big or small works, when state and government institutions will be accountable to people by keeping people in focus all the time who represented their power and empowered them. Democracy will be a reality when people will be valued more than flags, constitution, nationalism, patriotism and other symbolism.
Audre Lorde|The trouble with being angry is that it not only makes you feel stupid, it encourages you to say stupid things as well. Stupid things that are hard to take back and impossible to erase.
Jonathan Edwards|There are times pop music is the end result when I'm in the studio, but I don't really go in and say, 'Today I am going to make a pop song,' but it can happen.
Kaede Lazares|I'd rather someone be honest and tell me something that I didn't want to hear, rather than dishonest and tell me something I want to hear.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|flagrant, adj. I would be standing right there, and you would walk out of the bathroom without putting the cap back on the toothpaste.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Be sure that Satan will tempt you at your weak point, not the strong.
Jaime Camil|More generally, I made an effort to leave out things that weren't relevant to the main narrative themes of the book, namely that there were two sides to Steve Jobs: the romantic, poetic, countercultural rebel on one side, and the serious businessperson on the other.
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|If we want to use a physical analogy, a more accurate one would show that many of our beliefs are like boulders pushed off from the top of a mountain. The boulder tips, and the thousands of contours of the mountainside, along with any trees (or lack thereof), its hardness, etc., react to the shape, size, and contours of the boulder itself. Rainfalls alter how much cushion the earth gives when the boulder slams into it and how much trees and shrubs will bend before breaking. All of these variables mix and, based on its bounces and rotations, the boulder lands in a very specific spot at the bottom. In many ways, this is how we form many of our beliefs—by countless, unique mental influences pushing us this way and that.
Georgette Heyer, The Toll-Gate|What emerged from the portal was not the feared armada. Instead, it was a single ship. A familiar ship. I felt a quickening in my atoms.Clever, dangerous girl. I have been expecting you.
Charles Stross|The rules of physics are, in some cases, suspiciously anthropic.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Do not think, Oh, that I were delivered from all these afflictions and troubles here in this world! If you were, then you would have more ease yourself, but this is a way of honoring God, and manifesting the excellence of grace here, when you are in this conflict of temptation, which God shall not have from you in Heaven.
Lindy Zart|Remy shot to her feet, eyes blazing. Her hands were fisted at her sides. “Don’t be stupid, Creed.”“What did you say?” I asked slowly.“Don’t. Be. Stupid.”I opened my mouth, closed it. “Why do you even care?” I finally asked.Remy’s eyes shifted away from mine. She was hiding something. “You’re giving up.”“No.” I shook my head. “Giving up would be giving in to the darkness completely. I haven’t quite taken that step yet.”“What’s stopping you?”“What?”“If you don’t care and you want it to be over, what’s stopping you from letting the evil inside of you destroy you?”You.“You need to leave,” I told her.“I can’t.”A low rumble sounded deep in my chest.“Are you growling at me?”“Are you scared?”“No.”“You should be,” I stated, moving for her.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|It doesn't matter what has happened to you, it matters what you do with what has happened to you. Life is like a poker game. You don't get to choose the cards you are dealt, but it's entirely up to you how to play the hand.
Joseph Hansen, Skinflick|Love. Passion. Belief. Duty. The lines blur sometomes. There are ove fifteen recognised mjor religions on this planet. One religion believes something different from another, and yet so often it's just the same thing with a different name, or a different form of worship, or a different headdress. But they will fight to protect what they believe in, no matter the cost. You've been here a while Jack. How many wars, how many lives squandered on religion. Then we get to science. Science versus creationism for instance. Two opposing stances on the same subject, neither of which has evidence to back it up
Erin Hunter, Mistystar's Omen|What does it say?" asked my lord."It says, `Good-night, God keep you all the night!'--just what she used to say when we were together. Every night she used to say that to me, and every morning she said, `God bless you all the day!' So you see I am quite safe all the time----
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we do our best to treat others with kindness, it’s often a struggle to determine which actions best express our love and care for ourselves.
Deyth Banger|If you close your door to the world of books, the gates of the world of ignorance automatically opens and quickly pulls you inside!
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Scale yourself. Go beyond what you can do and what you know. Look at your content machine and make it work nonstop, seamlessly, and at scale with or without you.
Israelmore Ayivor|Ok, I see. When they say Charles Wovenu is passing by, everyone wants to see Charles Wovenu. But when they say to a child that "Bibi" is passing by, every child is hiding for "Bibi". What makes the difference is the impacts.
Jo Nesbo|I think it would collapse my heart if I was super famous. I don't have the nerve for it, I'm too anxious. I don't know how you're not obsessed with how people perceive you, because they're real people, you know? You can convince yourself that they don't really know you, and that's true, but how can it not hurt your feelings?
Katie J. Davis|I would like to say that I had all kinds of great ideas about what I wanted to do and how I wanted to do it. I would like to say my ministry was born out of a carefully thought-out plan. These things simply aren't true, though. I was walking through life one moment at a time, blown away by what God could do through me if I simply said yes.
Bill Cosby|Sometimes there is a microcosm and a macrocosm, and if you're dyslexic like me you can't tell the difference.
Guillaume Musso, Seras-tu là?|But the aspect of secrets is they leak out. If they didn't leak, they wouldn't be interesting.
Abraham Verghese|Above all, cancer is a spiritual practice that teaches me about faith and resilience.
ANIKOR Daniel|Be a solution provider to challenges or issues; the more you proffer solution, the more your circle of influence grows and the more your circle of influence grows, the more wealth you will command.
Victoria Moran|So many people say that obviously my game has changed since I arrived here and I say that it's good that it changed, otherwise it would show a lack of intelligence.
Erwin W. Lutzer, When You've Been Wronged: Moving From Bitterness to Forgiveness|Keep in mind that when sin is viewed superficially, it is dealt with superficially.
Jack Ma|As long as I have health and strength, I will gladly work all my days.
Alan Greenspan|It may sound too good to be true, but once you've seen the happiest people in your life who have nothing, you really start rethinking what the world, and society, tells us that we need to be happy.
Timothy Joshua|Hold on, and dont put us on hold
Tammy Duckworth|I don't know Hollywood very well. I've never lived in Los Angeles or New York. But what I can see in Paris, where I live, is that actresses like Catherine Deneuve, Isabelle Huppert, Charlotte Rampling, still get the chance to play strong, sexy roles even though they're not 20.
Sinclair Ross, As for Me and My House|It’s an immense night out there, wheeling and windy. The lights on the street and in the houses against the black wetness, little unilluminating glints that might be painted on it. The town seems huddled together, cowering on a high tiny perch, afraid to move lest it topple into the wind.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|But in battle you cannot tell another when it is his time to enter the World-to-Come, nor is it possible to keep any man in this world when he wishes to leave it behind.
Bertrand Russell|The life of Man is a long march through the night, surrounded by invisible foes, tortured by weariness and pain, towards a goal that few can hope to reach, and where none may tarry long. One by one, as they march, our comrades vanish form our sight, seized by the silent orders of omnipotent Death. Very brief is the time in which we can help them, in which their happiness or misery is decided. Be it ours to shed sunshine on their path, to lighten their sorrows by the balm of sympathy, to give them the pure joy of a never-tiring affection, to strengthen failing courage, to instill faith in times of despair.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|I will always continue to love the way how the fire inside you burnt everyone around it, But took me in its arms and kept me warm.
David Arnold, Mosquitoland|People say home is where the heart is, but I think maybe home is the heart
John Green|He shook his head, just looking at me. - "What?" I asked.- "Nothing" he said.- "Why are you looking at me like that?"Augustus half smiled. "Because you`re beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence." A brief awkward silence ensued. Augustus plowed through: "I mean, particularly given that, as you so deliciously pointed out, all of this will end in oblivion and everything."I kind of scoffed or sighed or exhaled in a way that was vaguely coughy and then said, "I`m not beau-"- "You are like a millennial Natalie Portman. Like V for Vendetta Natalie Portman."- "Never seen it."- "Really?" he asked. "Pixie-haired gorgeous girl dislikes authority and can`t help but fall for a boy she knows is trouble. It`s your autobiography, so far as I can tell."His every syllable flirted. Honestly, he kind of turned me on. I didn`t even know that guys could turn me on - not, like, in real life.
Kaiylah Muhammad, Out of the Cage|True change doesn't happen overnight; it has to happen gradually. You first have to have a change of heart, then a change of mind, and then your actions will follow.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|One of the unexpected and wonderfully fair things I have learned in my career is that if Hollywood were filled just with perfect-looking people, then soap operas would be the most-watched things in the world. But they're not. Looks are great, but they're not compelling enough. I've noticed that successful actors with long careers are usually talented actors with charismatic screen presences, and all of them exude one thing: confidence.
Ruth Ware, The Woman in Cabin 10|Was this what it was going to be like? Was I turning into someone who had panic attacks about walking home from the tube or staying the night alone in the house without their boyfriend? No, fuck that. I would not be that person.
Stewart Stafford|Every creative act, however small, enriches our species and the world around us. To find and nurture talent, is to be truly wealthy.
David Amerland, The Tribe That Discovered Trust: How Trust Is Created Lost and Regained in Commercial Interactions|Familiarity with the brand requires some experience of it (via advertising, word of mouth, internet publicity), Confidence comes with the perception of competence in the brand itself (which is why new brands really need to work hard for people to experience them first) and Trustworthiness refers to the sense of whether the brand is going to live up to its promise of reliability for the price paid.
Tamara Hughes, His Pirate Seductress|Be thankful all she did was raise her voice," Mr. Blackpool told Sarah conspiratorially. "During the ride to London, I had to talk her out of scaling up the townhouse walls, should the door go unanswered."	She had to hide her smile at the image of flamboyant Mrs. Blackpool climbing row houses like a circus monkey. "We are fortunate indeed that such measures did not prove necessary.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Also, screw you—maybe you can be all stealthy and break into their building to get the woman out, but I can getus there and back safely. I did this for months and never got a second glance from anyone, including PSFs.”“Probably because your ugly-ass face blinded them on the first look,” she muttered.
Mikita Brottman|Should he give free reign to his desires, the bibliomaniac can ruin his life along with the lives of his loved ones. He'll often take better care of his books than of his own health; he'll spend more on fiction than he does on food; he'll be more interested in his library than in his relationships, and, since few people are prepared to live in a place where every available surface is covered with piles of books, he'll often find himself alone, perhaps in the company of a neglected and malnourished cat. When he dies, all but forgotten, his body might fester for days before a curious neighbor grows concerned about the smell.
Karen Essex, Stealing Athena|Men could not have too much. Ecstasy and vulnerability belonged in the same dish. The fear the cup would be snatched away was what gave the wine its savor and as Zhirem’s cup was sure, so was his joylessness… to die is a fear, but to live is a fear, also.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|You're in America now," I said. "Our idea of diplomacy is showing up with a gun in one hand and a sandwich in the other and asking which you'd prefer.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more. All the wealthy, unhappy people you're ever met take sleeping pills; Mobile Infantrymen don't need them. Give a cap trooper a bunk and time to sack out in it and he's as happy as a worm in an apple - asleep.
C.B. Cook, Paralyzed Dreams|Any boy who'd love a sailboat-patterned, swimsuited sausage who tames rabid foxes would be wonderful. And impossible.
Robert Burton|I think you can be depressed and flourish, I think you can have cancer and flourish, I think you can be divorced and flourish. When we believed that happiness was only smiling and good mood, that wasn't very good for people like me, people in the lower half of positive affectivity.
Beta Metani' Marashi|Live and enjoy your life today, might not be tomorrow
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Without dreams, the future will remain mediocre. Stay inspired though your dreams.
Janell Rhiannon, Rise of Princes|The gods grant nothing more than life,So let us reject whatever lifts us To unbreathable heights, Eternal but flowerless.
Philip A. Fisher|Every nation can harness the energy of its citizens, either towards constructive work to generate optimism and hope, or towards tensions, unrest and war.
Adrienne Mayor|The nomads' egalitarian lifestyle astonished the Greeks, who kept their own women indoors weaving and minding children. The exotic Scythian lifestyle fueled the Greek imagination and led to an outpouring of myths about fierce Amazons, 'the equals of men.'
Francis of Assisi|You can never let anything distract you from your main objective. My only goal is to be great. That's all I want. That's all I ever aspire to be. Greatness is something nobody can ever take away from you, no matter what happens. So I put all my energy and focus into my craft.
Radhe Maa|The closer we are to God, the richer we are
Jackson Pearce|Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.
Jonathan Carroll, The Marriage of Sticks|One of the reasons why I liked living in Manhattan was that the city would share your mood the moment you walked out the door. If you were in a hurry, everything else was too, even the pigeons. You shared the same speed and sense of urgency to get wherever you were going.When you had time to kill, it was happy to give you things to look at and do that easily took up whole days. I didn't agree with people who said Manhattan was a cold, indifferent town. Sure it was gruff, but it was also playful and sometimes very funny.
Neal A. Maxwell|Be careful, fathers, when you inordinately desire things to be better for your children than they were for you. Do not, however unintentionally, make things worse by removing the requirement for reasonable work as part of their experience, thereby insulating your children from the very things that helped make you what you are.
Jonathan Kozol|I do not know very much about painting, but I know enough to know that the Art Teacher did not know much about it either and that, furthermore, she did not know or care anything at all about the way in which you can destroy a human being. Stephen, in many ways already dying, died a second and third and fourth and final death before her anger.
Pierre Louÿs, The Songs of Bilitis|I am but a firefly caught in his jar and when he looks at me, I can’t help but glow.
Victoria Kahler, Luisa Across the Bay|Politics is applied anywhere, even in heaven.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|You love the lifestyle you live, and instead of licking your wounds and moving on, you’d rather fix your broken marriage. And I’m here to help you.” “But how?” A slow, sardonic smile unfurls across my face. “I’m going to teach you how to fuck your husband
Anna  Silver, Otherborn|A lady never shows her anger, she channels it to further her ends.
Alan Loy McGinnis, Balanced Life|Douglas, you have an incredible capacity for missing the point. Will you listen to me, just for once? The debate does not matter. It's not about the issues. Albie might have been naive or ridiculous or pompous or all of those things, but you apologized. You said you were embarassed by him. You took the side of a bunch of arms-dealers! Bloddy bastard arms-dealers against your son - our son - and that was wrong, it was the wrong thing to do, because in a fight you side with the people you love. That's just how it is.
Barun Singhania|I will follow my visions and dreams, no matter what...
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Grace represents the sublime glamour of human souls, the ability of physically courageous and emotionally brave people to give part of them in order to protect other people regardless of adverse consequence that they might personally endure.
Amy Efaw, After|Devon had been so lonely, so terribly lonely, for so long. The kind of lonely that sears, that burrows its way deep inside a heart and throbs. Like a gnawing hunger.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|...peel an orange. Do it lovingly--it perfect quarters like little boats...Nothing is more likely to become garbage than orange rind; but for as long as anyone looks at it in delight, it stands a million triumphant miles from the trash heap. That, you know, is why the world exists at all. it remains outside the cosmic garbage can of nothingness, not because it is such a solemn necessity that nobody can get rid of it, but because it is the orange peel hung on God's chandelier, the wishbone in His kitchen closet. He likes it; therefore, it stays. The whole marvelous collection of stones, skins, feathers, and string exists because at least one lover has never quite taken His eye off it, because the Dominus vivificans has His delight with the sons of men.
Tite Kubo|Wizards don’t believe in gods. They didn’t deny their existence, of course. They just didn’t believe. It was nothing personal; they weren’t actually rude about it. Gods were a visible part of narrativium that made things work, that gave the world its purpose. It was just that they were best avoided close up.
Anonymous|the human body is a miniature version of the universe - the eyes and ears are the sun and moon, breath is air, blood is rain.
Ambrose Bierce, Ghost Stories|His act was rather that of a harmless lunatic than an enemy. We were not so new to the country as not to know that the solitary life of many a plainsman had a tendency to develop eccentricities of conduct and character not always easily distinguishable from mental aberration. A man is like a tree: in a forest of his fellows he will grow as straight as his generic and individual nature permits; alone, in the open, he yields to the deforming stresses and tortions that environ him.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|This winter, there will be no voices, no glimpses, no arms.only the fabric of poetry, to keep me warm.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Give me meaning, give me soul. Give my rapture, wild, a heart that is raw. Give me a mind that thinks for itself and imagines freely.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|I'd still thought that everything I thought about that night-the shame, the fear-would fade in time. But that hadn't happened. Instead, the things that I remembered, these little details, seemed to grow stronger, to the point where I could feel their weight in my chest. Nothing, however stuck with me more than the memory of stepping into that dark room and what I found there, and how the light then took that nightmare and made it real.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Cabel felt the familiar nostalgic excitement of the endless possibilities encapsulated in a summers' night at Silver Beach. He smiled at himself as a boy and, more ruefully, at the man who now stood on the worn planks of the boardwalk. This night held no possibilities for him, though it was pleasant to remember a time when it did.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer|Eventually, I manage to cheer Mum up by allowing her to go through my wardrobe and criticize all my clothes...
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|He did not want to fail, when the Bee Master had trusted him with the home and the possessions and the occupation that were all he had of his very own, and he did not know that as the storm drew nearer, as the clouds grew blacker, as the heat waves resolved themselves into definite flashes of lightning, as the night closed down black as velvet around him, he did not realize that his moral and mental forces were rising with the tide of the storm, that all the remnants of manhood left in his shaken body were gathering together for some sort of culmination, just as presently the storm would reach its height and then subside.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Healing After Loss: Soulfully Inspiring You Whilst Mourning Loss and Working Through Grief|Many have argued with me that ambition is not the problem. Women are not less ambitious than men, they insist, but more enlightened with different and more meaningful goals. I do not dismiss or dispute this argument. There is far more to life than climbing a career ladder, including raising children, seeking personal fulfillment, contributing to society, and improving the lives of others. And there are many people who are deeply committed to their jobs but do not - and should not have to - aspire to run their organizations. Leadership roles are not the only way to have profound impact.
Richelle E. Goodrich|A truly humble apology works to part storm clouds, calm rough seas, and bring on the soft lights of dawn; it has the power to change a person's world.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|I had been able to break the curse myself. I'd had to have reason enough, love enough to do it, to find the will and the strength.
Alex Dimitrov|I’m interested in connecting with readers and strangers through poetry. I want to create real intimacy with my poems. Whether I do that through pulling from my personal life or using my fantasy life—or say history, whether that history is personal history or our collective histories—what’s important is that an experience is created. An experience that will hopefully matter to people and feel real. I want my poems to move people and make them want to live their lives, however complicated and impossible those lives may be. I think a poem can speak to the life you currently live but also to the lives you’ve lived before, the ones to come and also those you’ve yet to imagine. What else can do that? Not sex or money or other people.
D.H. Starr, Wrestling with Desire|All mankind is from Adam and Eve, an Arab has no superiority over a non-Arab nor a non-Arab has any superiority over an Arab; also a white has no superiority over black nor a black has any superiority over white except by piety and good action. Learn that every Muslim is a brother to every Muslim and that the Muslims constitute one brotherhood. Nothing shall be legitimate to a Muslim which belongs to a fellow Muslim unless it was given freely and willingly. Do not, therefore, do injustice to yourselves.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|I'll never forget my first time with you' Min said as she edged the doughnut off her finger. 'The earth moved, and then my mother asked my father who he was going down on at lunch.
Tobeimean Peter|War was the ultimate chaos, a pounding, soul-destroying snarl, ending in blown-apart men lying unburied on the cold earth. There was nothing more cosmically chaotic than war.
Robin Jarvis|If you wanna be a writer, you must learn to paint a picture with words.
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|When they (the men, the scavengers)come for you, do not give yourselfto them so easily.Wear your strength like armour,fight like a beast.Do not let them tell you thatyou belong to them.Be fearless.Be a lion.Be like lava.Rip them apart,and burn their bones.And when you are done,tell the world that you belong to no man.That you are a lady,a warrior,a tsunami, and you belong only to yourself.
Albert Camus|Courts of law, and all the paraphernalia and folly of law cannot be found in a rational state of society.
Dominic Riccitello|You were like fine wine, but cheap wine gets you drunk faster.
Winton Porter, Just Passin' Thru: A Vintage Store, the Appalachian Trail, and a Cast of Unforgettable Characters|That's what coming face-to-face with six months in the woods will do to you: as soon as you realize you have the chance to be a different person, you become one. You can forget who you are. This is no accident when you've spent miles wondering, with every labored step, Who is this person who has decided to try this?--wondering who you are. You have nothing but time to answer the question, to give a new account of yourself. Your only witness might be a blanket of cool moss on a sunny day, or a panorama of endless mountains, or a young doe gazing by the Trail. You've yet to discover that the journey is the destination. So you lose yourself, then you find yourself again, farther along.
John Owen|We can be amazed at man not only because he is a person, not only because he's made in the image of God, but also because, by the Incarnation, human nature itself has been raised to a divine dignity.
Rohit Shetty|Advances in technology will continue to reach far into every sector of our economy. Future job and economic growth in industry, defense, transportation, agriculture, health care, and life sciences is directly related to scientific advancement.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|Stains were a patchwork of mistakes you couldn't get rid of. They showed the world your real self, even the parts you didn't want it to see.
Emmanuel Lewis|No, my family is Russian, Georgian, via Ellis Island.
Robert Jensen, Getting Off: Pornography and the End of Masculinity|Those four effects described above—shaping a male-dominant view of sexuality, initiating victims, contributing to difficulty in separating sexual fantasy and reality, and providing a training manual for abusers—are at work just as much with men who have not engaged in activities that meet the legal definition of rape. Here we have to let go of a comforting illusion—that there is some clear line between men who rape and men who don't, between the bad guys and the good guys.
Debasish Mridha|True progress happens slowly, unnoticeable, like a flower blooms slowly and silently.
Tristan Sherwin, Love: Expressed|What if the thing that God wants us to receive most in our conversations with Him is not some alternate reality, but an assurance of a divine presence within, and a divine perspective on, our current reality – a presence and perspective that will ultimately change our response to our circumstances and lead us to be responsible within those circumstances? So prayer doesn’t just become some ‘spiritual exercise’ in order to exert our authority over the external world, it becomes a spiritually-physical relationship with a greater authority that brings transformation internally, leading to responsibility externally.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|It’s that I no longer know where I am. I seem to move around perfectly easily among people, to have perfectly normal relations with them. Is it possible, I ask myself, that all of them are participants in a crime of stupefying proportions? Am I fantasizing it all? I must be mad! Yet every day I see the evidences. The very people I suspect produce the evidence, exhibit it, offer it to me. Corpses. Fragments of corpses that they have bought for money.It is as if I were to visit friends, and to make some polite remark about the lamp in their living room, and they were to say, “Yes, it’s nice, isn’t it? Polish-Jewish skin it’s made of, we find that’s best, the skins of young Polish-Jewish virgins.” And then I go to the bathroom and the soap wrapper says, “Treblinka – 100% human stereate.” Am I dreaming, I say to myself? What kind of house is
Jack Newfield|I do what I can,' I said. 'When I can do more, I will. You know that.
Matt Mullenweg|My wife, my daughters, even my grandchildren are funny. You've got to keep a sense of humor because anger destroys you.
Debasish Mridha|If you love someone ever,you can't forget her never. If you love someone ever,you can't hurt her never.If you truly love someone ever,she can't leave you never. She resides in your heart forever.You can't erase her from heart never.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|They were all slender, frail creatures with wondering eyes and soft fluttery voices. But they were all made out of thin invisible steel.
Thomas Vilsack|If we can get people to focus on fruits and vegetables and more healthy foods, we'll be better in terms of our healthcare situation.
Ian McEwan, The Child in Time|When you're a parent you find yourself looking at the unknown that is your child, trying to find a piece of yourself inside her, because sometimes that is what it takes to claim.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|And she thought, with a vicious thrill, of what these people would do if they read her mind in this moment; if they knew that she was thinking of a man in a quarry, thinking of his body with a sharp intimacy as one does not think of another’s body but only of one’s own. She smiled; the cold purity of her face prevented them from seeing the nature of that smile.
Drew Gilpin Faust|I was brought up in a family of leaders, and I think leadership is a life sentence. I like changing things that will shape the future.
Professor Quy Huy INSEAD|Our relations seemed poor to me, and I wasn't surprised that the US intelligence picture in the Horn of Africa was weak. Much of what I read consisted of recycled news headlines repackaged as intelligence. Real, valuable intelligence only came from real people, yet we hadn't done much to meet and work with the people.
Kasi Blake, Vampires Rule|He gives me the hairy eyeball, and asks me to help him find his pancreas.
Sheri L. Dew|Seventy years after China emerged from the Second World War, the greatest threat facing the nation's leadership is not imperialism but skepticism.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|I'll figure out how to be truer: to let people go if they need to be let go of, and to hold on tight if that's what's called for. I will pay attention, so I can cross each human heart that comes across my path, cross it as true as I can.
Nagendra Kumar Y|Then Treece realized a remarkable thing. He understood in a flash that everyone in the world was the same age -no one younger or older than anyone else. He could not understand it, but he knew it to be true. Was there something in the air of the world that made people appear to be old or middle-aged or young?
Charles M. Schulz|Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, 'Where have I gone wrong'.Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.
Konrad Adenauer|Intuition enlightens and so links up with pure thought. They together become an intelligence which is not simply of the brain, which does not calculate, but feels and thinks.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|I gaze out, to the stars. I remember the first time I saw real stars, through the hatch window. They were beautiful then, but now, seeing them here, all around me, beautiful feels like an inadequate word. I see the stars as a part of the universe, and having spent my life behind walls, suddenly having none fills me with both awe and terror. Emotion courses through my veins, choking me. I feel so insignificant, a tiny speck surrounded by a million stars.A million suns.Centuries away is Sol. Circling around it is Sol-Earth, the planet Amy came from. And one of these other stars is the Centauri binary system, where the new planet spins, waiting for us.And here we are, in the middle, surrounded by a sea of stars.Any of them could hold a planet. Any of them could hold a home.But all of them are out of reach.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|For him, too, starting over, departures, a new life had a certain luster, but he knew that only the impotent and the lazy attach happiness to such things. Happiness implied a choice, and within that choice a concerted will, a lucid desire. He could hear Zagreus: "Not the will to renounce, but the will to happiness.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|That is one of the reasons why a man should pick a path with heart, so that he can find his laughter.
Taya Kyle|I don't think you should try to be anything you're not. If you're not smiling all the time or always happy - I don't think it matters. If you're having bad day, show you're having a bad day. Don't try to put up something that's fake.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|Christianity got over the difficulty of combining furious opposites, by keeping them both, and keeping them both furious.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|It is always so, when we are unhappy we feel more strongly the unhappiness of others; our feeling is not shattered, but becomes concentrated...
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Meditation is a mysterious method of self-restoration.It involves “shutting” out the outside world, and by that means sensing the universal “presence” which is, incidentally, absolute perfect peace.It is basically an existential “time-out”—a way to “come up for a breath of air” out of the noisy clutter of the world.But don’t be afraid, there is nothing arcane or supernatural or creepy about the notion of taking a time-out. Ball players do it. Kids do it, when prompted by their parents. Heck, even your computer does it (and sometimes not when you want it to).So, why not you?A meditation can be as simple as taking a series of easy breaths, and slowly, gently counting to ten in your mind.
Michael Davidow, The Rocketdyne Commission|They were free to be what they wanted to be, and what they wanted to be was nothing.
W.B. Yeats|I said: 'A line will take us hours maybe;Yet if it does not seem a moment's thought,Our stitching and unstitching has been naught.
Alexandre Grothendieck, Récoltes et semailles: Réflexions et témoignage sur un passé de mathématicien.|And every science, when we understand it not as an instrument of power and domination but as an adventure in knowledge pursued by our species across the ages, is nothing but this harmony, more or less vast, more or less rich from one epoch to another, which unfurls over the course of generations and centuries, by the delicate counterpoint of all the themes appearing in turn, as if summoned from the void.
Olawale Daniel|Failing may not necessarily mean you're losing out - it may be your defining moment. So, dare to fail forward!
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to be prosperous, then you will have to become a seeker
Leonid Borodin, Partings|I was utterly convinced that an intellectual could never be anything but an intellectual, was simply not capable of being anything else, that his intellectuality would, sooner or later, erode his faith or erode whatever he'd masked it with . . . For example, intellectuals like to dress themselves up as peasants . . . but it never works. The intellectual's constitution is impervious to such things - it permits only one object of worship - oneself. Generally speaking, an intellectual in the contemporary version is an exceptionally resourceful and, essentially, pitiful being.
Brandi Salazar, A Warrior's Betrayal|Sitting down on the stairs, Cheyenne watched Behr through the slats in the railing. She liked what she saw. Covered in a fine sheen of perspiration, muscles swollen from what was clearly a grueling workout, Behr’s toned physique was a serious distraction from her worries, making her content to just sit and watch. Each thump of his fist into the bag resonated in her bones. Each kick of his leg thundered in her ears. Every move seemed to be in time with the harsh sounds of the music pumping through the room, until he was a frenzy of movement. It was frighteningly beautiful. Standing, Cheyenne called out to him. “Behr? Are you hungry?” She was feeling a little peckish herself, and she needed something to keep her hands busy. Between a combination of brutal punches, knee jabs and the music, Behr didn’t hear a word she said. So she decided to go to him. Winding her way through equipment and stepping over the discarded sweaty T-shirt, Cheyenne approached him. Waiting for the right moment to interrupt, she tapped him on the shoulder during a brief pause. Big mistake. Huge.
Teri Anne Stanley, Drunk on You|She’d vowed to be braver and take more risks, but this seemed out of her league. Because sometimes what you wanted the most was the one thing you were most afraid to get.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Attitude. That is your tendency to evaluate things based on your perception. If you think you can't, that is a negative attitude parcel and opening it will reveal what you believe
P.C. Cast, Untamed|I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|In all my close friendships, words are the bricks I use to build bridges. To know someone I need to hear her, and to feel known, I need to be heard by her. The process of knowing and loving another person happens for me through conversation. I reveal something to help my friend understand me, she responds in a way that assures me she values my revelation, and then she adds something to help me understand her. This back-and-forth is repeated again and again as we go deeper into each other's hearts, minds, pasts, and dreams. Eventually, a friendship is built - a solid, sheltering structure that exists in the space between us - a space outside of ourselves that we can climb deep into. There is her, there is me, and then there is our friendship - this bridge we've built together.
Jane Austen, Emma|Then maybe it's not a question of how different we are. Maybe I've been in a hurry my whole life to experience all the things I've done and seen for a reason.""What reason?"His head turned toward hers. "To share them with you.
J.D. Salinger|Hole..." He grips Risa's hand tighter. "Hole, Risa, hole..." And she smiles "Yes, Connor," she says. "You're whole. You're finally whole.
Eraldo Banovac|You know, it is a little known fact that thinking is entirely overrated. The world would be a much better place if we all did a lot less of it.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|And all of the late, late-night talks, when you're not stoned, but you're so tired you might as well be, when you just sit there glowing with warmth, and all of those things that you really hope for come out, and you connect with each other on such deep levels that, when you think about it the next day, you wonder if it was real - if the others felt it too.
Arthur Miller, A View from the Bridge: A Play in Two Acts|Now, as the weeks passed, there was a future, there was a trouble that would not go away.
Riccardo Muti|Wisdom prepares for the worst, but folly leaves the worst for the day when it comes.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Perhaps all our troubles - all the violence, obesity, illness, depression, and greed we can't overcome - began when we stopped living as Running People. Deny your nature, and it will erupt in some other, uglier way.
Tom Walsh|We lose our ability to live fully if we neglect or ignore our responsibility to the other people who share this planet with us. We simply cannot reach our full potential without the insights and observations that other people--our teachers--have to give us. We cannot feel whole until we are helping other people to reach for their potential and to grow as strong as they can grow. We do need down time, and we do need time to ourselves, but we very much need to acknowledge our ties to our fellow human beings and act as if those people meant more to us than our jobs or pets or cars do. They are much more important than anything material that we ever can get our hands on or strive for.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|A movie is not a movie, it is a potential nuclear furnace of inspiration, courage and conscience.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You set the standard for how people will treat and regard you, by how you treat and regard yourself.
Nicole Peeler|The dark is generous, and it is patient, and it always wins. It always wins because it is everywhere. It is in the wood that burns in your hearth, and in the kettle on the fire; it is under your chair and under your table and under the sheets on your bed. Walk in the midday sun, and the dark is with you, attached to the soles of your feet. The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
Eve Arnold|Really in technology, it's about the people, getting the best people, retaining them, nurturing a creative environment and helping to find a way to innovate.
Michael Moore|It’s true: greed has had a very bad press. I frankly don’t see anything wrong with greed. I think that the people who are always attacking greed would be more consistent with their position if they refused their next salary increase. I don’t see even the most Left-Wing scholar in this country scornfully burning his salary check. In other words, "greed" simply means that you are trying to relieve the nature given scarcity that man was born with. Greed will continue until the Garden of Eden arrives, when everything is superabundant, and we don’t have to worry about economics at all. We haven’t of course reached that point yet; we haven’t reached the point where everybody is burning his salary increases, or salary checks in general.
Louise Brown, The Dancing Girls of Lahore: Selling Love and Saving Dreams in Pakistan's Pleasure District|Love is like a rose. So beautiful to look at, yet so painful to touch.
Joe Ambercrombie|Sometimes your loved one doesn't understands that you need them,It hurts but when they say they knows you very well it hurts even more as u know its not true.
Kajal Aggarwal|In sports... you play from the time you're eight years old, and then you're done forever.
Richard K. Morgan, The Steel Remains|We cannot be judge and jury, the hardest thing is to understand the unknown and in knowing the hidden all things are revealed giving truth.God is watcher during all moments and at the end the real Judge.
Dolly Parton|When Paul Allen and I started Microsoft over 30 years ago, we had big dreams about software. We had dreams about the impact it could have.
Nicole  Lyons|I kept you so well, buried beneath the darkest shame and stilled with filthy lies. Perhaps I should have dug deeper.
Cecy Robson|So I flirt with disaster once or twice. Who doesn’t?”He snorted. “You don’t just flirt with disaster, you have intercourse with it.
E L Parfitt|I have the most fantastic, stupendous, magnificent idea. Why it’s better than television," he said, standing there in red, tartan pyjamas, his beard in a sleepy tangle. Dunn's Magnificent Idea
Q.M. Herrera, The Greatest Is Love|If you don't want somwone to change your life for you, you've got to change it yourself. (Vanishing Acts, pg. 339)
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Some people spend their whole lives seeking heaven, when all they needed to do was look about them, and embrace that which was already there.
John F. Kennedy|Two heads are better than one, not because either is infallible, but because they are unlikely to go wrong in the same direction.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|First, the thoughts are chosen,then the prayers are spoken. The candles are lit,then the plea is submitted. But soon after you move away,there is wax;melting, adulterating and braiding-a new constellation up on your blanks.
Jim Bouton, Ball Four|I think I should be allowed to be only fair, or even mediocre, for a while.
Elliott Abrams|To be in any way a positive contribution, that's all anybody wants to be. It's all I've ever wanted to be. I wanted to be an artist, be a mother. You want to feel that in your life you've been of use, in whatever way that comes out.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|And second, keep in mind that you are a weapon. In theory, when you're done with training, you should be able to kick a hole in a wall or knock out a moose with a single punch.""I would never hit a moose," said Clary. "They're endangered.
Jon Katz|I treat politics kind of like my religion. It's something I believe in, but I don't want to have to make a living at it, because if you make a living at it, you somehow become dishonest.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|But the artist began to have misgivings as the wall underwent its transformation. Bigger than any pavement project he had yet undertaken, it made him restless. Over the years, a precise cycle had entered the rhythm of his life, the cycle of arrival, creation, and obliteration. Like sleeping, waking and stretching, or eating, digesting and excreting, the cycle sang in harmony with the blood in his veins and the breath in his lungs. He learned to disdain the overlong sojourn and the procrastinated departure, for they were the progenitors of complacent routine, to be shunned at all costs. The journey -- chanced, unplanned, solitary -- was the thing to relish.Now, however, his old way of life was being threatened. The agreeable neighborhood and the solidity of the long, black wall were reawakening in him the usual sources of human sorrow: a yearning for permanence, for roots, for something he could call his own....
Franz Kafka|You are too kind, and I am unused to it. For your own sake, do not stroke my misery. It knows not how to respond, but with a vicious bite.
David James Duncan, God Laughs & Plays; Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right|As surely as I feel love and need for food and water, I feel love and need for God. But these feelings have nothing to do with Supramundane Males planning torments for those who don't abide by neocon "moral values." I hold the evangelical truth of our situation to be that contemporary politicized fundamentalists, including first and foremost those aimed at Empire and Armageddon, need us non-fundamentalists, mystics, ecosystem activists, unprogrammable artists, agnostic humanitarians, incorrigible writers, truth-telling musicians, incorruptible scientists, organic gardeners, slow food farmers, gay restaurateurs, wilderness visionaries, pagan preachers of sustainability, compassion-driven entrepreneurs, heartbroken Muslims, grief-stricken children, loving believers, loving disbelievers, peace-marching millions, and the One who loves us all in such a huge way that it is not going too far to say: they need us for their salvation.
Charlie Maclean, Unforgettable|[That] was the cruelty of fate, whether you were dying at sea or simply trying to get through high school. Sometimes fate kissed you. Sometimes it snubbed you. Sometimes it passed you a love note, and that note was a lie.
Kevin Hearne, Hexed|So you do have some claws after all!' (Wyea)'You have no idea,' Ren responded and charged.
Karl Pearson|Order and reason, beauty and benevolence, are characteristics and conceptions which we find solely associated with the mind of man.
R.L. Mathewson, Truce|I couldn't make it in a chicken world, sir, so I hit the road in search of something better.
Nicholas Kristof|America's men and women in uniform bravely defend our nation and our values. Their skill, dedication, and valor are the envy of the world. When their time in uniform is over, they are entitled to world-class health care, a benefit they've earned and that their country is grateful to provide for them.
Mario J. Rocchetta, Make It Happen|Forgiveness is not about letting anybody 'off the hook.' Forgiveness actually has nothing to do with the person you are forgiving. It does, however, have everything to do with you.
Robert W. Service|There's a race of men that don't fit in, A race that can't sit still;So they break the hearts of kith and kin, And they roam the world at will.They range the field and rove the flood, And they climb the mountain's crest; Their's is the curse of the gypsy blood, And they don't know how to rest.
Gary Snyder, Earth House Hold|When the mind is exhausted of images, it invents its own.
Scottish Proverb|The English have a proverb, 'Conscience makes cowboys of us all'.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|I hope when people ask what you're going to do with your English and/or creative writing degree you'll say: ... Carry it with me, as I do everything that matters.
Abraham Verghese|It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know?
Monica F Anderson, Success Is a Side Effect: Leadership, Relationships, and Selective Amnesia|If you can't stand the heat in the kitchen, keep cooking. Success comes from repeatedly doing things that make you uncomfortable.
Epictetus|When any person harms you, or speaks badly of you, remember that he acts or speaks from a supposition of its being his duty. Now, it is not possible that he should follow what appears right to you, but what appears so to himself. Therefore, if he judges from a wrong appearance, he is the person hurt, since he too is the person deceived. For if anyone should suppose a true proposition to be false, the proposition is not hurt, but he who is deceived about it. Setting out, then, from these principles, you will meekly bear a person who reviles you, for you will say upon every occasion, "It seemed so to him."....
Robert Browning, The complete poetical works of Browning|Who hears music, feels his solitudePeopled at once.
Rick Smolan|Environmentalists should like fracking for its relative cleanliness. But they don't. They have made a bugaboo out of the chemicals in fracking fluids, which supposedly can leach into groundwater sources. I'm convinced they're dead wrong. Ultimately, good technology with a cost advantage will win out over paranoia.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|The years stretched before her, a long and dusty way, yet if she could walk humbly along it she might find that life, unfolding slowly, keeps its best secrets till the end.
Josephine Angelini|Do you know how marriage was defined in ancient Greece? Noel said in a calmer tone. Its really simple. A virgin goes to mans house with the family gathered as witnesses. The virgin and the man share a fire, a meal, and a bed. If the girl wasn't a virgin in the morning, then the couple was considered married. That's it
Rainer Maria Rilke|School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect so why bother.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|Our enemies-my enemies-wouldn’t win. The demon lizards had hurt me for the last time. Now, they had a new foe, and I would make sure they remembered my name when I destroyed them on the battlefield.	I would work hard.	I would excel.	I would become the perfect soldier.
Ayn Rand|I consider marriage a very important institution, but it is important when and if two people have found the person with whom they wish to spend the rest of their lives—a question of which no man or woman can be automatically certain. When one is certain that one’s choice is final, then marriage is, of course, a desirable state. But this does not mean that any relationship based on less than total certainty is improper. I think the question of an affair or a marriage depends on the knowledge and the position of the two persons involved and should be left up to them. Either is moral, provided only that both parties take the relationship seriously and that it is based on values.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays and Poems|When its errands are noble and adequate, a steamboat bridging the Atlantic between Old and New England, and arriving at its ports with the punctuality of a planet, is a step of man into harmony with nature. The boat at St. Petersburgh, which plies along the Lena by magnetism, needs little to make it sublime. When science is learned in love, and its powers are wielded by love, they will appear the supplements and continuations of the material creation.
Avijeet Das|Your sensitivity, your tenderness, your eyes make me pick up my pen and write, Mrignayni!
Galina Nelson, Angelina and The Kingdom of Grace|- You may always talk to me, honey... - Started suddenly bright white moon. - The stars are too young to give you a wise advice, yet.
Sara Sheridan|Foreword: Life is tension or the result of tension: without tension the creative impulse cannot exist. If human life be taken as the result of tension between the two polarities night and day, night, the negative pole, must share equal importance with the positive day. At night, under the influence of cosmic radiations quite different from those of the day, human affairs are apt to come to a crisis. At night most human beings die and are 
Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion|Escape is very difficult to negotiate, underwater.
Martin R. Lemieux|Once you shift your thoughts for the better, your world begins to shift with them.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|I understand we'll be attending your friend Miss Worthington's Christmas ball. Perhaps I'll find a suitable-- which is to say wealthy-- wife among the ladies attending."And perhaps they will run screaming for the convent.
Nikki Rowe|And like the sun, I will always rise.
Jude Morgan, An Accomplished Woman|Once you kill all of us, and you're alone, you'll die! The hate will die. That hate is what moves you, nothing else! That envy moves you. Nothing else! You'll die, inevitably. You're not immortal. You're not even alive, you're nothing but moving hate.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|You couldn't just pick and choose at will when someone depended on you, or loved you. It wasn't like a light switch, easy to turn on or off. If you were in, you were in. Out, you were out.
Russel Kirk|1951. Law is a rule of conduct enacted by competent authority for the sake of the common good. The moral law presupposes the rational order, established among creatures for their good and to serve their final end, by the power, wisdom, and goodness of the Creator. All law finds its first and ultimate truth in the eternal law. Law is declared and established by reason as a participation in the providence of the living God, Creator and Redeemer of all.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-healing requires tremendous action, a willingness to go beyond the normative to discover something transcending.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|I want to mate with you more than my next breath, but I need you to be sure.” His eyes were human again as he continued. “Dragon matings are for life. I... don't ever want you to regret mating with me. Even if every second that you are not mine is torture.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christianity has its roots in the deep, firm soil of history. Jesus’ incarnation—God invading human history with His presence in the form of man—is on the record. Every time you write the date, you attest to the fact that God entered human history.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Jace suggested that the cast of "Gilligan's Island" could go do something anatomically unlikely with themselves.
Praveen Chenna|We discover truth by asking rapier-like questions that cut through the thick fog of doctrinarism. Artists and philosophers must be subversive: we need these rebellious cynics to ask questions, they must resist cultural norms; seek out truths that are not self-evident and challenge everything. Doubt, not blind belief, is essential for discovering truth.
sbhankar|Everyday, I end up with your chat on top. Everyday, I end with knowing you a bit more. Don't know whether you're mine or not, but everyday is making me the right person to you.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|Remember when you discovered your father owned a book called "How To Disappear and Never Be Found?" You're sure it was just research for new and creative ways of thinking, for concepts that might apply to his work, but it raised the distinct possibility that there is something very upsetting that people you love could do instead of dying.
Murray N. Rothbard|Moreover, in the system of criminal punishment in the libertarian world, the emphasis would never be, as it is now, on "society's" jailing the criminal; the emphasis would necessarily be on compelling the criminal to make restitution to the victim of his crime. The present system, in which the victim is not recompensed but instead has to pay taxes to support the incarceration of his own attacker — would be evident nonsense in a world that focuses on the defense of property rights and therefore on the victim of crime.
Mother Teresa|A murder was never about brawn, it began and ended in the brain and the brain could justify anything.
Guy Mankowski, Letters From Yelena|Now, my novel begins. No, now I begin my novel—and yet I cannot decide whether to call myself I or she.
A.A. Milne|Oh, Eeyore, you are wet!” said Piglet, feeling him. Eeyore shook himself, and asked somebody to explain to Piglet what happened when you had been inside a river for quite a long time.
Barbra Annino, Bloodstone|Darkness is drowned by three lights; nature, knowledge, and truth.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I ponder the rhythms of letting go and embracing whatever is around the corner, trusting that the empty spaces will be filled. And knowing that sometimes community can happen only in the gaps where mystery resides.
Douglas Wilson|In two days, it's hard to to get the quality you would normally want for a design project.
Pablo Neruda|I love you as the plant that never blooms but carries in itself the light of hidden flowers; thanks to your love a certain solid fragrence risen from the earth, lives darkly in my body. and: No one can stop the river of your hands, your eyes and their sleepiness, my dearest. You are the trembling of time, which passes between the vertical light and the darkening sky. and: From the stormy archipelagoes I brought my windy accordian, waves of crazy rain, the habitual slowness of natural things: they made up my wild heart.
Mike Lee|A lot of people, most people who are working, they do it for money. And I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that. It so happens that I made a lot of money already, so I don't have to worry that much about it. I wouldn't fault anybody for doing it for the money, but it doesn't interest me right now.
Lydia M. Child|Once they had been equal in their separate freedoms. They had set out to have children as lightly as if they were playing house, and now her necessarily domestic life bored him, and she was bound to it in her body and imagination. This imbalance was fated, built into their biology.
Virginia Woolf, The Diary of Virginia Woolf, Volume Three: 1925-1930|The immense success of our life, is I think, that our treasure is hid away; or rather in such common things that nothing can touch it.
George Saunders, Tenth of December|A bad thing happened to you kids, Dad said. But it could have been worse.So much worse, Mom said.But because of you kids, Dad said, it wasn't.You did so good, Mom said.Did beautiful, Dad said.
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|In the molten fire where he lay he could watch the slow machinations of eternity, the cosmic miracle of each second being born, eggshaped, silverplated, phallic, time thrusting itself gleaming through the worn and worthless husk of the microsecond previous, halting, beginning to show the slow and infinitesimal accreations of decay in the clocking away of life in a mechanism encoded at the moment of conception, withering, shunted aside by time's next orgasmic thrust, and all to the beating of some galactic heart, to voices, a madman's mutterings from a snare in the web of the world.
Robyn Heirtzler, inDIVISIBLE|I give you," said Alexander, glancing at her, "what you need most from me.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I watch the running sheets of light raised on the creek surface. The sight has the appeal of the purely passive, like the racing of light under clouds on a field, the beautiful dream at the moment of being dreamed. The breeze is the merest puff, but you yourself sail headlong and breathless under the gale force of the spirit.
Bruno Latour, Reassembling the Social: An Introduction to Actor-Network-Theory|In the letters section, a Scot reminds his readers of the ‘Glorious Alliance’ between France and Mary Queen of Scots, which explains why Scotland should not share the rabid Europhobia of Englishmen.
Christine Zolendz, Saving Grace|I assigned him to help me trim the Brussels sprouts, but instead he kept trying to throw them away when he thought I wasn’t looking. “Brussels sprouts, Grace, really? These are our friends. Why are you doing this to them?
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I can only be me not thee, as far as the eyes can see!
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|It is very sad that most of us just aren’t grateful for what we have. If you’re reading this, I think it’s safe to assume that you’re not homeless. You’re not blind. You might be ill, but you’re still alive. And yet, we find it hard to be thankful. To see the gift each day brings us. It is from this lack of true gratitude that we become sad. We have told ourselves over and over that we aren’t happy. That our lives aren’t good. That we’re no good.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|If you can't see God in all, you can't see God at all
Marty Rubin|Free will, determinism, meaning, existence, etc. are academic problems, not problems in life.
Hayao Miyazaki, Starting Point: 1979-1996|To be born means being compelled to choose an era, a place, a life. To exist here, now, means to lost the possibility of being countless other potential selves.. Yet once being born there is no turning back. And I think that's exactly why the fantasy worlds of cartoon movies so strongly represent our hopes and yearnings. They illustrate a world of lost possibilities for us.
RT Llizo|Reality is a complex phenomenon, filled with dimensions, not the least of which are two that Christians affirm and understand: the physical and the spiritual. We are invited by Cervantes to enter into Don Quixote's imaginary world and reflect on these players. We are to ignore no points of view: neither the idealism of Don Quixote nor the realism/literalism of Sancho Panza. The point that comes across is this: we must not have a reductionist attitude toward reality.
Ehsan Sehgal|Mistakes can be fixed but if you do it more than once, it's no longer a mistake.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|Through violence you may murder the hater, but you cannot murder hate.
Deontay Wilder|Stuart Hall was an utterly unique figure. Although he arrived at the age of 19 from Jamaica and spent the rest of his life here, he never felt at home in Britain. This juxtaposition was a crucial source of his strength and originality. Because of his colour and origin, he saw the country differently - not as a native, but as an outsider.
Rabindranath Tagore|The biggest changes in a women's nature are brought by love; in man, by ambition
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Tragedy has a cruel way of ripping off the masks of self-sufficiency and self-satisfaction. It yells in the streets, "No! Everything is not A-okay!" It cracks apart our airtight theologies about God having everything under control. It forces us to get real and really struggle with the big questions of life. It cautions us that this life journey we are on is not easily comprehended with a few sermon points but demands a lifetime of wisdom to even begin to fathom.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|You can raise your potential, when you help someone to reach their potential.
Sahar Abdulaziz, But You Look Just Fine: Unmasking Depression, Anxiety, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Panic Disorder and Seasonal Affective Disorder|A disability that is not apparent in the person’s appearance is no less intrusive, no less painful, no less disturbing than one that can be spotted across the room. And, yet, many people fail to respect the tremendous impact that the invisible disability has on the human enduring it.
James Baldwin|And here I was, left with only myself to deal with. It was entirely up to me.
C. L. R. James|Pearl Harbor caused our Nation to wholeheartedly commit to winning World War II, changing the course of our Nation's history and the world's future.
Christine Lagarde|The conductor is the artistic leader and sometimes cultural arbiter of his or her community. It is their leadership that is looked to and should anything go wrong, they are the persons taking most of the heat.
Malcolm Gladwell, What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures|When journalism is silenced, literature must speak. Because while journalism speaks with facts, literature speaks with truth.
Paulo Mendes Da Rocha|Cathy, don't look so defeated. She was only trying to put us downagain.Maybe nothing did work out right for her, but that doesn't mean we aredoomed. Let's go forth tomorrow with no great expectations of findingperfection. Then, expecting only a small share of happiness, we won'tbe disappointed.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Maybe you know the monsters, Martin," Murphy said quietly. "But I know the guy who stops them. And if they don't return the girl, we'll make them regret it." She nodded at me and said, "Let's go. We can watch Dresden kill the bitch.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|I forgave her many years ago ... It's she who blames herself, but she can't see that. It's easier to project blame into the eyes of others and defend yourself against that than to find it within yourself, where there's no possible defense.
Debasish Mridha|If a person does not rule over money, then money will rule over him
Tim Liwanag, Why Jesus Came To Hell|Granted that there is much sin, suffering, and death everywhere, but why should we believe that these "evils" are too strong to be overcome? Why should weseek an unprecedented tribulation or an outbreak of God's fiery wrath upon the whole inhabited earth instead of an opportunity for sinners to repent and to be reconciled to God?
Amir Clayton Powell|An exhausted parent can’t provide the best care, although occasionally, we have all had to do so.
Thomas Szaz|And for three weeks I was trapped in my own mind again. But this time, I had weapons. One of them, maybe the most important, was this knowledge: I have been ill before, then well again. Wellness is possible.
Nia Vardalos|I think the world is ambivalent about feminism. So I can't blame college students. I think they're reflecting the greater culture's attitude toward feminism. So what I can do is, in ways that are appropriate, advocate for feminism and help the students learn what feminism is about.
Jaan Tallinn|Well, the big products in electronics in the '50s were radio and television. The first big computers were just beginning to come in and represented the most logical market for us to work in.
Erin Hunter|To be an amazing person you need to be loyal to your religion,loyal to your people and loyal to yourself.....
Debasish Mridha|A writer's thoughts can act as an Aladdin's lamp, which can enlighten and open the mind of a reader, by showing opportunities and beauties of life.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Because without our language, we have lost ourselves. Who are we without our words?
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|People should love in the same way that they should write; insistently, fervently, forever.
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|We can't change by fancy methods. We can't change by mere willpower. But God's Spirit working in us can help us to "will and to act according to his good purpose" (Philippians 2:13).
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
John Stuart Mill, Considerations on Representative Government|Don't ever mistake silence for ignorance, when it is obviously stupidity
Alice Hoffman, Property Of|In reality I said nothing at all, but I heard a murmur, something gone wrong with the silence, and I pricked up my ears, like an animal I imagine, which gives a start and pretends to be dead.
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|A wedding is and event, but marriage is a life.
Feisal Abdul Rauf|I have never made fun of religion. Religion is something I don't even want to mess with, because I am really afraid of the clouds opening up and my being struck by lightning.
Keith J. Devlin|That's because, if correct, a mathematical formula expresses an eternal truth about the universe. Hence no one can claim ownership of it; it is ours to share. Rich or poor, black or white, young or old - no one can take these formulas away from us. Nothing in this world is so profound and elegant, and yet so available to all.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|If we conform our behavior to Godâ€™s ancient moral prescription, we are entitled to the sweet benefits of life. But if we defy its imperatives, then death is the inevitable consequence. AIDS is only one avenue by which sickness and death befall those who play Russian roulette with Godâ€™s eternal moral law.
Amber Dawn, Sub Rosa|The funny part about Islam is; even if you rape a woman, it would be considered as her fault.
Richard Flanagan|I think the minute you mention death, people run for the hills - unless it's heavy metal. People do not like death.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|This was a new buzz, better than anything I’d tried before. For the first time, I could fight back at others. I’d even fight with a parked car! I was totally kyboshed on these drugs, I didn’t care how many boys were standing outside the pub, I’d run over and fight the lot of them. Even though I came off second best, in my mind, I still walked away a winner. I showed them I wasn’t a little shit-bag that always got battered, not when I had the drugs in me.
Allen Ginsberg|and he imagines carsand rides them in his dreams,so lonely growing up amongthe imaginary automobilesand dead souls of Tarrytownto createout of his own imaginationthe beauty of his wildforebears - a mythology he cannot inherit.
Gustave Flaubert|I invite all brats to throw their cookies at the baker’s head if they’re not sweet, winos to chuck their wine if it’s bad, the dying to shuck their souls when they croak, and men to throw their existence in God’s face when it’s bitter
W.H. Auden|There must always be two kinds of art: escape-art, for man needs escape as he needs food and deep sleep, and parable-art, that art which shall teach man to unlearn hatred and learn love.
Evan Davis|I once sang 'Summer Nights,' from 'Grease,' at a bar in Melbourne with John Travolta, who's a good friend of mine. He looked cool singing the part of Danny - sitting in an armchair, smoking a cigar - while I got stuck playing Sandy.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|His famous, soul-stirring "I have a dream" speech will still give you chills and break your heart today. Decades later, long after his life on earth tragically ended, the legacy of his burden lives on, improving lives for generations to come. All because one man allowed his burden to birth a dream.
Michael Perkins|A doctor's mission should not be to prevent death, but more importantly it should be to improve the quality of life.
Tullian Tchividjian|Since Genesis 3 we have been addicted to setting our sights on something, someone, smaller than Jesus.
Lois Gordon, The World of Samuel Beckett, 1906-1946|In a sense, Joyce was Beckett's Don Quixote, and Beckett was his Sancho Panza. Joyce aspired to the One; Beckett encapsulated the fragmented many. But as each author accomplished his task, it was in the service of the other. Ultimately, Beckett's landscapes would resound with articulate silence, and his empty spaces would collect within themselves the richness of multiple shadows--a physicist would say the negative particles--of all that exists in absence, as in the white patches of an Abstract Expressionist painting. Becket would evoke, on his canvasses of vast innuendo and through the interstices of conscious and unconscious thought, the richness that Joyce had made explicit in words and intricate structure.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Your tone of voice is less about what you say and more about how you say it. It enhances or diminishes the language you use, how you construct your sentences, and the way your words sound. It represents the emotional expressions of your thoughts, feelings, and attitude.
Jessica Dawson, Fossil Fuels|Can one regret a thing that, however unwise, was beautiful?
Halldór Laxness, Salka Valka|What does hanging on a cross for twenty-four hours mean to a man who has no children,' I said, 'especially when he knows he's dying for a good cause -- indeed, that he's saving the whole world and then going straight into the best place in Heaven? What's that compared to the suffering I've had to put up with for months and years with the house full of children, when for many whole nights I've shrieked with pain unceasingly and without relief, and I'll soon be dead, and that without having anything to die for; and there'll be no heavenly Kingdom for me, for I know the children will go on crying when I'm dead, and swearing and quarrelling, and begging for milk they can't get.
George Weah|Well, logos is science or reason, something that helps us to function practically and effectively in the world, and it must therefore be closely in tune and reflect accurately the realities of the world around us.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Once I accepted my own transexuality, then it became obvious to me that the question "Why do transsexuals exist?" is not a matter of pure curiosity, but rather an act of nonacceptance, as it invariably occurs in the absence of asking the reciprocal question: "Why do cissexuals exist?" The unceasing search to uncover the cause of transexuality is designed to keep transsexual gender identities in a perpetually questionable state, thereby ensuring that cissexual gender identities continue to be unquestionable.
S. Kelley Harrell, Real Wyrd : A Modern Shaman's Roots in the Middle World|It's important to talk about fringe-of-the-fringe experiences, not just to show the humanity of intuitives, but to show humanity the commonness of intuition.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|Liam jumped. "Jeez --you can talk!"	Chudo-Yudo rolled his eyes. "Right. So a talking dragon is okay, but a talking dog freaks you out? Dude, you're going to have to adjust to this crap a lot faster than that if you're going to be any help.
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|When the body escaped mutilation, seldom did the heart go to the grave unscarred.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|[T]o really try to be informed and literate today is to feel stupid nearly all the time, and to need help.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Paradox: Pinocchio says “My nose will grow" if it doesn’t he is lying but it didn’t grow and if it does he is telling the truth and it did?
Samuel Richardson|The world tells us in a thousand different ways that the bigger we become, the freer we will be. The richer, the more beautiful, and the more powerful we grow, the more security, liberty, and happiness we will experience. And yet, the gospel tells us just the opposite, that the smaller we become, the freer we will be.
Søren Kierkegaard|But it is just as useless for a man to want first of all to decide the externals and after that the fundamentals as it is for a cosmic body, thinking to form itself, first of all to decide the nature of its surface, to what bodies it should turn its light, to which its dark side, without first letting the harmony of centrifugal and centripetal forces realize [*realisere*] its existence [*Existents*] and letting the rest come of itself. One must learn first to know himself before knowing anything else (γνῶθι σε αυτόν). Not until a man has inwardly understood himself and then sees the course he is to take does his life gain peace and meaning; only then is he free of the irksome, sinister traveling companion―that irony of life which manifests itself in the sphere of knowledge and invites true knowing to begin with a not-knowing (Socrates), just as God created the world from nothing. But in the waters of morality it is especially at home to those who still have not entered the tradewinds of virtue. Here it tumbles a person about in a horrible way, for a time lets him feel happy and content in his resolve to go ahead along the right path, then hurls him into the abyss of despair. Often it lulls a man to sleep with the thought, "After all, things cannot be otherwise," only to awaken him suddenly to a rigorous interrogation. Frequently it seems to let a veil of forgetfulness fall over the past, only to make every single trifle appear in a strong light again. When he struggles along the right path, rejoicing in having overcome temptation's power, there may come at almost the same time, right on the heels of perfect victory, an apparently insignificant external circumstance which pushes him down, like Sisyphus, from the height of the crag. Often when a person has concentrated on something, a minor external circumstance arises which destroys everything. (As in the case of a man who, weary of life, is about to throw himself into the Thames and at the crucial moment is halted by the sting of a mosquito). Frequently a person feels his very best when the illness is the worst, as in tuberculosis. In vain he tries to resist it but he has not sufficient strength, and it is no help to him that he has gone through the same thing many times; the kind of practice acquired in this way does not apply here. Just as no one who has been taught a great deal about swimming is able to keep afloat in a storm, but only the man who is intensely convinced and has experiences that he is actually lighter than water, so a person who lacks this inward point of poise is unable to keep afloat in life's storms.―Only when a man has understood himself in this way is he able to maintain an independent existence and thus avoid surrendering his own I. How often we see (in a period when we extol that Greek historian because he knows how to appropriate an unfamiliar style so delusively like the original author's, instead of censuring him, since the first prize always goes to an author for having his own style―that is, a mode of expression and presentation qualified by his own individuality)―how often we see people who either out of mental-spiritual laziness live on the crumbs that fall from another's table or for more egotistical reasons seek to identify themselves with others, until eventually they believe it all, just like the liar through frequent repetition of his stories."―from_Journals_, Search for Personal Meaning
Alisa Mullen|I was in way too deep. I was cut in so many places that I felt like I was bleeding out from every part of my body. Being outside and watching people live their normal lives took me out of my head, but the minute I stepped back into the apartment, I was muted inside. No words, no actions, no me. - Unsettled
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|My friend Julie was cooking dinner in her kitchen one night. Her expression was blank as she stood alone working by herself. Her daughter walked in and gasped, “Mom! What’s wrong?” She said “Nothing. I’m fine.” In response, her daughter added, “Then tell your face! You scared me!” Emotional expressions can easily be misinterpreted when we are not aware of what people are seeing. Being deep in thought can look that way.
Marie Curie|Be proud of your Latino culture and do the best work you can do, and you will always succeed.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|He swims easily to the side of the boat and pulls himself up on the ladder, water droplets clinging to his chest and abs. Still hanging on to the rope, he brings himself effortlessly over the side of the railing and onto the deck. His khaki shorts are completely soaked through, and they hang low and loosely on his hips. I have to force myself, consciously, not to ogle him.
Osiris Brackhaus, Lovers in Arms|Like a sparrow in its flitting, like a swallow in its flying, a curse that is causeless does not alight.
Toni Sorenson|Life isn’t about being perfect; it’s about improving. It’s not about achieving more, acquiring more, or even about actually being more. It’s about becoming better…better than you were.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|For the first time I realize how perilous peace can be. I appreciate the tightrope that my grandfather has spent his whole life trying to walk. And now, more than ever, I grow terrified that I'm going to make us all fall down.
Robert E. Lee|I can only say that I am nothing but a poor sinner, trusting in Christ alone for salvation.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|A good strategy tells you not only what specifically needs to accomplish, but WHY.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|I imagine that the essential gesture of the Operator is to surprise something or someone (through the little hole in the camera), and that this gesture is therefore perfect when it is performed unbeknownst to the subject being photographed. From this gesture derive all photographs whose principle (or better whose alibi) is “shock”; for the photographic “shock” consists less in traumatizing than in revealing what was so well hidden that the actor himself was unaware or unconscious of it.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Effective decision-making can be seen as an optimal link between memory of the past, ground-realities of the present and insights of the future.
Robert Sean Leonard|Father told me that if I ever met a lady in a dress like yours, I must look her straight in the eyes.
Ariel Seraphino|The quickest solution to a problem is found on our knees". HS/el
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing more uplifting than love, except love with kindness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Character is the real you-“the you in you that makes you the you, you are
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I mostly hope you think I miss you and in the end you hope you'll get me, but that's fantasy, untrue as you, and bitter as the hope you left me.
Aurora|I have more pet peeves than anybody: people talking in the movie theater, people eating in the movie theater loudly, people being rude, people making noise when you're supposed to be asleep, like drilling noises outside. I could be here all day.
Anthony Doerr|Rome is a broken mirror, the falling straps of a dress, a puzzle of astonishing complexity. It is an iceberg floating below our terrace, all its ballasts hidden beneath the surface.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Be the one to stand out in the crowd,Be the one to go where they’d rather not.Beautiful things don’t beg for a chance to glowThey throw out their lights and just shine out loud!
Kemi Sogunle|Different plants thrive together in a well nurtured garden. Just as they thrive, they pass on a message to mankind - God created us all to thrive with one another and planted love in our hearts for this reason. Let's learn to embrace each other, knowing Love is all we have to keep us growing and going.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|Self-acceptance means fully accepting yourself no matter what your traits or how you perform or achieve. It does not mean self-esteem, self-confidence, or self-regard. These terms imply that you accept yourself because you perform or behave in a specific way or because people accept you based on your achievements. Self-acceptance means that you non-judgmentally accept yourself for who you are without rating or evaluating yourself, or requiring the approval of others.
Michael Chang|If you've ever made change in the offering plate, you might be a redneck.
Steven Magee|The worst thing about pills was that they worked. Without them, you might just adapt; medical optimism suspended you in a maintenance reality. He'd never known how sick he was until he'd gotten health insurance. The pill that really wanted inventing was the bitter one that cured you of optimism and made time go faster.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|And what of Nature itself, you say – that callous and cruel engine, red in tooth and fang? Well, it is not so much of an engine as you think. As for "red in tooth and fang," whenever I hear the phrase or its intellectual echoes I know that some passer-by has been getting life from books.
Simon Kuznets|Every time there's a new tool, whether it's Internet or cell phones or anything else, all these things can be used for good or evil. Technology is neutral; it depends on how it's used.
Jeff Beck|My first wife said, 'It's either thatguitar or me,' you know -- and I giveyou three guesses which one went.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Among the many factors that differentiate successful people from consistent failures one is paramount; when failures were sleeping, successful people where thinking!
Carol Lynch Williams, Waiting|Do you believe in Jesus?Jesse looks at me so brown-eyed it hurts.He nods."I do," he says.I sit up."I think you look like him.
Deyth Banger|That you rescued few peoples lifes or somebody's life. Doesn't mean that they we return this back!They could decide to kill you..., who knows? (Person Of Interest)
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary|There is no rule that is true under all circumstances, for this is the real and not a statistical world. Because the statistical method shows only the average aspects, it creates an artificial and predominantly conceptual picture of reality.
N.D. Jones, Of Fear and Faith|I've never seen anyone as beautiful as you, sweetheart. All supple and voluptuous, a mountain of curves I can't wait to climb.
Maurice Blondel|The relationship between truth and reason:"Truth cannot be reached by reason alone!
Tom Gething from "Sabotage"|After the great Impressionists, and again after Van Gogh and Gaugin, people said, 'Painting is now played out.' But Bonnard, Maurice Denis, Roussel and Vuillard appeared and gave them the lie. 'We were wrong,' said the croakers, 'but this at any rate is the end.' Yet to refute them, and to prove that there is no end to art, still another generation of painters sprang up.
John Predmore|Eventually you will find yourself preferring to say, 'Prayer happened, and I was there" more than "I prayed today". All you know is that you are being led, being guided, being loved, being used, being prayed through -- and you are no longer in the drivers seat.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|I am two people. One goes through the motions, rolling from one thing to the next; the other is withdrawn, watching a complete stranger.
Mark F. LaMoure|Never stop growing. The world's tallest redwood trees were all once little nuts, that kept growing regardless of weather, trials or tribulations.
Alberto Moravia, Contempt|They say that, if we manage to live without too great an effort, it is entirely owing to the automatism which makes us unconscious of a great part of our movements. In order to take one single step, it seems, we displace an infinite number of muscles, and yet, thanks to this automatism, we are unaware of it. The same thing happens in our relations with other people.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|He tried to imagine the handsome couple by the refrigerator as two sweaty bodies in a bedroom, one on top of the other. Which did what to the other? Mills kept rotating the two men in his mind, which he never had to do when he imagined straight couples having sex.
Teddy Thompson|In film, you can have sad endings.
Tanya R. Liverman|Know that true change is demonstrated only by your actions around everyone, not just certain people.
Julie James, Just the Sexiest Man Alive|I'm a big believer in first impressions," he finally said. "Tell me what your first thought was when Jason walked into the courtroom."Taylor took a sip of her drink and grinned. This one was easy. "I vowed to hate him forever."Jeremy's brown eyes twinkled at this. "That's exactly what I said nineteen years ago, five minutes after he first walked into our dorm room.
Carla H. Krueger|Allen Ginsberg instructs: "First thought, best thought." Oh, to have my every spontaneous thought count as poetry! No draft after draft like a draft 
skint foodie|In my opinion, if there is one extremely legitimate use for petroleum besides running wood chippers and front-end loaders to handle compost, it's making plastic for season extension. It parks many of the trucks [for cross-country produce transportation]. With the trucks parked, greenhouses, tall tunnels, and more seasonal, localized eating, can we feed ourselves? We still have to answer that burning question.
Tony Fadell|There's something scary, knowing that in Florida, someone can pick you up in a car and drive you to 50 states. Back home, it's like, 'Girl, you're 15 minutes away.'
Goldie Hawn|When a man has lost all happiness, he's not alive. Call him a breathing corpse.
Hans Lindor|Nothing in this world is guaranteed, as life itself is a gamble.
Claire Cook, Must Love Dogs: New Leash on Life|Girlfriends aren’t allowed to care if you have Stilton socks. Friends are.” All the same, she gave her hands a quick, professional shake and took hold of my foot. “Plus, you might be less of a pain in the arse if you got more action.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories|They hate you.""Why?""Cause you're a dick, Mitch.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Working for OSHA is a horrible job to have. You have to ignore the whistle blowers and send them illegal letters saying that you cannot find any problems. I have a lot of those fraudulent letters, as I have been through OSHA twice. Once as the utility company employee and once as the utility company subcontractor employee. It is a disgusting & blatently corrupt system.
Aporva Kala, Alchemist of the East|And what is that thing which you promise to provide?- 'The beauty of the soul and the simplicity of happiness', he replied.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|It was summer and moonlight and we had lemonade to drink, and we held the cold glasses in our hands, and Dad read the stereo-newspapers inserted into the special hat you put on your head and which turned the microscopic page in front of the magnifying lens if you blinked three times in succession.
Melanie Marchande, I Married a Billionaire|In fact,' said Poirot, 'she stabbed him in the dark, not realising that he was dead already, but somehow deduced that he had a watch in his pyjama pocket, took it out, put back the hands blindly and gave it the requisite dent.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|You are not male or female, but a plandeep-set within the heart of man.
Pete Sortwell, The Village Idiot Reviews|A sturdy hold, but I think there's something up with the material.
Santino Hassell, The Interludes|The pleasure of sin is soon gone, but the sting remains.
Richard Dawkins|Never underestimate the intelligence of the audience; make good programmes, and they will come.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|And life? Life itself? Was it perhaps only an infection, a sickening of matter? Was that which one might call the original procreation of matter only a disease, a growth produced by morbid stimulation of the immaterial? The first step toward evil, toward desire and death, was taken precisely then, when there took place that first increase in the density of the spiritual, that pathologically luxuriant morbid growth, produced by the irritant of some unknown infiltration; this, in part pleasurable, in part a motion of self-defense, was the primeval stage of matter, the transition from the insubstantial to the substance. This was the Fall.
Leslie T. Chang|Life is about means not ends. There is no utopia to be gained, there is no end-state that is static and eternal, once accomplished. This was one of the great lies of communism. Likewise, capitalism offers the great deception that thanks to its machinations everyone will be richer in the future, thus justifying gross inequality and humiliation today.
Alessandro Nivola|I don't want to fight aging; I want to take good care of myself, but plastic surgery and all that? I'm not interested.
Bret Hart|I read that Monica Seles got stabbed. And although I have nothing against Monica Seles, I'm glad somebody in sports got stabbed. I like the idea of it; it's good entertainment. If we're lucky, it'll spread through sports. And show business, too! Wouldn't you like to see a guy jump up on stage and stab some famous singer? Especially a real shitty pop singer? Maybe they'll even start stabbing comedians. Fuck it, I'm ready! I never perform without my can of mace. I have a switchblade knife, too. I'll cut your eye out and go right on telling jokes.
Poppy Delevingne|The first series I wrote, 'L.A. Candy,' was always meant to be a three-book series, so when I started out it was all outlined that way and by the time I was done with the third book, I had become so involved and the process and the stories, I was a little bit sad to be done.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|In the seven years or so that had passed since I had last seen him, Sir Magnus Donners had grown not so much older in appearance, as less like a human being.
J. Leigh Bralick, A Dark So Deep|All I’m trying to say is, be kind to yourself. This one life is all we’ve got, and we all make mistakes along the way. Do things we oughtn’t, fail to do those we should. See those moments for what they were. Learn from them what you can. And then stand up a little taller and keep marching forward. In the end it’s how we keep going that matters. The world won’t remember our falls unless we never pick ourselves up.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|I can smell blood, Elena,” Dmitri drawled, walking back into the room. “Are you trying to flirt?
Woody Allen, Side Effects|When you have something good to say, say it. When you have something ill to say, say something else.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Bolivian women sewed their lips shut for days. They threaded needles through their skin to stop their speech, to show what good speaking had done them.
Andie MacDowell|It's amazing, the culture Coach Belichick has been able to create in our system.
Lois Lowry|Stories are compasses and architecture, we navigate by them, we build our sanctuaries and our prisons out of them, and to be without a story is to be lost in the vastness of a world that spreads in all directions like arctic tundra or sea ice.
Czesław Miłosz|To walk quietly until the miracle in everything speaks is poetry, whether we write it down or not.
Maika Monroe|The most amazing set where I've shot 'Game of Thrones' is definitely Croatia, in Dubrovnik. It's such a stunning country with lots of good watersports there as well. Just a beautiful, beautiful place.
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|Our ancestors derived less from life than we do, but they also expected much less and were less intent on controlling the future. We are of the arrogant generations who believe a lasting happiness was promised to us at birth. Promised? By whom?
Tammy Blackwell, Fate Succumbs|Turner let his face fell into his hands. "I'm never going to touch her again", he moaned. "He's never going to touch me again!" they heard Miranda roar."Well,it doesn't look like you'll have much argument from your wife on that point", Olivia chirped.
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Letters|Because thoughts are energy, energy is matter, and matter never disappears...
jihad eltabey|Everyone know—or at least, was probably told as a child—that you can make a wish on a shooting star. Not everyone knows that the only way to be sure it will come ture is to speak it aloud before the star disappears, and this is a nearly imposssible fet to manage.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|The salesgirl, the landlord, the guests, the bystanders, sixteen varieties of social circumstance in a day. Everyone has the power to call your whole life into question here. Too many people have access to your state of mind. Some people are indifferent to dislike, even relish it. Hardly anyone I know.
Garth Brooks|The funny thing about directing is that you have your own opinions, but it's a collaboration. Directing is a group effort. Even though you might think something works, the smartest thing you can do as a director is try and weigh the opinions of the people around you.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Sceptics are persuaded by a good reputation, for it is an unspoken statement of proof.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Divinity School Address|Let each man hear his own music and live by it. The drums roll one way for one man, and another way for another. You have to listen for your own.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Hands - Part 2: Castling|London was so rich, and also so green, and somehow so detailed: full of stuff that had been made, and bought, and placed, and groomed, and shaped, and washed clean, and put on display as if the whole city was for sale.
Oswald Chambers|If they do it often, it isn’t a mistake; it’s just their behavior.
E. Nesbit|This shows you that even mistakes are sometimes valuable, so do not be hard on grown-up people if they are wrong sometimes.
Pauline Seaport|Faith is believing beyond the power of reason, when they're all against you. To one who has faith, no explanation is possible. To one without faith, evidence is necessary.
Daniel Jones, Shadow Gods|Getting closer to the truth is the result of hard work. Truth-seeking means analyzing presuppositions and propositions. It means criticizing evidence as harshly as possible, scouring it from all angles to see how it stands up. We must scrutinize each claim on the table, using each tool available to determine if our acceptance of these claims is justified or not, then forcing ourselves to truly follow the responsible conclusions. If this kind of commitment to truth-seeking is sincere, and if the rules of reasonableness are adhered to, there is hope of productive dialogue between Christians and their opponents.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|He let his guitar swing behind him and cupped my face with his hand. "I love you, Grace Taylor." It barely came out above a whisper from his lips but it echoed throught the microphone. And then he kissed me. In front of everyone, he kissed me. A slow, deep kiss that sent heat from my lips to every other surface of my skin, and completely an utterly set me on fire.
James Hauenstein|Have no regrets in life because of the choices you make. Good or bad, they are a learning experience, to help you grow. The only regret in life, is to never make a choice at all.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Return|If then, Moses so distinctly announces that there is in us not only a faculty, but also a facility for keeping all commandments, why are we sweating so much? ... What need is there now of Christ or of Spirit? We have found a passage that asserts freedom of choice, but also distinctly teaches that the keeping of the commandments is easy.
Tanner Di Bella|I want to live not for selfish gain, but for selfless devotion.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|It’s all I’ve seen, all I’ve been through,” I said, “that makes it damn nearly impossible for me to say anything. I’ve lost the knack of making sense. I speak gibberish to the civilized world, and it replies in kind.
Michel Houellebecq, Whatever|One can’t prescribe books, even the best books, to people unless one knows a good deal about each individual person.
Paul Theroux|Extensive traveling induces a feeling of encapsulation, and travel, so broadening at first, contracts the mind.
Katie Reus, Sweetest Surrender|From the moment they’d met, their friendship had been leading to more…
Mohlalefi j motsima|They said" Your Anger could Destroy you.." Even if my Brain designed it to Destroy my enemy.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|This is what itmeans to create: not to make something out of nothing, but to make order out of chaos. A creative scientist or historian does not makeup facts but orders facts; he sees connections between them rather than seeing them as random data. A creative writer does notmake up new words but arranges familiar words in patterns which say something fresh to us.
Hannah Barnaby, Wonder Show|She had never met Caroline's mother, but she knew a thing or two about what happened when someone went far away, how after a time you couldn't see their faces anymore when you closed your eyes or hear exactly how they laughed at a joke, how they seemed less like a real person whom you loved and more like a character in a story. And once that happened, it was easy, too easy, to let them float away like milkweed.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Besides having been identified recently as the single most important factor in what men find sexy in women, the list of how correct posture influences internal organs and systems, and also mood and general energy, is very long indeed. Your internal environment depends on the efficiency of the flow of elements within it. Obviously, this includes oxygen, blood, hormones and nutrients, but also all interaction between nerves and the brain. The spine, which is your foundation and support, has a natural position that guarantees the efficiency of movement and interaction of the related elements. Your internal organs are all right alongside the spine and depend on its correct position to function well. Any prolonged restriction or deviation from this natural position will result in some, at least partial, dysfunction. Over a long time, the results can be devastating.
Kasie West, Split Second|Look at me, making one of your dreams come true. You and your Norm truck driving around Normville.""You're practically a god.
Ali Shaheed Muhammad|I've been looking at the iPod- the Apple iPod. One of the interesting things about the iPod, one of the things that people love most about it is not the technology; it's the box it comes in.
Tara Brach|Israeli occupation exposes us very young to the extremes of our emotions, until we cannot feel except in the extreme.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, it does not mean that you have submitted, it simply means that you have made a choice to stop bearing any grudge.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter what, if you have the strength of life, it is enough to be thankful.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|First there wasn't, then there was. Before God no one was.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Smile, even when others do not.Care, even when others will not.Love, even when others could not.Give, even when others cannot.
Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy|Kid, don't miss an opportunity to laugh, because laughter is what makes the boot heels of life palatable.
William Blake|By taking the time to stop and appreciate who you are and what you've achieved - and perhaps learned through a few mistakes, stumbles and losses - you actually can enhance everything about you. Self-acknowledgment and appreciation are what give you the insights and awareness to move forward toward higher goals and accomplishments.
Juan Marsé, Golden Girl|I can see that you’re down in the dumps, Unc. Shall we stop working and call Toni?”“And then what?”“I don’t know. But if it so happens that I’m more of your type . . . Would you like me to give you a blow job? That really does the trick when you’re feeling depressed.
Sania Mirza|I think it's really cool, but Jimmy Eat World and Gin Blossoms did it better than anyone. People don't realize just how awesome the Arizona history is, especially for alternative music. Growing up, that's all I ever wanted to be was those two bands.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|We hope that we will live only because we must be with God, as alive as He is.
Sarah Beth Durst, Drink, Slay, Love|Americans invented adolescence. It is not a natural phenomenon. Adolescence is a social construct, created by an urban-industrial society that keeps its young at home far past puberty. Teenage angst is a luxury if a successful modern human conceit that isn't condoned by our superior species.
Esther Williams|The studios gotta start making more stuff where black folks get quality stuff. But I can't trip about that because I've been making movies for 35 years, and I've played everything from an old lady to a donkey, so I can't be on here talking about, 'They don't give us enough roles' and diversity.
Juli Zeh, Spieltrieb|Kein Philosoph würde ein dickes Buch schreiben, wenn er im Vornherein wüsste, auf welche Weise er später zitiert werden wird.
Anon.|Don't cling to a mistake, just because you spent so much time making it.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Live for what you love, and die for what you're unwilling to live without...
James Kavanaugh|What is life if not laughter and love, caring and compassion, fresh bread and crisp radishes?
River Phoenix|There are new words now that excuse everybody. Give me the good old days of heroes and villains, the people you can bravo or hiss. There was a truth to them that all the slick credulity of today cannot touch.
Paul David Tripp|We all look for strategies or techniques that will free us from the pain of relationships and the hard work good relationships demand. We hope that better planning, more effective communication, clear role definitions, conflict resolution strategies, gender studies, and personality typing--to name just a few -- will make the difference. There may be value in these things, but if they were all we needed, Jesus' life, death, and resurrection would be unnecessary or, at best, redundant. Skills and techniques appeal to us because they promise that relational problems can be fixed by tweaking our behavior without altering the bent of our hearts. But the Bible says something very different. It says that Christ is the only real hope for relationships because only he can dig deep enough to address the core motivations and desires of our hearts.Most dangerous aspect of your relationships is not your weakness, but your delusions of strength. Self-reliance is almost always a component of a bad relationship.
Jodi Picoult|A daughter,' Rowley scooped up the child and held her high. The baby blinked from sleep and crowed with him. 'Any fool can have a son,' he said. 'It takes a man to conceive a daughter.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|If companionship is a mandate for all of our experiences, then we will miss out on many of life’s blessings.
Jillian Michaels|Californians are blessed with the remarkable leadership of Gov. Jerry Brown, who... has led our state to firm fiscal footing and brought us to the enviable position of dreaming - and achieving - big dreams again.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Flirting is a woman’s trade, one must keep in practice.
David Baldacci, The Whole Truth|It would actually constitute more than a miracle, he realised. It would take divine intervention plus luck, plus some unknown element of cosmic wizardry.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|It is madness. And if you don't know who you are, or if your real self has drifted away from you with the undertow, madness at least gives you an identity. It's the same with self-loathing. You're probably just normal and normal-looking but that's not a real identity, not the way ugliness is. Normality, just accepting that you're probably normal-looking, lacks the force field of self-disgust. If you don't know who you are, madness gives you something to believe in.
Winston Churchill|The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Hayley Mills|Somebody informed me recently that the key to every art, from writing to gardening to sculpture, is creativity. I beg to differ.
James Lafferty|I started dating older men, and I would fall in love with them. I thought they could teach me about life.
Janet Jackson|There's a lot of wisdom that my dad and my grandparents and my uncle have been able to impart on me, and what I've treasured the most is I've seen examples in my life of people embracing their creativity, not feeling insecure about their artistic inclinations.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after.
Raymond Chandler, The Lady in the Lake|In the corrupted currents of this worldOffence's gilded hand may shove by justice,And oft 'tis seen the wicked prize itselfBuys out the law. . . (Claudius, from Hamlet, Act 3, scene 3)
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.
Nolan Bushnell|Leadership is the other side of the coin of loneliness, and he who is a leader must always act alone. And acting alone, accept everything alone.
Knut Hamsun|The poet must always, in every instance, have the vibrant word... that by it's trenchancy can so wound my soul that it whimpers.... One must know and recognize not merely the direct but the secret power of the word; one must be able to give one's writing unexpected effects. It must have a hectic, anguished vehemence, so that it rushes past like a gust of air, and it must have a latent, roistering tenderness so that it creeps and steals one's mind; it must be able to ring out like a sea-shanty in a tremendous hour, in the time of the tempest, and it must be able to sigh like one who, in tearful mood, sobs in his inmost heart.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Mindfulness helps us see the addictive aspect of self-criticism— a repetitive cycle of flaying ourselves again and again, feeling the pain anew.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Stick-thin, alabaster-pale Etienne LeBlanc runs down the rue de Dinan with Madame Ruelle, the baker’s wife, on his heels: the least-robust rescue ever assembled.
Bmmite|With consistent determination, commitment , persistent, handwork, and faith in God we can make our dreams come true.
Carol Anshaw|Jordana is in the umpire's highchair.I walk under the rugby posts and on to the tennis courts, stopping a few metres in front of her, in the service box.Her legs are crossed.I wait for her to speak.'I have two special skills,' she says.She pulls a sheaf of papers from under her bum. I recognize the font and the text boxes. It's my pamphlet.'Blackmail,' she says.She holds up her Zippo in the other hand. I can tell that she has been practising this.'And pyromania.'I am impressed that Jordana knows this word.'Right,' I say.'I'm going to blackmail you, Ol.'I feel powerless. She is in a throne.'Okay,' I say.
Ann Aguirre, The Queen of Bright and Shiny Things|You're not horrible, Kelsey. You are vibrant and beautiful, and you burn. Burn so vividly. Fires can damage, but they're also beautiful and vital and they can purify and give the chance for a fresh start. You're not horrible. Not at all.
Alan  Garner, Conversationally Speaking: Tested New Ways to Increase Your Personal and Social Effectiveness|Everybody thinks some people are born with the "gift of gab" and some people aren't. But the truth is there is no "gift of gab." People who are good at conversation just know a few simple skills that anyone can learn.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I want to share my story, and I want to know yours. I believe with all my heart that sharing our stories, the real, ugly, broken ones, is one of the most powerful things in the world, because to share our story we must first accept it. We must own it. We must stop running from it or shoving it into the corner when company comes over. To share our story is to admit that we've been changed.
Stefan Molyneux|Most people, if philosophy touches them, they shatter, they atomize, they turn to dust. It is win/lose between philosophy and delusion, and most people are almost entirely composed of delusion. They're only allowed as much reality as serves the masters. But they're not allowed any reality which disturbs their masters...
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Guess what, Jesus loves to walk with us. He loves to be with us all the time—not just in the scheduled time or in the leftovers. The only change He wants is our hearts.Let’s change by rearranging the change.
David Foster Wallace|I guess a bit part of serious fiction’s purpose is to give the reader, who like all of us is sort of marooned in her own skull, to give her imaginative access to other selves.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I must ask myself, “Billy Graham, are you prepared to meet the Master at any moment?” Yes, I am—but not because I have preached or tried to help people, but solely because I am trusting Christ as my Lord and Savior. Stop right now and ask yourself that question.
Ronan Farrow|Once you lose the honesty in a relationship, I mean, I think you don't have a relationship at all.
Extract from Chief Seattle.|I felt deep within me that the highest point a man can attain is not Knowledge, or Virtue, or Goodness, or Victory, but something even greater, more heroic and more despairing: Sacred Awe!” - The Narrator.
Christopher Moore, A Dirty Job|So I am death" Charlie said then turned to his daughter while buttering his toast."This is death toast sweety.
Lewis Black|There are instances where you're in a space with someone who has been extraordinarily successful, and they don't necessarily connect with you as another person. You can be a prop for them to deliver their stuff, and you're just another element in the scene.
Eckhart Tolle|I understood that people are trying to transform themselves all the time: the universal urge to be otherwise. So as not to look as they look, sound as they sound, be treated as they are treated, suffer in the ways they suffer, etc., etc., they change hairdos, tailors, spouses, accents, friends, they change their addresses, their noses, their wallpaper, even their forms of government, all to be more like themselves or less like themselves, or more like or less like that exemplary prototype whose image is theirs to emulate or to repudiate obsessively for life.
Alexandria Marzano-Lesnevich, The Fact of a Body: A Murder and a Memoir|dragonflies circled me, the sun knifing off the brilliant blues and yellows of their bodies.
Frederick Charles Copleston, A History of Philosophy, Vol 1.1 Greece and Rome|Plato's proposals in this matter are abhorrent to all true Christians. His intentions were, of course, excellent, for he desired the greatest possible improvement of the human race; but his good intentions led him to the proposal of measures which are necessarily unacceptable and repugnant to all those who adhere to Christian principles concerning the value of the human personality and the sanctity of human life. Moreover, it by no means follows that what has been found successful in the breeding of animals, will also prove successful when applied to the human race, for man has a rational soul which is not intrinsically dependent on matter but is directly created by Almighty God. Does a beautiful soul always go with a beautiful body or a good character with a strong body? Again, if such measures were successful — and what does "successful" mean in this connection? — in the case of the human race, it does not follow that the Government has the right to apply such measures. Those who to-day follow, or would like to follow, in the footsteps of Plato, advocating, e.g. compulsory sterilisation of the unfit, have not, be it remembered, Plato's excuse, that he lied at a period anterior to the presentation of the Christian ideals and principles. — 230
Stephen King, The Green Mile|This shit about being fearless before death ain't got no quality. How could you say you were fearless about leaving the party, even in stir—even franks and rice taste good when you're hungry, even an iron bar feels good to touch, it feels good to sleep. It's like a party even in maximum security and who wants to walk out of a party into something that nobody knows anything at all about?
Millard Kaufman, Bowl of Cherries|Happiness, it has been observed, is best achieved by those who have been most unhappy heretofore.
Erica Bauermeister, The Lost Art of Mixing|It was interesting. Isabelle thought, the children that chose you. Some come through your body; others came in cars in the middle of the night.
Kim Harrison, Dead Witch Walking|...and on some nights in bed, in that moment before sleep erased the day, I would picture the way the sky in Lapland looked the morning I left, how the train had sped south beneath a sky that was brighter than it had been in weeks. It had pulsed with reds and oranges, as though hiding a beating heart.
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|The interior life is often stupid. Its egoism blinds it and deafens it; its imagination spins out ignorant tales, fascinated. It fancies that the western wind blows on the Self, and leaves fall at the feet of the Self for a reason, and people are watching. A mind risks real ignorance for the sometimes paltry prize of an imagination enriched. The trick of reason is to get the imagination to seize the actual world—if only from time to time.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is. If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there's room to hear more subtle things - that's when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more. Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment. You see so much more than you could see before. It's a discipline; you have to practice it.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|It is the ultimate religion, through which all humans neuropsychologically morph into Buddhas, or Enlightened Beings.
Paula Poundstone|The wages of sin are death, but by the time taxes are taken out, it's just sort of a tired feeling.
Hugo Ball, Flametti, or the Dandyism of the Poor|Admirations are never paid in any way, try to make yourself of what you admire, and it will pay you with originality.
W.K. Marriott, The Prince|A wise man ought always to follow the paths beaten by great men, and to imitate those who have been supreme, so that if his ability does not equal theirs, at least it will savour of it.
Harvey Mackay|In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|TV news is like kryptonite to children. The two major shifts in taste for children to adulthood are news and mustard. Kids hate news and mustard. Well, mustard even has the word 'turd' in it. Maybe I should threaten my kids that if they don't go to bed, I will force them to watch an hour-long newscast about mustard.
Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death|I see no justice in that plan.""Who said," lashed out Isaac Penn, "that you, a man, can always perceive justice? Who said that justice is what you imagine? Can you be sure that you know it when you see it, that you will live long enough to recognize the decisive thunder of its occurrence, that it can be manifest within a generation, within ten generations, within the entire span of human existence? What you are talking about is common sense, not justice. Justice is higher and not as easy to understand -- until it presents itself in unmistakable splendor. The design of which I speak is far above our understanding. But we can sometimes feel its presence."No choreographer, no architect, engineer, or painter could plan more thoroughly and subtly. Every action and every scene has its purpose. And the less power one has, the closer he is to the great waves that sweep through all things, patiently preparing them for the approach of a future signified not by simple human equity (a child could think of that), but by luminous and surprising connections that we have not imagined, by illustrations terrifying and benevolent -- a golden age that will show not what we wish, but some bare awkward truth upon which rests everything that ever was and everything that ever will be. There is justice in the world, Peter Lake, but it cannot be had without mystery.
Ann Marston, The Western King|Bound souls. He had always thought the stories of men and women bound throughout all eternity by the strength of passion, either love or hate, were but pleasant tales for long winter’s nights. Bound souls, two sides of the same counter, together through all the lives of the souls, and forever before and afterward. But he recognized the woman just as surely as she recognized him, and he knew the tales were true.
Christina  Lee|Yesterday I fell completely off the face of the earthContemplating life, light and love in the darkness of the voidStrangely it was in the dark that I found meaning for the light
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|When God knows you're ready for the responsibility of commitment, He'll reveal the right person under the right circumstances.
David Furnish|The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh|Education consensus is through exchange of ideas" Mohamed Osman Abbasheikh
Mensah Oteh|your responsibility is simply to find how things work and those who are already successful then model their beliefs, behaviour, attitude, philosophies and actions and you’ll get similar results
Kerry E. Wagner, Never Let Go of My Hand|Just because you start attempting to do right, doesn’t mean people will let you forget about what you’ve done wrong…Be encouraged
Maya Deren|When an artist is asked to speak about form, you expect something different than when a critic talks about it. Because you think that somewhere between sentences and words, the secret will slip out. I am trying to give you that secret; it isn't a secret at all, but it is building solidly, not using secrets. I had been trying to extend into metaphysical extension; that film is changing, metamorphic; that is, infinite; the idea that the movement of life is totally important rather than a single life. My films were built on an incline, an increase in intensity. I hoped to make a form which was infinite, the changingness of things. I thought I would want to find a total form which conveyed that sense, particularly in reference to an Oriental subject. My impression was: one is walking down a corridor of a hotel. One hears a sound, opens a door and a man is playing; one listens for three minutes and closes the door. The music went on before you opened the door and it continues after you close the door. There was neither beginning nor end. Western music increases in intensity to a climax and then resolves itself. Oriental music is infinite; it goes on and on. The Chinese theater goes on for hours and hours with time for lunch moving scenery, etc.
Rand Paul|We live in a day that nobody's lived in before: where you can touch more people. The message I'll speak tonight and the message that I speak at home, people in India will hear. It's just an amazing day.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Did it ever occur to you that I loved you as much as a man can love a woman? Loved you for years before I finally got you? During the war I'd go away and try to forget you, but I couldn't and I always had to come back. After the war I risked arrest, just to come back and find you. I cared so much I believe I would have killed Frank Kennedy if he hadn't died when he did. I loved you but I couldn't let you know it. You're so brutal to those who love you, Scarlett. You take their love and hold it over their heads like a whip.
Seamus Heaney, Station Island|The main thing is to writefor the joy of it. Cultivate a work-lustthat imagines its haven like your hands at nightdreaming the sun in the sunspot of a breast.You are fasted now, light-headed, dangerous.Take off from here.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|Social systems are neither a consumer product that we can buy or rent from the market nor a material that we can import from another country. It is not a creation of the almighty gifted from the heavens. A social system is a creation of mankind. That is a reflection of our responsibilities. In other words, the social system is the result of our behavior and the decisions we take in our way of life.
Eduard Shevardnadze|There aren't very many good models of feminine rage - and the ones that we remember are ones where women take that anger internally and implode themselves in a real way, like Anna Karenina or Emma Bovary.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Joy is all around me, and I celebrate it all.
Scott Hastie|Be brave enough to never yearnFor that you cannot hold closeIn your heart forever.Tread lightly, cherish compassionAnd live in the moment without fear.
Cat Clarke, Entangled|Okay, don't get mad." She pulled out my stake --- or at least something that looked like my stake,only the hilt of it was now covered in bright blue crystals and diamond-like gems."You Bedazzled my stake?""Um ... Surprise," April said, "Just because you're hunting nasty stuff doesn't mean you can't do it in style.
Susan Pollack|If there is moral insanity," he said in a conspiratorial whisper, "then there may be the reverse, immoral sanity, if you will, that comes upon one suddenly, like a fever.
Sean Penn|Movies are open doors, and at every door, I change character and life... I live for the present always. I accept this risk. I don't deny the past, but it's a page to turn.
Mark Twain|This nation is like all the others that have been spewed upon the earth--ready to shout for any cause that will tickle its vanity or fill its pocket. What a hell of a heaven it will be when they get all these hypocrites assembled there!- Letter to J. H. Twichell, 1/29/1901
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Never underestimate the power of kindness. It is very contagious. A person whose heart is saddened by the troubles of this world, the loss of a friend or family member, a hard days work, or the struggle of provision can experience joy through a simple act of kindness. Romans 12: 10-12, Be kindly affectionate to one another with brotherly love, in honor giving preference to one another, not lagging in diligence, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continually steadfastly in prayer.
Peter J. Tanous|The three Secrets of Fatima were closely held by the Vatican for decades, until the text of the third and last secret was finally released in 2000.
Park Chan-wook|Forgiveness is hard for me, man. It is for most American-Western males. It's a sign of weakness.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|Adornment, what a science! Beauty, what a weapon! Modesty, what elegance!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|This light of history is pitiless; it has a strange and divine quality that, luminous as it is, and precisely because it is luminous, often casts a shadow just where we saw a radiance; out of the same man it makes two different phantoms, and the one attacks and punishes the other, the darkness of the despot struggles with the splendor of the captain. Hence a truer measure in the final judgment of the nations. Babylon violated diminishes Alexander; Rome enslaved diminishes Caesar; massacred Jerusalem diminishes Titus. Tyranny follows the tyrant. Woe to the man who leaves behind a shadow that bears his form.
Brynn Myers, Entasy|As the red-haired female watched, it was obvious she could not process what was happening. It was as though she had never seen anything magical; her fear had her locked in place, unable to move. 	In her reality, humans didn’t “feed” off of other humans, but the Sluagh were not human. They were demons and ghosts that haunt and invade. They were your darkest fears. The nightmarish creatures were a part of folklore passed down from generation to generation. The Sluagh were in essence rejected by heaven and hell, existing in the human realm only to consume souls. Humans were blinded by the magic that existed in the world. They assumed fairytales were just someone’s wild imagination, creative tales told to delight and frighten children. It was this lack of acknowledgement that made humans the perfect prey for these outcasts.
Shannon L. Alder|If you were born with the ability to change someone’s perspective or emotions, never waste that gift. It is one of the most powerful gifts God can give—the ability to influence.
Auliq Ice|Spending time to learn and to gather better information is what we do most in our lives. We go to school, spend time there, and learn things important in our life. We do this only for one reason, to be happy.
John Perry Barlow|«Brixie wasn’t talking to him, or listening to him. Nothing like that at all. Brixie was off in her own world, flaming away like a blowtorch. She was such an Internet fiend that she had never learned any other way to behave.»
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Engage people with what they expect; it is what they are able to discern and confirms their projections. It settles them into predictable patterns of response, occupying their minds while you wait for the extraordinary moment — that which they cannot anticipate.
Antwone Quenton Fisher, Finding Fish: A Memoir|Halfway home, the sky goes from dark gray to almost black and a loud thunder snap accompanies the first few raindrops that fall. Heavy, warm, big drops, they drench me in seconds, like an overturned bucket from the sky dumping just on my head. I reach my hands up and out, as if that can stop my getting wetter, and open my mouth, trying to swallow the downpour, till it finally hits me how funny it is, my trying to stop the rain.This is so funny to me, I laugh and laugh, as loud and free as I want. Instead of hurrying to higher ground, I jump lower, down off the curb, splashing through the puddles, playing and laughing all the way home. In all my life till now, rain has meant staying inside and not being able to go out to play. But now for the first time I realize that rain doesn't have to be bad. And what's more, I understand, sadness doesn't have to be bad, either. Come to think of it, I figure you need sadness, just as you need the rain.Thoughts and ideas pour through my awareness. It feels to me that happiness is almost scary, like how I imagine being drunk might feel - real silly and not caring what anybody else says. Plus, that happy feeling always leaves so fast, and you know it's going to go before it even does. Sadness lasts longer, making it more familiar, and more comfortable. But maybe, I wonder, there's a way to find some happiness in the sadness. After all, it's like the rain, something you can't avoid. And so, it seems to me, if you're caught in it, you might as well try to make the best of it.Getting caught in the warm, wet deluge that particular day in that terrible summer full of wars and fires that made no sense was a wonderful thing to have happen. It taught me to understand rain, not to dread it. There were going to be days, I knew, when it would pour without warning, days when I'd find myself without an umbrella. But my understanding would act as my all-purpose slicker and rubber boots. It was preparing me for stormy weather, arming me with the knowledge that no matter how hard it seemed, it couldn't rain forever. At some point, I knew, it would come to an end.
Marcus Aurelius|There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
Robert Vanleeuwen|We should look at every woman as we look to our daughters. It is then we find the will to empower, a love that adores & the courage to protect. It is then & only then - we give all women true respect.
Christina Engela, Blachart|Alone"From childhood’s hour I have not been As others were—I have not seen As others saw—I could not bring My passions from a common spring— From the same source I have not taken My sorrow—I could not awaken My heart to joy at the same tone— And all I lov’d—I lov’d alone— Then—in my childhood—in the dawn Of a most stormy life—was drawn From ev’ry depth of good and ill The mystery which binds me still— From the torrent, or the fountain— From the red cliff of the mountain— From the sun that ’round me roll’d In its autumn tint of gold— From the lightning in the sky As it pass’d me flying by— From the thunder, and the storm— And the cloud that took the form (When the rest of Heaven was blue) Of a demon in my view—
Christopher Barzak, The Love We Share Without Knowing|Buddha had said to make a light of yourself, and if Laurie had anything to say about it, one day he’d glow.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|Special Logan Kiss...Yeah, but you didn't know that I'd recited how i felt for you right then, in that moment, in my mins. The words flowed silently, so easily. There's no mistaking them. When I gave you those kisses, I was telling myself and you....He peck my nose "I..."He kisses my forehead "..LOVE.."My heart swells asHe presses his lips to my chin, then he whispers " YOU...
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|We come to the end of suffering, through suffering.
Christine Grän, Die Hochstaplerin|Men are bad cyclists, hunters of wild animals, kamikazes, samurai and Christian martyrs.
Jennie Allen, Anything: The Prayer That Unlocked My God and My Soul|Pride measures prosperity not by her own advantages but by the disadvantages of others. She would not even wish to be a goddess unless there were some wretches left whom she could order about and lord it over, whose misery would make her happiness seem all the more extraordinary, whose poverty can be tormented and exacerbated by a display of her wealth. This infernal serpent, pervading the human heart, keeps men from reforming their lives, holding them back like a suckfish.
Madeleine L'Engle, Two-Part Invention: The Story of a Marriage|Love of music, of sunsets and sea; a liking for the same kind of people; political opinions that are not radically divergent; a similar stance as we look at the stars and think of the marvelous strangeness of the universe - these are what build a marriage. And it is never to be taken for granted.
Angela Merkel|My mother's father, Hobart Cromwell, was a bacteriologist with Abbott Laboratories in suburban Chicago. I never got to know him well, as he died very young, but he was always a heroic figure in our family, wise and gentle and intelligent by reputation, with the courage to fight against the McCarthyites.
Thomas Szasz, Ceremonial Chemistry: The Ritual Persecution of Drugs, Addicts and Pushers|Nowadays the job of the judge is not to do justice. The judge is more of a functionary . He's like a civil servant whose job is to interpret words written down by another branch of the government, whether those words are just or not.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There|No matter how intently one studies the hundred little dramas of the woods and meadows, one can never learn all the salient facts about any one of them.
Wendy Kopp|I had to deal with terrorist finance. And we had to, if you like, ensure that the accounts of people who were guilty of terrorist finance or using their accounts for terrorist finance were closed down. So we had to do asset freezing.
Catherine Deveny, Use Your Words: A Myth-Busting, No-Fear Approach to Writing|You know how I say, ‘Don’t ask anyone how to get somewhere unless they have been there?’ Well, I have been there – I have written, been published, found success, and experienced self-doubt, frustration, anger and disappointment along the way … But you know what? I have not been to the place you’re going to. This is your journey. Your destination. Disregard everything in this book. Or embrace it. Better yet: cherry pick. It’s your life.
Erasmus Darwin, The Botanic Garden. Part 1: The Economy of Vegetation|Gadzooks you plagiaries of truth, for twas foreseen by mine own eyes that this world is flat and straddled by two platypus's being ridden by a sea horse........
Theodore Dalrymple|There is nothing that an intellectual less likes to change than his mind, or a politician his policy.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|And those of us who trust ourselves the least,Who doubt and question most, these, it may be,Will make their mark upon eternity,And youth will turn to them as to a feast.The time may come when a man who confessedHis self-doubts will be ranked among the blessedWho never suffered anguish or knew fear,Whose times were times of glory and good cheer,Who lived like children, simple happy lives.For in us too is part of that Eternal MindWhich through the aeons calls to brothers of its kind:Both you and I will pass, but it survives.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|We hang out, we help one another, we tell one another our worst fears and biggest secrets, and then just like real sisters, we listen and don't judge.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|To the bachelor, the language of women is mystery. In those matters, a married man is already a scholar
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|If our minds are blocked, there is no device that will make up for our inability to communicate with ourselves or others.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|The first attempt may fail, but it does not create room for excuses.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|But if one had everything one could ever need or want, what was left to dream of?
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|It can be unhelpful to wax eloquent about the inerrancy of Scripture without an accompanying acknowledgment that, while Scripture may be inerrant, there are no inerrant interpreters of Scripture.
Brian Francis, Natural Order|On the drive up here, I saw a goose," he says. "A Canada goose. Fred told me they shit something horrible. They migrate between the north and the south, don't they? Like seniors.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Oh when our hope be shakenOh when the trouble be overtakenOh when the storm be a token Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of our MakerThen shall our peace within be awakenThen shall our peace within be awakenOh when the peace we want, dwindles!Oh when the life we want, is found in the shackles!Oh when the doors of sleeplessness is opened to us!Oh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our lives.Then shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when the storms of life; seem to triumph over our livesOh when the relation with our maker; shakes at the appearance of the lightOh when life, shows its hazardous side.Oh when yet, we understand the solemn ways of God. Then shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when we rest in the belly of troublesOh when our skill seems not workingOh when the test seems not endingOh when yet, we understand the solemn path of GodThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when we are entangled; in the worsened economic lifeOh when the hurdles of life; escalates to the apex in mightOh when our strength fades awayOh when yet, we are shown the solemn path of our livesThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshakenOh when our achievements, be at the apex Oh when our joy, be made perfectOh when we sleep soundly in fervent!Oh when yet, we understand the solemn paths of GodThen shall our peace within be unshakenThen shall our peace within be unshaken
James Patterson, The Final Warning|I want to do it too!” said Gazzy, sitting very, very quietly, completely motionless.“Nope,” said Nudge, shaking her head. “You stand out like a fart in church.
Scott K. Edinger, The Hidden Leader: Discover and Develop Greatness Within Your Company|A person's integrity develops early in life. Once formed, it is difficult to alter, change, or improve.
Tryon Edwards|The man Dickens, whom the world at large thought it knew, stood for all the Victorian virtues - probity, kindness, hard work, sympathy for the down-trodden, the sanctity of domestic life - even as his novels exposed the violence, hypocrisy, greed, and cruelty of the Victorian age.
Maimonides, The Guide for the Perplexed|Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Prayer is for every moment of our lives, not just for times of suffering or joy. Prayer is really a place, a place where you meet God in genuine conversation.
George MacDonald|I can but pray the Father o' a' to haud his e'e upon her, an' his airms aboot her, an' keep aff the hardenin' o' the hert 'at despises coonsel!
Morrissey|How can anybody say they know how I feel? The only one around here who is me, is ME.
Dave Eggers|This war has made racists of too many of the and too many of us, and it is the leadership in Khartoum that has stoked this fire, that has brought to the surface, and in some cases created from whole cloth, new hatreds that have bred unprecedented acts of brutality.
Lauren Miller|The best part of having superpowersis that most of the time other people do not even know that you have them— like when Peter Parker goes paintballing,people just think he is a really awesome paintballer,and he totally gets away with using his Spidey senses,and when Aquaman is on OkCupid,and he says he spends a lot of timethinking about global warming, people just think he’s a conscientiousdude, and on the days that I get out of bed and put on appropriate workplace attireand eat three meals, none of which are Hot Pockets,people can’t even tell that right then,at that moment,I am using my superpowers.Anxiety is your body’s response to perceived dangerand mine is so strongyou would have to call it a superpower.It never gives up;It is always looking for a fight;It is the fiercest part of me.
C.S. Lewis|If there is a wasp in the room, I’d like to be able to see it.
Lemony Snicket, The Lump of Coal|Knowing there's one thing I still haven't told you: I now believe, by the way, that miracles can happen. 
Wesley Chu, Time Salvager|He was the friend of my life. You know, you only have one friend like that; there can't be two.
Adalbert Stifter, Brigitta, with Abdias, Limestone & the Forest Path|How great inexperience and innocence is. On the authority of their parents they go to a place where they could meet their death; for the Zirder in flood is very dangerous and, given the ignorance of the children, can be incalculably dangerous. But they know nothing of death. Even if they speak its name, they do not know its essence and their aspiring life has no feeling for annihilation. If they were on the brink of death themselves, they would not know it and they would die before they found it out.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|Today and tomorrow is an illusion, days are all joined together, and if you are waiting for your time, you are wasting your time.
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|This was the problem with having walls so hard and high and unscalable, she supposed. When they came down, they crumbled completely, shattering into nothingness. She felt utterly defenseless right now.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Love, happiness, peace - these are not final destinations. They are in every moment, every breath, everything.
Joanne M. Friedman, Horses in the Yard|The woman recovering from abuse or other stressful life situations may feel she's in no way in charge of anything, least of all her own world. She faces the horse with trepidation. The horse senses the fear and becomes tense and concerned. The wise instructor starts small. The woman is handed a soft brush and sent to fuss over the horse. It's pointed out that if she stands close to the animal, she will be out of range of a well-aimed kick. She is warned to watch for tell-tale signs of fear in herself and the horse. She's warned to keep her feet out from under the horse's stomping hoof. They're both allowed to back away and regroup and try again until they reach an accord regarding personal space. Calm prevails, and within a few minutes, hours or sessions, interaction becomes friendship. It happens almost every time a woman is allowed enough time and space to work through the situation.So a woman whose daily life is overwhelming her learns to step back. Is this a cure for her endless problems? Of course not. Simple is not simplistic.
S.J. Kincaid, The Diabolic|Our ancestors sought knowledge, but we, their descendants, glorify ignorance.
Kevin McCarthy|One of the aims of higher education is to broaden perspectives, and what better way than by a home stay in a really different country, like Bangladesh or Senegal? Time abroad also leaves one more aware of the complex prism of suspicion through which the United States is often viewed.
Christina Engela, For Love of Leelah|Beauty... Is what you are after a lifetime of struggle in the face of hostility, surviving, and standing scarred and unafraid, triumphant before your enemies.
Sanhita Baruah|No matter how "normal" people look, living "ordinary" lives, everyone has a story to tell. And may be, just like you, everyone else is a misfit too.
Joss Stirling, Angel Dares|Please?” asked the girl.“I AM BUSY. I AM TRYING TO FIX CONTINENTAL DRIFT.”“I…didn’t know it was broken.”Uriel’s face became more animated, his speech faster.“IT HAS BEEN BROKEN FOR FIVE WEEKS AND FIVE DAYS. I THINK IT BROKE WHEN I RELOADED NEW ZEALAND FROM A BACKUP COPY, BUT I DO NOT KNOW WHY. MY SYNCHRONIZATION WAS IMPECCABLE AND THE CHANGE PROPAGATED SIMULTANEOUSLY ACROSS ALL SEPHIROT. I THINK SOMEBODY BOILED A GOAT IN ITS MOTHER’S MILK. IT IS ALWAYS THAT. I KEEP TELLING PEOPLE NOT TO DO IT, BUT NOBODY LISTENS.
Deepak Chopra|If the fate of the universe was decided in a single moment at the instant of the Big Bang , that was the most creative moment of all.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|I don't like work--no man does--but I like what is in the work--the chance to find yourself. Your own reality--for yourself not for others--what no other man can ever know. They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|The circumstance of the mind is equivalent to the circumstance of your reality and a pure sign of the justification of the universe. Positive energy equals a positive well being and the manifestation of positive things thereof.Do you have the wherewithal to be positive? Do you hold the key to your destiny or the barrier to your dismay? Insightful are those with an open ear and an open heart to these principles. Are you on the right track? Whether you say yes or no to this question, your reality is a direct reflection.
George Weigel|Corporations are not legal “persons” with constitutional rights and freedoms of their own, but legal fictions that we created and must therefore control.
Marie Kondō, The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing|Marathon tidying produces a heap of garbage. At this stage, the one disaster that can wreak more havoc than an earthquake is the entrance of that recycling expert who goes by the alias of "mother.
Avijeet Das|We have conversations most nights, Sylvia Plath and me. On these cold wintry nights with our coffee mugs in hand, we talk for hours and hours, Sylvia Plath and me!
Jean Little, Orphan at My Door: The Home Child Diary of Victoria Cope|If every woman had a direwolf, men would be much sweeter.
Miranda Kenneally, Breathe, Annie, Breathe|Scotland is a soggy sort it place, where birds and animals walk around uncooked
Sue Leaf, The Bullhead Queen: A Year on Pioneer Lake|Perhaps it is always summer, in the place where we are young.
Angelos Michalopoulos, Basking in the wrong kind of sunshine|When a man decides to destroy his past, he automatically ends up destroying the part of his future that he will need the most
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|No I contradict myself. Picasso he do too. He say pull out your brain, yes, he also say, 'Painting is a blind man's profession' and 'To draw you must close your eyes and sing.' And Michelangelo, he say he sculpts with his brains, not his eyes. Yes. Everything ia true at once. Life is contradiction. We take in every lesson. We find what works. Okay, now pick up the charcoal and draw.
Robert Walser, Oppressive Light: Selected Poems by Robert Walser|My cheeks are red hot,my lip still trembles,because I sent my heartto speak; every word of itdelusional and awkward,an exuberance, an abrupt sound.That's how I spoke, oh, it stillshows on my hot cheeksI'm now carrying home.I look down at the snowand walk past many houses,past many hedges, many trees,the snow adorns hedge, tree and house.I walk on, staring downat the snow, on my cheeksnothing but red-hot memoryreminding me of my wild talk.
Rajesh Walecha|Practice diligence, intelligence will follow you.
Rick Perry|Loving the church also means having the courage to make difficult, trying choices, having ever before oneself the good of the church and not one's own.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Studies in the Sermon on the Mount|When they were partially up the stairs and mostly out of earshot, Sin looked at Boyd again. 'Don't get killed or I'll be very annoyed with you.
Annie Lennox|Never categorize yourself, society does that to you, don't do it to yourself.
Walt Disney Company|In chemistry, our theories are crutches; to show that they are valid, they must be used to walk... A theory established with the help of twenty facts must explain thirty, and lead to the discovery of ten more.
Marian Anderson|Everyone has a gift for something, even if it is the gift of being a good friend.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.
Dean Henryson, A Love in Darkness|What if all religiouns were stories, and all stories were true?
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A praying mother symbolizes grace, strength and wisdom; she is an icon of productivity and ingenuity.
Darcey Bussell|I love making music, but if you make something that inspires somebody else to make something, without getting too airy-fairy, you've contributed to the zeitgeist in some way, and that's just an amazing feeling.
M.I.A.|People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid.
William James, The Will to Believe, Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|Belief and doubt are living attitudes, and involve conduct on our part. Our only way, for example, of doubting, or refusing to believe, that a certain thing is, is continuing to act as if it were not.
Michael Vito Tosto|A human being must have an auxiliary means of discovering the truth, a means that exists outside of his own belief or outside any alleged revelation. Otherwise…well, who’s to say he isn’t insane?
Jon Fishman|Over the course of time this gave us a deep respect for ideas, both our own and those of others, and an understanding that conflict through debate is a powerful means of revealing truth.
Hélène Cixous|Writing is the delicate, difficult, and dangerous means of succeeding in avowing the unavowable.
Eudora Welty, One Writer's Beginnings|Long before I wrote stories, I listened for stories. Listening for them is something more acute than listening to them. I suppose it’s an early form of participation in what goes on. Listening children know stories are there. When their elders sit and begin, children are just waiting and hoping for one to come out, like a mouse from its hole.
Deyth Banger|I mostly liked the thought which was said in the film Person of Interest "If you think that chess is the life, you must lose", incrediable thought. With this though you can reach a position when you can say all people are different or probably further. But the question is how much further can you reach?
Marty Robbins|Inside each of us, there is the seed of both good and evil. It's a constant struggle as to which one will win. And one cannot exist without the other.
Dada Bhagwan|The one whose egoism is gone, he becomes God. One is a mortal (jivatma) as long as there is egoism and if his egoism goes away, he becomes the eternal Absolute Supreme Soul (Paramatma).
P.J. Sullivan, Mostly Rapscallions: Salient Sillies about the Rich and Infamous in History|I am all that hath been, and is, and shall be; and my veil no mortal has hitherto raised.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|What an unreliable thing is time--when I want it to fly, the hours stick to me like glue. And what a changeable thing, too. Time is the twine to tie our lives into parcels of years and months. Or a rubber band stretched to suit our fancy. Time can be the pretty ribbon in a little girl's hair. Or the lines in your face, stealing your youthful colour and your hair. .... But in the end, time is a noose around the neck, strangling slowly.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|What has seven editions (the book had already gone into no less) got to do with the value of it? Was not writing poetry a secret transaction, a voice answering a voice? So that all this chatter and praise and blame and meeting people who admired one and meeting people who did not admire one was as ill suited as could be to the thing itself — a voice answering a voice.
Helen Macdonald|Gos was still out there in the forest, the dark forest to which all things lost must go. I'd wanted to slip across the borders of this world into that wood and bring back the hawk White lost. Some part of me that was very small and old had known this, some part of me that didn't work according to the everyday rules of the world but with the logic of myths and dreams. And that part of me had hoped, too, that somewhere in that other world was my father. His death had been so sudden. there had been no time to prepare for it, no sense in it happening at all. He could only be lost. He was out there, still, somewhere out there in that tangled wood with all the rest of the lost and dead. I know now what those dreams in spring had meant, the ones of a hawk slipping through a rent in the air into another world. I'd wanted to fly with the hawk to find my father; find him and bring him home.
Susan Sontag, Reborn: Journals and Notebooks, 1947-1963|If lots of men around you are growing a beard just because of political or ideological reasons, you refuse this, and if you have a beard, shave it off! Leave your herd to find yourself! Find your own style, not the style your ideology or your party is dictating on you! Remember, you build a sound character mostly through refusing, through saying no, through staying different!
Dada Bhagwan|The value is not in the art, whether there are more artists or less artists, the value depends on it.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|Teddy shuddered. The idea of the sublime little bird being plucked from the sky, of its exquisite song being interrupted in full flight, was horrible to him.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t let your outer pain, misery, and suffering touch your inner calmness and happiness.
Kim Harrison, Pale Demon|All right,’ Nico relented. ‘Maybe a little …’ He managed to take off his aviator jacket and wad it into a pillow before he keeled over and began to snore.
Benjamin Netanyahu|The answer for healthcare is market incentives, not healthcare by a Godzilla-sized government bureaucracy.
Kate C. Conner|Sometimes a policeman must confront people about lying. No one likes to be called a liar. But it is what it is! A fact is a fact! If someone is a liar, put them on notice. You should not be punished for doing the right thing. It is the job of a good investigator to get the truth.
J.J. Scarisbrick|I will never listen to ocean waves or view a beautiful sunset in quite the same way again. That is perhaps the greatest gift one can gain by delving into calculus: It is a whole new way of looking at the world, accessible only through the realm of mathematics.
rassool jibraeel snyman|All the evidence of history suggests that man is indeed a rational animal, but with a near infinite capacity for folly. . . . He draws blueprints for Utopia, but never quite gets it built. In the end he plugs away obstinately with the only building material really ever at hand--his own part comic, part tragic, part cussed, but part glorious nature.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|I'm learning to practice gratitude for a healthy body, even if it's rounder than I'd like it to be. I’m learning to take up all the space I need, literally and figuratively, even though we live in a world that wants women to be tiny and quiet. To feed one’s body, to admit one’s hunger, to look one's appetite straight in the eye without fear or shame—this is controversial work in our culture. Part of being a Christian means practicing grace in all sorts of big and small and daily ways, and my body gives me the opportunity to demonstrate grace, to make peace with imperfection every time I see myself in the mirror. On my best days, I practice grace and patience with myself, knowing that I can't extend grace and patience if I haven't tasted it.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|She said that the mummy and the daddy took their daughter up onto the moor. They had a picnic. They’d brought all of her favourite food – cheese sandwiches on white bread with the crusts cut off and strawberry-pink cupcakes – and when the little girl had finished eating, she looked around for her mummy and the daddy. But they’d gone. They’d left Evelyn on the moor by herself.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Her heart did a backflip against her ribs. No, she told it. You do not fall for a necromancer whose orgasm sets the bed on fire.
Ronnie McBrayer, How Far Is Heaven?: Rediscovering the Kingdom of God in the Here and Now|You will not find Jesus in heaven, reclining on a cloud. He isn’t in church on Sunday morning, sitting in the pews. He isn’t locked away in the Vatican or held hostage by a denominational seminary. Rather, Jesus is sitting in the Emergency Room, an uninsured, undocumented immigrant needing healing. He is behind bars, so far from his parole date he can’t think that far into the future. He is homeless, evicted from his apartment, waiting in line at the shelter for a bed and a cup of soup. He is the poor child living in government housing with lice in his hair, the stripes of abuse on his body and a growl in his stomach. He is an old forgotten woman in a roach infested apartment who no one thinks of anymore. He is a refugee in Sudan, living in squalor. He is the abused and molested child who falsely feels responsible for the evil that is perpetrated against her. He is the young woman who hates herself for the decisions she has made, decisions that have imperiled her life, but did the best she could, torn between impossible choices. Jesus is anyone without power, ability or the means to help themselves, and he beckons us to come to him; not on a do-gooding crusade, but in solidarity and embrace.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Men|The small hopes and plans and pleasures of children should be tenderly respected by grown-up people, and never rudely thwarted or ridiculed.
Kristin Bartley Lenz, The Art of Holding On and Letting Go|Besides, I kind of like my face intact like this, two eyes, one nose, one mouth, a full set of teeth, which, if I'm being honest, is one of my better features.
D.B. Reynolds, Raphael|God, I love men." She got up from the desk, walked to him, cupped his face in her hands andgave him a smacking kiss on the mouth. "You're just so cute."One hard tug on her hand had her tumbling into his lap. An instant later her quick laugh was cutoff, and her heart pounding.He hadn't kissed her this way before, with impatience and heat and hunger all mixed together in anear brutal assault. He hadn't kissed her as if he couldn't get enough. Would never get en
Tonny K. Brown|I have never seen as far, than those times I have looked through someone else's perspective.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|Looking back few friends had webut I've got him and he's got me.And when the golden minute comeswhen we no longer wake to smellthe river where the wild swans sailedthe orchard where the blossoms fell,we'll smile a little thinkin' of that.Me in my shirt-tails, him with his whiskersme and the cat.
Kate Hasbrouck, Homecoming|You can’t say ‘Oh my stars.’ ‘Oh my stars’ is not a thing, and it makes no sense. The whole point of that saying is that you’re calling out to someone for help, and stars are not ‘someone,’ and certainly not capable of helping.” The words were out and gone before I realized what was happening. Grace just stared back at me, and I wanted so badly to shake the girl and make her realize that life couldn’t be all overalls and pink rain boots and guardian stars. I wanted to make her realize that sometimes you had to work.
Debasish Mridha|Be brave. Be kind. Be simple. Above all, be crazy with love.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Had I catalogued the downsides of parenthood, "son might turn out to be a killer" would never have turned up on the list. Rather, it might have looked something like this:1. H
William Hazlitt|The path of genius is free, and its own
Andrew Jackson|I always believed that when you follow your heart or your gut, when you really follow the things that feel great to you, you can never lose, because settling is the worst feeling in the world.
Prince Akwarandu|You cannot let a fear of failure, or a fear of comparison, or a fear of judgement stop you from doing what's going to make you great. You cannot succeed without this risk of failure, you cannot have a voice without the risk of criticism and you cannot love without the risk of loss. You must go out and take these risk. … Do what’s uncomfortable, and scary, and hard, but pays off in the long run. Be willing to fail. Let yourself fail. Fail in the way and the place where you would want to fail. Fail, pick yourself up and fail again. Because without this struggle, what is your success anyway?
Jen Klein|If you can see only what light reveals and hear only what sound announces, then in truth you do not see nor do you hear.
Robert S. McNamara|In order to do good, you may have to engage in evil
Alice Callahan, The Science of Mom: A Research-Based Guide to Your Baby's First Year|I believe that many sacrifices need to be made in order to do your best as a parent, but I also believe you don't have to abandon your whole life.
Janelle Monae|A relationship book I once read told women to use the word 'fun' whenever possible. The author claimed it had a subliminal aphrodisiac effect on men, who want a relaxed girl attached only to good times - the human equivalent of Diet Coke. This is not me.
Mo Farah|I have always been a bit of an introvert. In fact, my dad used to force me to meet people so that my interpersonal skills improve. As an individual, I was happiest when left alone.
Kasi Blake, Vampires Rule|You aren’t a vampire.” Silver's voice mirrored his shock. She repeated the phrase with a huge smile on her face. “You aren’t a vampire!” “They don’t call me Jackpot for nothing,” he joked.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, The Haunted Baronet And Others: Ghost Stories 1861-70|When you are sad, do not bow your head in despair, lift it up; you can see and fight better when your head is up!
Jonathan Sacks|All the United States, it is a society that is split like to the bottom, that had very poor people in the country that is one of the wealthiest countries.
Brenda Rothert, Barely Breathing|What is it, then, that comprises our deepest selves and gives us worth?
Adam Phillips, On Kindness|The pleasure of kindness is that it connects us with others; but the terror of kindness is that it makes us too immediately aware of our own and other people’s vulnerabilities (vulnerabilities that we are prone to call failings when we are at our most frightened). Vulnerability—particularly the vulnerability we call desire—is our shared biological inheritance. Kindness, in other words, opens us up to the world (and worlds) of other people in ways that we both long for and dread. How can people, from childhood onward, feel confident enough to take such risks?
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|There is no end. There is no cure. It gets worse with time. Cure. How can you cure an institution, we are bricks crumbling in the walls of despair. Death is inevitable for us all. But the insanity is here to stay.
Debasish Mridha|When love is your power, then you will not have anything to fear.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|None of us can undo what we've done, or relive a life already recorded. But, ... there is no such thing as "too late" in life.
Cesar Millan|I try to work out my mind more these days. I try to eat right. I don't drink, I don't smoke, and I take the skin off chicken. But I'm not on no special diet. I like my steak and potatoes, ice cream, doughnuts.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|Within the universe of the extraordinary, those qualities we designate to human concepts of gender are often shared, exchanged, or even completely obliterated. Because of this mixture of traits, these twins called Genius and Madness often appear to be the same thing. They both have a tendency to blur the lines of what we call norms, or established reality. They both, when we study that grand tapestry known as history and modern-day society, tend to stand out in much bolder relief than other figures.-- from Dancing with Madness, Dancing with Genius
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|You have to make your peace with Kaden, and he with you. You are not on opposite sides anymore. Do you understand?
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Choose your thoughts and beliefs wisely.Be your own best friend, and not your enemy.
Ayn Rand|Man’s mind is his basic tool of survival. Life is given to him, survival is not. His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. His mind is given to him, its content is not. To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action. He cannot obtain his food without a knowledge of food and of the way to obtain it. He cannot dig a ditch – or build a cyclotron – without a knowledge of his aim and of the means to achieve it. To remain alive, he must think.	“But to think is an act of choice. The key to what you so recklessly call ‘human nature,’ the open secret you live with, yet dread to name, is the fact that man is a being of volitional consciousness. Reason does not work automatically; thinking is not a mechanical process; the connections of logic are not made by instinct. The function of your stomach, lungs, or heart is automatic; the function of your mind is not. In any hour and issue of your life, you are free to think or to evade that effort. But you are not free to escape from your nature, from the fact that reason is your means of survival – so that for you, who are a human being, the question ‘to be or not to be’ is the question ‘to think or not to think.’ . . . 	“Man has no automatic code of survival. His particular distinction from all other living species is the necessity to act in the face of alternatives by means of volitional choice. . . Man must obtain his knowledge and choose his actions by a process of thinking, which nature will not force him to perform. Man has the power to act as his own destroyer – and that is the way he has acted through most of his history (pages 1012-1013).
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you want to be a graduate student, you have to fall in love with reading.
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|What’s wrong is that every morning and every night, I lie in bed wondering why you’re not beside me.
K.D. Wood, Unwilling|Oh my God," Mrs. McIntire screamed. She'd dropped to her knees, the dark sand and water soaking into her jeans. "Neely!"	Mr. McIntire held his wife while she screeched her daughter's name over and over. "She's going to be fine, sweetie," he kept saying.	I really wanted to believe him.	"Is she on the other side?" I paced the shore. I couldn't see anything except a piece of driftwood lying at the water's edge. "I don't see her."	Mr. McIntire didn't answer, only pointed across the rolling water.	A log had washed up on the shore. It looked like maybe the water had rubbed all the bark off and left a naked, saturated trunk behind.	"Tell me where she is." Aggravated, I stared until my eyes blurred with stress. "All I see is a damn log."	"Son," Sheriff Mills said from behind me. "That ain't a log.
Stephen Covey|The great obstacle to communication is the tendency to constantly evaluate or moralize with others, creating in them a fear to speak or act. The great key to this communication is to learn to listen attentively with understanding to the other person’s point of view creating an atmosphere of love and approval.
John Piper, A Hunger for God|O, how easy it is to do religious things if other people are watching! Preaching, praying, attending church, reading the bible, acts of kindness and charity-they all take on a certain pleasantness of the ego if we know that others will find out about them and think well of us. It is a deadly addiction for esteem that we have.
Imania Margria|When regret and shame fades away, beauty will be in your heart to forever stay.
Robert S. Arrighi, Pursuit of Power: NASA's Propulsion Systems Laboratory No. 1 and 2|[John] Kobak explained, 'The way you learn anything is that something fails, and you figure out how not to have it fail again.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|Simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world."…"There is no greater misfortunethan underestimating your enemy.Underestimating your enemymeans thinking that he is evil.Thus you destroy your three treasuresand become an enemy yourself.When two great forces oppose each other,the victory will goto the one that knows how to yield.
Burkhard Bilger|One of the seats of emotion and memory in the brain is the amygdala, he explained. When something threatens your life, this area seems to kick into overdrive, recording every last detail of the experience. The more detailed the memory, the longer the moment seems to last. "This explains why we think that time speeds up when we grow older," Eagleman said--why childhood summers seem to go on forever, while old age slips by while we’re dozing. The more familiar the world becomes, the less information your brain writes down, and the more quickly time seems to pass.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|I've had the privilege of learning foreign languages. Instead of merely speaking a watered-down form of my mother tongue, like most people, I'm also helpless in two or three other languages.
Josh Billings|In the school of mortality, we experience tenderness, love, kindness, happiness, sorrow, disappointment, pain, and even the challenges of physical limitations in ways that prepare us for eternity.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|Christ has come into the world to lay out a garden wherein, amid splendor and abundance, there should thrive the violet of humanity, the myrtle of mortification, the rose of love, the lily of virginal souls, the laurel of confessors and the palm of martyrs.
Nick Mason|Go to the depot here, now, and what will you see? A well-dressed colored lady, with her little children by her side, whom she has brought up intelligently and with refinement, as much so as white children, comes to the cars, and where is she shown to? Into the smoking car, where men are cursing, swearing, spitting on the floor.
Stevie J. Cole, Jag|The proof of salvation is not listening to the Word, or having a quick emotional response to the Word, or even cultivating the Word so that it grows in a life. The proof of salvation is fruit, for as Christ said, “Ye shall know them by their fruits” (Matt. 7:16).
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|The willingness to be a champion for stupid ideas is the key to greater creativity, innovation, fulfillment, inspiration, motivation and success.
Martin O'Malley|Immorality, violence, and divorce, with their accompanying sorrows, plague society worldwide.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Action|Oh thank God, please you have to help me!” begged the human. “She tied me up, she wants to kill me!”I arched a brow. “Is that so?”“She’s insane!”I folded my arms across my chest. “Well, the good news is, she’s totally sane. The bad news is my fiancée here is a crazy, homicidal bitch and she wants to kill you.
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|Let happiness bloom. In the caring love,In the softness of your tender voice,In the nonjudgmental love,In the beauty and pureness of a smile.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|There is not a “true” happiness and a “false” happiness. Only happiness and meaning. The key to happiness is to realize that it is not the same thing as meaning.  The key to meaning is to realize that it is to be found neither in the pursuit, nor in the denial, of happiness. Happiness speaks to our health, meaning to our hope. The former provides for the necessities of life, the latter a reason for living… Happiness is the consequence of properly loving ourselves. Meaning is the consequence of loving others as ourselves.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Home, home - a few small rooms, stiflingly over-inhabited by a man, by a periodically teeming woman, by rabble of boys and girls of all ages. No air, no space; an understerilized prison; darkness, disease and smells.
Herbert Spencer|Whatever you are by nature, keep to it; never desert your line of talent. Be what nature intended you for, and you will succeed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Ultimately, every human being must face this question: What do you think of Christ? Whose Son is He? We must answer this question with belief and action. We must not only believe something about Jesus, but we must do something about Him. We must accept Him or reject Him.
Angelica Hopes|Be a gift, a light, a blessing as far as the eye can see to answer a call as well as a genuine, compassionate heart can reach.
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|Suppose the hellfire of the orthodox really existed! We have no assurance that it does not! It seems incredible, but many incredible things are true. We do not know that God is not as cruel as a Spanish inquisitor. Suppose, then, He is! If, after Death, we wicked ones were shovelled into a furnace of fire- we should have to burn. There would be no redress. It would simply be the Divine Order of things. It is outrageous that we should be so helpless and so dependent on any one- even God.
Yann Martel|To me, religion is about our dignity, not our depravity.
Plato|I'm appreciative of things going wrong. At first it sounds crazy, but how boring would life be if you just coasted along without any challenges? Without learning about who you really are through the process of going through the darker times? Without feeling the sense of elation when you reach even a small stepping stone?
Amit Kalantri|For the salvation of his soul the Muslim digs a well. It would be a fine thing if each of us were to leave behind a school, or a well, or something of the sort, so that life would not pass by and retreat into eternity without a trace.
Bill Gates|I'm attracted to stories that excite my imagination, stories that, as I'm reading the script, I feel it, I can see it, I can hear the characters. I'm attracted to characters that are real, that tap into something inside me that I haven't explored yet.
Audrey Dry, Sin mirar atrás|La memoria es como libro en el cual se escribe toda nuestra vida. Algunas veces deseamos cerrarlo y olvidarlo para no recordar todos los escabrosos detalles, y otras veces deseamos abrirlo y observarlo detenidamente, queriendo volver a sentir lo mismo que sentimos en aquel momento.
Paul David Tripp, Dangerous Calling: Confronting the Unique Challenges of Pastoral Ministry|Yes. Knock and it shall be opened to you. The gift of wisdom can be found, if one wishes to search for it, and is willing to be altered by it. It is not a gift given without cost or transformation, nor one to be used lightly.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|The backcountry signs say stuff like BEYOND THIS POINT IS A HIGH RISK AREA, WHICH HAS MANY HAZARDS INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AVALANCHES, CLIFFS, AND HIDDEN OBSTACLES, YOU MAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE COST OF YOUR RESCUE and I think, um, no thanks. I choose life.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|For breakfast to be called ‘in bed’ instead of ‘on top of a bed,’ the house in which it is about to be eaten has to have at least two rooms (excluding the kitchen); (at least) three, if it has a bathroom.
Brooks Atkinson|Life is not made up of minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, or years, but of moments. You must experience each one before you can appreciate it.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|How long will we stand in silence while half of our nation is chained by ancient, outdated laws? How long will we close our eyes to a tribal mentality that subjugates women in the most base and dehumanizing ways? How long will we hide in the shadows while the ruling elites bask in the rays of wealth and privilege?
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back Into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|You need only one thing in the world. It is not money. It is not fame. It is not even food. All you need in the world is hope. As long as you have that, you have everything. This is your birthright that you should never lose. If you keep hope, all your other necessities will come soon enough.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|Allah-U-Akbar (God is great) is the most frightening word, because it always reminds me that someone is committing crime;specifically murder.
Oscar Wilde|But do let us go. Dorian, you must not stay here any longer. It is not good for one's morals to see bad acting.
Kristin Cast, Untamed|We all have bad things inside us, and we all choose either to give in to those bad things or to fight them.
Deyth Banger|Now the second common characteristic of fiction follows from this, and it is that fiction is presented in such a way that the reader has the sense that it is unfolding around him. This doesn't mean he has to identify himself with the character or feel compassion for the character or anything like that. It just means that fiction has to be largely presented rather than reported. Another way to say it is that though fiction is a narrative art, it relies heavily on the element of drama.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Because sometimes I have a need for human warmth, I answered honestly.  Sometimes, if I can't feel something like the warmth of a woman's skin, I get so lonely I can't stand it.
Ruth Ozeki, My Year of Meats|I would like to think of my 'ignorance' less as a personal failing and more as a massive cultural trend, an example of doubling, of psychic numbing, that characterizes the end of the millennium. If we can’t act on knowledge, then we can’t survive without ignorance.
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|There was something that He hid from all men, when he went up a mountain to pray. There was something that he covered constantly by abrupt silence or impetuous isolation. There was some one thing that was too great for God to show us when He walked upon our earth; and I have sometimes fancied that it was His mirth.
Compton Gage|You are judged many times more by what you give assent to others doing than what you do yourself. If one million of you give assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one million of you are a million times guilty.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|In order to forgive an offender,we have first to forgive ourselves,then we can forgive them.In this way we are nothelpless victims anymore,we regain our power,acting from our peaceful placeof power.
Charles Le Gai Eaton, King of the Castle: Choice and Responsibility in the Modern World|Those who take responsibility for their actions are the real winners in life. Winners meet life challenges and head on, knowing there are no gurantees, and give it all they've got, and never think it's too late, or too early to begin.
Augusten Burroughs, A Wolf at the Table|the only way to get over a death is by seeing it as a life completed, instead of a life interrupted.
Todd Strasser, Famous|Davy once asked me if I thought it was better to be a has-been than a never was, but maybe it doesn't make much of a difference. In the end, people are just people, and the only things that matter are whether they are good or bad, loving or unloving, loved or unloved.
Harlan Coben, Tell No One|I wish i could tell you that through the tragedy i mined some undiscovered, life-altering absolute that i could pass on to you.I didn't.The cliches apply-people are what count,life is precious,materialism is over rated, and the little things matter,live in the moment-and i can repeat them to you ad nauseam.you might listen, but you won't internalize.Tragedy hammers it hm.Tragedy etches into your soul.You might not be happier.But you will be better.
George MacDonald|Character is made of duty and love and sympathy, and, above all, of living and working for others.
A.G. Phillips|Keep driving," said a soft voice in my ear. "She will not bite if you keep driving."Fuck that. Fuck that idea like the fucking Captain of the Thai Fuck Team fucking at the fucking Tour de Fuck.
Alexander Zalan|I think you'll find that I'm qualified to deal with practically everything, if I choose. That last part, of course, is essential. --Devyn DuChien
Stefania Mattana, Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2,|The wheel turns for all, caro Chase. It’s the karma effect,” Giulia cried, aping Ilenia. She could have never imagined that her words would become prophetic so soon.
Neil Gaiman, Dream Country|I'm not blessed, or merciful. I'm just me. I've got a job to do, and I do it. Listen: even as we're talking, I'm there for old and young, innocent and guilty, those who die together and those who die alone. I'm in cars and boats and planes; in hospitals and forests and abbatoirs. For some folks death is a release, and for others death is an abomination, a terrible thing. But in the end, I'm there for all of them.
Henry David Thoreau|I do believe in simplicity. It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit. When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms. So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real. Probe the earth to see where your main roots run. 
Roshni Dulani|If the vibrant and frolicking merry-go-round of our daily living has been ousted by an eerie void of an intractable vacuum, only inspiriting memories may shore up our inner world. ("Only silence remained ")
Rose Wynters, Phase Two: Evaluate|I could feel the heat rising in my cheeks. 'We spent one night together.''You had sex then?''No we crocheted a quilt.' I cocked my head to side and gave him my nastiest glare." Lorelei Preston to Agent Brody-The Wild Hunt
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill with a single glance from his eyes. That’s a basilisk, listeners. One simple test: Check whether the thing that’s glaring at you has got legs. If it has, it’s safe to look into its eyes, although if it really is You-Know-Who, that’s still likely to be the last thing you ever do.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|The Holy Spirit never uses guilt or shame to persuade us to give. For that matter, he never persuades us to give in the first place. That's called manipulation, a device employed by a different spirit.
Doug Dorst, Alive in Necropolis|It dawned on him that he really could be a cop if he wanted to, and it dawned on him that he'd had this revelation while eating a donut, and it that wasn't a sign, he didn't know what was.
Al Goldstein|Another argument, vaguer and even less persuasive, is that gay marriage somehow does harm to heterosexual marriage. I have yet to meet anyone who can explain to me what this means. In what way would allowing same-sex partners to marry diminish the marriages of heterosexual couples?
Emmeline Pankhurst, The Suffragette: The History of the Women's Militant Suffrage Movement|Dr. John Nash Ott had discovered by 1987 that glass, artificial light sources, electricity and electronic systems were having extensive detrimental effects on plants, animals and humans.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Jasmine had endured enough parochial schooling before middle school to have a residual attachment to the beautiful parts of believing, the certainty of knowing one is loved by something beyond comprehension, but also a niggling fear of those who believed too much in anything they could not touch. Believers were the sort to wave pictures of dead fetuses at her when she went to her gynecologist for a checkup.
Auliq Ice|Learn to appreciate every moment of your life, stop thinking of the future too much, you have a choice to make a difference in your life at any time you wish.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Strive through your adversities with a tenacious mindset and a sincere heart and there shall surely be a great end when you get to the end unrelentingly. You shall surely leave a noble mark when you endure to the end and you shall surely smile in the end and ponder over how the journey to the end was. Note; there is no sweet fruit that is not the product of the dirty soil. No matter what, keep moving on!
Ronnie McBrayer, How Far Is Heaven?: Rediscovering the Kingdom of God in the Here and Now|Is God-like forgiveness humanly possible? Yes, if it remains God’s work! Forgiveness is not something we can accomplish on our own or within our own power (no more than we make the kingdom of God happen in the world). It’s not something we conjure up. If forgiveness flows out of us to others, it is because God is doing it and not us ourselves.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|No one washes their hands after they piss unless they’re in a public place. If I’m at the airport, or a restaurant, and someone else is there, I’ll soap up for the sake of civilization, but it’s only for show, I don’t really care if I have ultraviolet traces of urine or feces on my hands. But, if I see someone walk oudda the men’s without soaping up I’ll think he’s deranged, borderline psychotic. At least pretend that washing your hands matters. You know, for the sake of civilization.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|I think that home shouldn't be a place you need to leave if you want to experience something in consonance with your innermost being. Home should be a place of experimentation and discovery, a place of peace and quiet where the most natural in each individual can be developed in fine-tuning to the desires and searches of others.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Thoroughly selfish individuals can be entirely happy. They will be unlikely to find life very meaningful. To such individuals, meaning often seems accidental, coincidental, or tangential … The reason this is so is that selfish people will find life meaningful only when they are not themselves; when they forget their selfish desires and act in a manner more consistent with agape (selfless love). Meaning seems accidental, coincidental or tangential to their lives because, by and large, selflessness is accidental, coincidental and tangential to their lives. There is nothing unpredictable about meaning, only the presence of selflessness in the life of a selfish person.
Henry Ford|When you know a thing, to hold that you know it, and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Michio Kaku, Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100|When a particular function of the mind does not work well, it shows how effective the brain is when it does.
Deyth Banger|The point is that newspapers are not there for spreading news but for covering it up. X happens, you have to report it, but it causes embarrassment for too many people, so in the same edition you add some shock headlines - mother kills four children, savings at risk of going up in smoke, letter from Garibaldi insulting his lieutenant Nino Bixio discovered, etc. - so news drowns in a great sea of information.
Mark Leidner, The Angel in the Dream of Our Hangover|Writing is beautiful, like putting on a gold suit and going to sleep in it.
Lope de Vega|Why do we feel jealousy? Therapists often regard the demon as a scar of childhood trauma or a symptom of a psychological problem. And it's true that people who feel inadequate, insecure, or overly dependent tend to be more jealous than others.
Mahmoud Darwish, A River Dies of Thirst: journals|We all wear masksto veil the truth.Truth is nakedness.Truth is fear.Truth is the gardener making you sit on his lapasking you tolight his cigarette.Truth is father— with a limp cigarette on his lips —telling you to never use his matches to light it for him.Truth is father yelling:"It is not nice for little girls to do so”.Truth is a curious girlwanting to ignite a matchlike a woman.Truth is the maid watching from the kitchen,knowing.But knowing isn’t truth.Truth is the maid calling:Come. Come.Truth is the gardener understanding. But understanding isn’t truth.Truth is the maid saying,"Stay away!"Truth is a girl thinking she is in control.That nothing happened, nothing bad.But the truest truthis a girl knowing, a girl understanding thaton that daysomeone stole a little piece of her truth.
Billy Sunday|Better die an old maid, sister, than marry the wrong man.
Russell Baker|Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
M. Kane, Queen of Thieves|Where there's a will, there's a potential for murder
Philip Roth|The great secret of doctors, known only to their wives, but still hidden from the public, is that most things get better by themselves; most things, in fact, are better in the morning.
Cesar Millan|Tennis takes care of everything. It requires agility and quickness to get to the ball, core strength to get power into your shorts and stamina to last for an entire match. In addition to toning your arms and shoulders, it's a total body workout for your legs and abs, and works your heart and core unlike any other sport.
Martin Luther|There is talk of a new astrologer [Nicolaus Copernicus] who wants to prove that the earth moves and goes around instead of the sky, the sun, the moon, just as if somebody were moving in a carriage or ship might hold that he was sitting still and at rest while the earth and the trees walked and moved. But that is how things are nowadays: when a man wishes to be clever he must . . . invent something special, and the way he does it must needs be the best! The fool wants to turn the whole art of astronomy upside-down. However, as Holy Scripture tells us, so did Joshua bid the sun to stand still and not the earth.[Martin Luther stating his objection to heliocentrism due to his Scripture's geocentrism]
Max Planck|The man of the future may, and even must, do things impossible in the past and acquire new motor variations not given by heredity.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Ove çould not in all honesty remember how it all started. It wasn't the sort of dispute where you did remember. It was more an argument where the little disagreements had ended up so entangled that every new word was treacherously booby-trapped, and in the end it wasn't possible to open one's mouth at all without setting off at least four unexploded mines from earlier conflicts. It was the sort of argument that had just run, and run, and run. Until one day it just ran out.
Kamand Kojouri|It is wonderful, this whole business of tickling and kissing God every night.
Rob Cowen, Common Ground|A hare's movement seems plagued by the flicks and judders of restrained energy, as if carrying an ache that can only be relieved by running. The rest of the time it's as though they're absorbing the earth's energy, tapped into a ley line, shivering with pent-up static
Leslie Fiedler|Love thou the rose, yet leave it on its stem.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|Cursed, I was cursed, and my mother said she’d given up magic for good, said it was a terrible thing, but she wasn’t above using it to keep me at her side, and she’s a hypocrite, a liar, a fraud and phony, and I hate her I hate her I hate her!
Amitabh Bachchan|We knew sports was important to us and our family, but there are priorities in life.Obviously, faith is foremost; how we did in school is important. If we didn't handle that business then there were no privileges.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Have you ever tried to organise a threesome in real life?'I shook my head. I'd only encountered them in porn, but it seemed to happen without much admin, the same way all porn skipped out the granular details of sex, like condoms and kissing, that were supposed to happen in real life.
Mehmet Oz|Look, if you have somebody who doesn't have health insurance, who doesn't have a doctor or dentist, and in order to deal with their cold or flu or dental problem, they go to an emergency room - in general, that visit will cost ten times more than walking into a community health center.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|When I lived here and woke up from the fog in my head, I would walk by myself to the grave site set aside for me, so that I could feel comfortable if I lived there after death.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|Patiently, hopefully, actively we are waiting for Jesus. And yet here is the astonishing twist: As we wait for our Lord and the bodily resurrection yet to come for the departed, the world waits for us. As we long for God, the world is longing for God in us.
Jodi Linton, Pretty Shameless|I only swing for one girl. But if she's into a certain kind of kink, who am I to deny her such pleasantries?"~ Luke Wagner
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|I do feel that I’ve managed to make something I could maybe call my world…over time…little by little. And when I’m inside it, to some extent, I feel kind of relieved. But the very fact I felt I had to make such a world probably means that I’m a weak person, that I bruise easily, don’t you think? And in the eyes of society at large, that world of mine is a puny little thing. It’s like a cardboard house: a puff of wind might carry it off somewhere.
Justin Hayward|We all have those things that even in the midst of stress and disarray, they energize us and give us renewed strength and purpose. These are our passions.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|Beauty, happiness, they're things so big they can't capture them with their scientific words. It's like what they used to call magic.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I didn't call you because I'm tired of you only wanting me around when you need something. I'm tired of watching you be in love with someone else - someone, incidentally, who will never love you back. Not the way I do.
Mary Bono|You will see - in the future, I will live by my watercolors.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|Everyone lives in two worlds,” Maggie said, speaking in an absentminded sort of way while she studied her letters. “There’s the real world, with all its annoying facts and rules. In the real world, there are things that are true and things that aren’t. Mostly the real world s-s-s-suh-sucks. But everyone also lives in the world inside their own head. An inscape, a world of thought. In a world made of thought—in an inscape—every idea is a fact. Emotions are as real as gravity. Dreams are as powerful as history. Creative people, like writers, and Henry Rollins, spend a lot of their time hanging out in their thoughtworld. S-s-strong creatives, though, can use a knife to cut the stitches between the two worlds, can bring them together. Your bike. My tiles. Those are our knives.
Meljean Brook, The Iron Duke|...kissing me with a violence that was terrifying and yet, somehow, the summit of all my tenderest dreams.
Laura Kaye, Hard to Hold on To|Would you like me to let you go home to your love today?" he asked. It was obvious that my preference for someone else bothered him, but instead of choosing to ve angry, he showed compassion.
Lila Shaw, Wild West Succubus|He’s an even-tempered stallion. What he lacks in stamina he makes up for in speed, kind of like most of the men I’ve slept with.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Egde: The Class They Don't Teach You in School|You don't have to know how you are going to accomplish your goals, you just have to know that you will.
Jorge Luis Borges|You are the actor. Your body brings in something, call it presence, and it happens by degrees. Arms, chest, haunches and thighs, calves and feet. The body, firing synapses, in between and in the gray matter. On and off. The billions of cells, the body mechanisms, the busy regulating, the adjusting, the retinas contracting and expanding, body secreting, beating, moving, breathing and pulsing. Your being registers here. Swallow. Inhale. Open mouth to press air out to touch the flesh in the throat to make sound. You are the actor. A thing of flesh and feeling. Perfect because you aren't.
Jackie Evancho|The most effective leaders are actually better at guarding against danger when they acknowledge it that it exists. Cowards, in contrast, cling to the hope that failure will never happen and may be sloppy in the face of danger - not because they don't acknowledge that it exists, but because they are just too afraid of it to look it in the eye.
Robert Kodingo|We hate each other by race, color, tribe, wealth, gender etc because everyone wants to feel special and different than the other. I do not however have a solution on how people can stop having an ego that makes them specially superior than the other.
George Washington|When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is the spirit of love, peace and goodwill to all Humankind.
Roy  Bennett|Distance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life. Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Alexandros Velios, My and My Death: The Right to Euthanasia|The fact is, nothing great or enduring, especially in music, has ever sprung full-fledged and unprecedented from the brain of any master; the best that he gives to the world he gathers from the hearts of the people, and runs it through the alembic of his genius.
Nicole T. Smith, Scarlett's Will|As I stand at the edge of the pit, searching for his body amongst all the others, I am slightly frightened by the violent clashes. It seems almost savagery, the way they throw themselves into each other. As I continue to watch, unable to look away, drawn in by their angry and troubled release I see him. His body is sweating, his muscles are flexed and his face holds an expression of pain mixed with pleasure. In that moment I realize their is so much I don't know about the man I am falling in love with and my fear of him excites me.
Lisa Schroeder|I think fear is normal, Cade. Just don't let it win.
Faith Baldwin, Many Windows, Seasons of the Heart|[Camila] was quite incapable of establishing any harmony between the claims of her art, of her appetites, or her dreams, and of her crowded daily routine. Each of these was a world in itself.
Abigail Roux, Sticks & Stones|Once you admit to yourself that you are or aren't something, then you can begin searching for the reason why," Deuce went on. "And once you've found that, you can begin to take steps toward making it better. So, tell yourself you're an asshole, stop being an asshole, your problem's solved," Deuce said in a pleased voice.
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IN SPIRIT AND IN TRUTH."Only those who obey the word of truth can truly worship God in spirit.
Frank Tyger|Your future depends on many things,but mostly on you.
Timothy Ferriss|If you really think about the fabric of the United States, or the finance of any economy, finance is a true underpinning of what makes the economy great - if it can be done successfully, responsibly, and with a client orientation.
George Akomas Jr|Don't Expect Others To Read Or Hear your Thoughts.If You Want To Be Heard, Speak Up!
Isaac Marion, The New Hunger|A mud-stained sunlight began to splatter the sodden fields, and the hateful, nasal world of birds began to come to life. It seemed to me that I was coming out of a suffocating nightmare and that the low clouds flying before the wind were the shreds of an evil dream.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|The flowers left thick at nightfall in the woodThis Eastertide call into mind the men,Now far from home, who, with their sweethearts, shouldHave gathered them and will do never again.
Cassandra Dunn, The Art of Adapting|A few weeks ago, my manager asked: "Do you feel like you're back? I feel like you're back." She meant it as a total compliment, but we had this great conversation where I was like, "You know what? I try really hard not to use that language, because it's not about going backward in life." I think it comes from this culture of antiaging, which is so not loving ourselves. I've been really focused on not being "back" to anything, but being the best version of myself right now. My body is the site of a miracle now. I don't want to be pre-miracle.
Susana Martinez|It's not about the failure, it's about learning from the failures. Failure itself cannot be celebrated.
Wilson Rawls, Where the Red Fern Grows|If put to the pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth a pound of cleve
Lucy Hale|For many of us, Christmas lunch is the most special meal of the year - and I certainly want nothing but the very best for this celebration.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|As Sidda joined Vivi in staring out into the darkness of the fields, where hundreds of sunflowers grew, she thought: I will never fully know my mother, any more than I will ever know my father or Connor, or myself. I have been missing the point. The point is not knowing another person, or learning to love another person. The point is simply this: how tender can we bear to be? What good manners can we show as we welcome ourselves and others into our hearts?
Kristen Heitzmann, Secrets|People often mistake their imagination for their heart, & so often are convinced they are converted as soon as they start thinking of becoming converted.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|The more you treat your body and the cells as intelligent being the more you will be sharp, quick, competent, and fulfilled.
James W. Loewen, Lies My Teacher Told Me|The flesh would shrink and go, the blood would dry, but no one believes in his mind of minds or heart of hearts that the pictures do stop.
Jamie Oliver|Maybe I don't see enough television, but it seems there aren't many shows that are romantic comedies that are an hour long where you're not solving a crime or being a doctor.
Emma Raveling, Breaking Measures|I get the sense that some people think that influence dilutes – that the more you are someone else, the less you are yourself, as if you were born with some innate distinct youness that is gradually sanded away by the corroding forces of conformity. That if you could somehow tune everything else out and really dig deep within yourself, you’d find your voice there, pure and independent.That’s bullshit. Your voice isn’t there, already made. You need to make your own voice. You need to make your own voice.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Cruelty is a mystery, and the waste of pain. But if we describe a world to compass these things, a world that is a long, brute game, then we bump against another mystery: the inrush of power and light…unless all ages and races of men have been deluded by the same mass hypnotist (who?), there seems to be such a thing as beauty, a grace wholly gratuitous…we don’t know what’s going on here. If these tremendous events are random combinations of matter run amok, the yield of millions of monkeys at millions of typewriters, then what is it in us, hammered out of those same typewriters, that they ignite? We must somehow take a wider view, look at the whole landscape, really see it, and describe what’s going on here. Then we can at least wail the right question into the swaddling band of darkness, or, if it comes to that, choir the proper praise.
Akshay Kumar|Professionalism in art has this difficulty: To be professional is to be dependable, to be dependable is to be predictable, and predictability is esthetically boring - an anti-virtue in a field where we hope to be astonished and startled and at some deep level refreshed.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.
William Chapman|Words cut deeper than knives. A knife can be pulled out, words are embedded into our souls.
Prashant Kumar|Love is respect,recognition and honourgiven without expectation.
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|The administration often used the analogy of planting the “seeds of democracy” in the Middle East, as if they’d sprout into democratic regimes as nature took its course. Democracy doesn’t sprout like apple trees. Scattering the seeds isn’t enough, no matter how many soldiers do it. To continue with the gardening analogy the Bush administration seemed to love (there were also many “seeds of terror” and “seeds of hope”), democracy is more like a fragile flower that requires constant attention and the right soil. Dictatorships and fascist regimes are hardy weeds that sprout on their own.
Robert J. Morgan, Then Sings My Soul Book 3: The Story of Our Songs: Drawing Strength from the Great Hymns of Our Faith|We don't want to live in the dark moods of imponderable mystery, but neither do we want to miss them altogether. they allow us to emerge from the tender sadness of the manger to sing with the angels in the skies above...
Kingsley Amis, Jake's Thing|Jake was close to tears. In that moment he saw the world in its true light, as a place where nothing had ever been any good and nothing of significance done: no art worth a second look, no philosophy of the slightest appositeness, no law but served the state, no history that gave an inkling of how it had been and what had happened. And no love, only egotism, infatuation and lust.
Mary Berry|I know how I like my food. I like it spicy, salty, sticky, crunchy, juicy, oozy - basically any dish you know and love, jacked up to a bordering-on-socially-unacceptable amount of flavor.
Steve Maraboli|Men believe women are hopeless gossips, but women know men are. The poor creatures are worse than women in some ways, because they cannot admit to themselves that they are gossiping, or doubt the discretion of the individuals in whom they confide. 'Strictly in confidence, old boy, just between you and me...'.
bell hooks|In retrospect, it is evident that highlighting abortion rather than reproductive rights as a whole reflected the class biases of the women who were at the forefront of the movement. While the issue of abortion was and remains relevant to all women, there were other reproductive issues that were just as vital which needed attention and might have served to galvanize masses. These issues ranged from basic sex education, prenatal care, preventive health care that would help females understand how their bodies worked, to forced sterilization, unnecessary cesareans and/or hysterectomies, and the medical complications left in their wake. Of all these issues individual white women with class privilege identified most intimately with the pain of unwanted pregnancy. And they highlighted the abortion issue. They were not by any means the only group in need of access to safe, legal abortions. As already stated, they were far more likely to have the means the to acquire an abortion than poor and working-class women. In those days poor women, black women included, often sought illegal abortions. The right to have an abortion was not a white-women-only issue; it was simply not the only or even most important reproductive concern for masses of American women.
Bayard Rustin|When the sword is once drawn, the passions of men observe no bounds of moderation.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords: Blood and Gold|Okay, I've only just found out the final lineup for Slytherin," said Angelina, consulting a piece of parchment. "Last year's Beaters, Derrick and Bole, have left now, but it looks as though Montague's replaced them with the usual gorillas, rather than anyone who can fly particularly well. They're two blokes called Crabbe and Goyle. I don't know much about them--""We do," said Harry and Ron together."Well they don't look bright enough to tell one end of a broom from another," said Angelina, pocketing her parchment, "but then I was always surprised Derrick and Bole managed to find their way onto the pitch without signposts.""Crabbe and Goyle are in the same mold," Harry assured her.
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|There are no unique postures and times and limitations that restrict our access to God. My relationship with God is intimate and personal. The Christian does not go to the temple to worship. The Christian takes the temple with him or her. Jesus lifts us beyond the building and pays the human body the highest compliment by making it His dwelling place, the place where He meets with us. Even today He would overturn the tables of those who make it a marketplace for their own lust, greed and wealth.
Meghan Markle|I've never crashed a wedding. When I was a kid I, of course, used to crash parties. Crashing a wedding is difficult though because you have to have the suit, and you have to have information in case someone catches you. You have to know at least some names and something.
Robert Kroese, Disenchanted|He had intended his address to be somewhat more comprehensive than this but was forced to cut it short, having been stabbed between the ribs with a broadsword.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Thanks,” I muttered and added under my breath, “Douchebag.”He laughed, deep and throaty. “Now that’s not very ladylike, Kittycat.”I whipped around. “Don’t ever call me that,” I snapped.“It’s better than calling someone a douchebag, isn’t it?” He pushed out the door. “This has been a stimulating visit. I’ll cherish it for a long time to come.”Okay. That was it. “You know, you’re right. How wrong of me to call you a douchebag. Because a douchebag is too nice of a word for you,” I said, smiling sweetly. “You’re a dickhead.”“A dickhead?” he repeated. “How charming.”I flipped him off.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|At home I am a man, at work I am a machine.
Buhari S.I|Your body may not be, but the quintessence your being and entity is made-up of, is forever.
Seanan McGuire, Midway Relics and Dying Breeds|But that’s what family is, isn't it? It’s traditions and trinkets that only matter when we hold them up against the mirrors of our lives, lending them meaning, lending them weight, until they become heavy enough to endure without us. We create the past in the things that we choose to remember about it. We turn everything into stories, and those stories matter because we say that they do. It’s all a wheel, and ours are the hands that turn it.
Carl ''Cal'' Tuohey, Gray Hair, Black Belt: Earning a Black Belt After Age 50|One day, we will live in a world without salads. It is a dream I have.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|On any given morning, I might not be able to list for you the facts I know about God. But I can tell you what I wish to commit myself to, what I want for the foundation of my life, how I want to see. When I stand with the faithful at Holy Comforter and declare that we believe in one God . . . I am saying, Let this be my scaffolding. Let this be the place I work, struggle, play, rest. I commit myself to this.
Chico Kidd, The Printer's Devil|Still men be clever and in an hundred centuries or more, perchance will have found a way to journey thither; when that they have discovered and understood all things on the earth. What will a man be like in the xxvii century, or even the xx? Very like unto us, I do expect; I do not think that man’s nature shall change; nor do I anticipate that he will be the wiser than we, for all his learning, for ‘tis a part of that nature which is ours that we do not heed the lessons of history: neither our own, nor the world’s.
Darynda Jones, Brighter Than the Sun|As long as your life is a succession of love stories, you can never grow old.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My wilderness training was 4 years and 10 months of solitude, search and study.
William Stringfellow, Instead of Death: New and Expanded Edition|The problem which confronts us as we approach modern man today is not how we are to change Christian teaching in order to make it more palatable, for to that would mean throwing away any chance of giving the real answer to man in despair; rather it is only a problem of how we many communicate the Gospel so that it is understood.
Jenna Elfman|The young women in my classes are feisty and clever and believe, often with the passion of youthful optimism, that feminism is a battle already won. I worry for them - and for my daughters, too.
Jeff Zentner, Goodbye Days|For the most part, you don't hold the people you love in your heart because they rescued you from drowning or pulled you from a burning house. Mostly you hold them in your heart because they save you, in a million quiet and perfect ways, from being alone.
Prakhar Singh|The argument for collectivism is simple if false; it is an immediate emotional argument. The argument for individualism is subtle and sophisticated; it is an indirect rational argument. And the emotional faculties are more highly developed in most men than the rational, paradoxically or especially even in those who regard themselves as intellectuals
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Theology isn't what drove them to their...theology." author writes on dealing with the embittering experience of those who protect a wounded place with abstract arguments.
Stephen Hawking|If God is the mystery of the universe, these mysteries, we're tackling these mysteries one by one. If you're going to stay religious at the end of the conversation, God has to mean more to you than just where science has yet to tread.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|The very nastiest and coarsest, I can't tell you. It is not grief, not dullness, but much worse. It is as if all that was good in me had hidden itself, and only what is horrid remains.
C. JoyBell C.|If you find a man who trusts you, who isn't afraid, who sees you for who you are, and if it feels like he knows you for who it is that you simply are, and thinks all of that is beautiful; know that you have found a rare thing.
Sarah Silverman|'The Impossible Dream' is, in my opinion, one of the greatest songs ever written. Here is a man, an old man, a very old man full of daring, bravery, courage, determination, romanticism and dreams.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|The more I want to be oblivious, the less I can be. Life and light will not let me be.
Joe Rogan|Yield, and I'll eat your little pussy... first.
Stephen Fry|Just let the words fly from your lips and your pen. Give them rhythm and depth and height and silliness. Give them filth and form and noble stupidity. Words are free and all words, light and frothy, firm and sculpted as they may be, bear the history of their passage from lip to lip over thousands of years. How they feel to us now tells us whole stories of our ancestors.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Though I am faced with many adversities, my heart will not faint.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|People of the West have various forms of democracy based on a belief in God as well as on a general acceptance of moral law. However, in practice we are beginning to resemble the Marxists, who have little respect for moral law or religion.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|...at Newsweek only girls with college degrees--and we were called "girls" then--were hired to sort and deliver the mail, humbly pushing our carts from door to door in our ladylike frocks and proper high-heeled shoes. If we could manage that, we graduated to "clippers," another female ghetto. Dressed in drab khaki smocks so that ink wouldn't smudge our clothes, we sat at the clip desk, marked up newspapers, tore out releveant articles with razor-edged "rip sticks," and routed the clips to the appropriate departments. "Being a clipper was a horrible job," said writer and director Nora Ephron, who got a job at Newsweek after she graduated from Wellesley in 1962, "and to make matters worse, I was good at it.
Scott Edmund Miller|it was all I had, all I've ever had, the only currency, the only proof that I was alive. Memory." p 380
Harry Browne|Religion is a search for transcendence. But transcendence isn't necessarily sited in an external god, which can be a very unspiritual, unreligious concept.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|The limit of a person's will, at least in one respect, is the limit of that person's ability to believe.
Joann Sfar, The Rabbi's Cat|You've been the rabbi here for thirty years and these guys who've never set foot here want to decide who should be rabbi or not. And to lead prayer in Hebrew for Jews who speak Arabic, they want you to write in French. So I say they're nuts.
Pope Benedict XVI, Saved in Hope: Spe Salvi|The capacity to accept suffering for the sake of goodness, truth and justice is an essential criterion of humanity, because if my own well-being and safety are ultimately more important than truth and justice, then the power of the stronger prevails, then violence and untruth reigns supreme.
Sukant Ratnakar, Rum Beer Cocktail|Other opportunities arise from time to time that almost don't accord with the overall situation, opportunities whereby a word, a glance, a sigh of trust may achieve more than a lifetime of exhausting endeavour.
LeRoy Neiman|You should read history and look at ostracism, persecution, martyrdom, and that kind of thing. They always happen to the best men, you know.
