Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|Guilt's just your ego's way of tricking you into thinking that you're making moral progress. Don't fall for it, my dear.
Kat Attalla, Homeward Bound|He has little hope that university, when he gets there next year, will be any different. Like right now, all these pupils taking notes as if their life depended on it. All for what? he wants to shout. To get into the top university, so that you can somehow convince yourself you are better than the great unwashed? So that your parents can convince themselves that they are better parents than the great unwashed? So that Mum and Dad’s fourteen-hour days at the office, paying for a fucking private education you never asked for, wasn’t just a pathetic waste of a life?
Val Uchendu|Know that time is a balm that slowly heals all wound. You'll heal, you'll learn to live with the scars, you'll love again and you won't be the same, nor would you want to
Luan|I don't know why I can't let the insults go, but I can't. I'm the product of every hurt that's ever been laid on me.
Cheryl Hines|I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.
Robert Zubrin|Two things I'm obsessed with are the countryside and fields and being in the open space and body parts, so you'll hear me mentioning body parts and human anatomy. I've listened to my songs and I think I am quite visual and I talk about bones and flesh a lot.
V.S. Atbay|They laughed at him, but they didn't know, they didn't know about all the nice things he had. No one knew. No one. Only someday he'd see somebody different, somebody to give his things to, somebody who would give him all their things. Yes. He'd like that. He'd know her when he saw her. He'd know just what to say.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|IIA grief without a pang, void, dark, and drear,      A stifled, drowsy, unimpassioned grief,      Which finds no natural outlet, no relief,          In word, or sigh, or tear — O Lady! in this wan and heartless mood,To other thoughts by yonder throstle woo'd,      All this long eve, so balmy and serene,Have I been gazing on the western sky,      And its peculiar tint of yellow green:And still I gaze — and with how blank an eye!And those thin clouds above, in flakes and bars,That give away their motion to the stars;Those stars, that glide behind them or between,Now sparkling, now bedimmed, but always seen:Yon crescent Moon as fixed as if it grewIn its own cloudless, starless lake of blue;I see them all so excellently fair,I see, not feel how beautiful they are!III          My genial spirits fail;          And what can these availTo lift the smothering weight from off my breast?          It were a vain endeavour,          Though I should gaze for everOn that green light that lingers in the west:I may not hope from outward forms to winThe passion and the life, whose fountains are within.
Thomas   Moore, Care of the Soul: A Guide for Cultivating Depth and Sacredness in Everyday Life|If a change in our lives require individually or socially painful sacrifices, it will be difficult to put into effect no matter how necessary that change might be. However, if we start down the road of transformation with simple, enjoyable, and tangible changes, we will soon be prepared to tackle larger issues.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|Grief was dagger-shaped and sharp and pointed inward. It was made of fresh loss and old sorrow. Rendered and forged and sometimes polished. Irene Finney had taken her daughter’s death and to that sorrow she’d added a long life of entitlement and disappointment, of privilege and pride. And the dagger she’d fashioned was taking a brief break from slashing her insides, and was now pointed outward.
Tana French, Faithful Place|We had no one else to learn this from- none of our parents were shining examples of relationship success- so we learned this from each other: when someone you love needs you to, you can get a hold of your five-alarm temper, get a hold of the shapeless things that scare you senseless, act like an adult instead of the Cro-Magnon teenager you are, you can do a million things you never saw coming.
Lex Martin, Dearest Clementine|You're so young, you can't know the meaning of true regret. It's never what you've done, love, it's what you've left undone.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|Jim knew that he was awake and asleep at the same time, dreaming of the war and yet dreamed of by the war.
Vivek Shanbhag, Ghachar Ghochar|That single moment's intensity hasn't been matched in my life before or since. A woman I didn't know had chosen to accept me, in body and mind. Perhaps it is this instant that forms the basis of traditional marriage—a complete stranger is suddenly mine. And then, I am hers, too; I must offer her my all. I want her to wield her power over me as an acknowledgment of my love. The rush of those feelings all at once is too much to describe. Language communicates in terms of what is already known; it chokes up when asked to deal with the entirely unprecedented.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|It's nice when you can ride the inspirational wave, but as a writer, you'll also find how fast you can lose that wave. You must persevere.
Robert Musil, The Man Without Qualities: Vol. 1|And so the mind or spirit is the great opportunist, itself impossible to pin down, take hold of, anywhere; one is tempted to believe that of all its influence nothing is left but decay. Every advance is a gain in particular and a separation in general; it is an increase in power leading only to a progressive increase in impotence, but there is no way to quit.
Robert K. Massie|She (historian Barbara Tuchman) draws on skepticism, not cynicism, leaving the reader not so much outraged by human ability as amused and saddened by human folly.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Brianna’s looking for Drake,” Edilio said, thinking out loud.“You sent her out against Drake?” Albert demanded.“Sent her? Who sends Brianna out to get into a fight? She goes on her own. Anyway, it’s not like you’ve left us with anyone else.”Albert had the decency not to say anything to that.“You know, you guys put me in charge. I didn’t ask to be in charge. I didn’t want to be in charge. Sam was in charge and all you guys ever did was give him grief,” Edilio said. “You two, especially.” He pointed at Albert and Astrid. “So, okay, Astrid takes over. And then Astrid finds out it’s not so much fun being in charge. So it’s like, okay, let’s get the dumb wetback to do the job.”“No one ever—,” Astrid protested.“And me, like a fool, I’m thinking, okay, that must mean people trust me. They asked me to be in charge, be the mayor. Come to find out, I’m not making decisions; Albert’s making decisions. Albert’s deciding we need to find more water and sending our two best fighters off into the countryside. Now I’m supposed to fix everything? It’s like you go, ‘Fight a war,’ but you sent my army off on a wild goose chase.
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|They say the sky is the same everywhere. Travellers, the shipwrecked, exiles, and the dying draw comfort from the thought[.]
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Swann could at once detect in this story one of those fragments of literal truth which liars, when taken by surprise, console themselves by introducing into the composition of the falsehood which they have to invent, thinking that it can be safely incorporated, and will lend the whole story an air of verisimilitude.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow, than a man swear he loves me.
Philip Roth, The Plot Against America|Control the manner in which a man interprets his world, and you have gone a long way toward controlling his behavior. That is why ideology, an attempt to interpret the condition of man, is always a prominent feature of revolutions, wars, and other circumstances in which individuals are called upon to perform extraordinary action.
J. R. R. Tolken|Lucy buried her head in his mane to hide from his face. But there must have been some magic in his mane. She could feel lion-strength going into her. Quite suddenly she sat up. "I'm sorry, Aslan," she said. "I'm ready now.""Now you are a lioness," said Aslan. "And now all Narnia will be renewed.
Anna Funder, All That I Am|Denial is a very effective human trick. People often tell how a situation was "unbearable," though, clearly, they have borne it. Lived to tell, so to speak.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|Look now -- in all of history men have been taught that killing of men is an evil thing not to be countenanced. Any man who kills must be destroyed because this is a great sin, maybe the worst we know. And then we take a soldier and put murder in his hands and we say to him, "use it well, use it wisely." We put no checks on him. Go out and kill as many of a certain kind or classification of your brothers as you can. And we will reward you for it because it is a violation of your early training.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|It's not as if I don't like men, I just have more respect for my washing machine.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|This is the most beautiful piece of advice I can offer. I you don't have what you want now, you don't have what you want.
Debasish Mridha|You are always a student and life is your teacher. Always be curious, enthusiastic, and open to change.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|When it comes to controlling human beings there is no better instrument than lies. Because, you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated.
Debasish Mridha|Problems are not roadblocks, but exercise tools.
Noah Cicero, Best Behavior|They say a writer is not a single person, it is a bunch of characters. What I learned from life is that everyone is a bunch of characters, characters who live and die within us. The moment I was raped, many characters in me died. I lost most of my characteristics. Several new characters were born, one was rage, second was a lifelong unhappiness and third was the fear of helplessness.
Benjamin M. Strozykowski, Psychic Skin Volume 1|You act like you're okay,Like everything is just fine.But you can't hide a frown,And smile at the same time.
John Zakour, The Doomsday Brunette|Great Gates almighty,” HARV said inside my brain. “I go off-line for a few nanos and the whole world goes to DOS.
Sunday Adelaja|But your responsibilities are sometimes given you without choice, without consent.
Amit Kalantri|As you grow old, if you don't earn some money or inspiration out of your hobby, you will stop pursuing your hobby.
L W Gouett|To sing is to express, to love is to hurt
Hilaire Belloc|You could put your faith in technology. It got you here, it can get you out" - Murray (WN 285).
Renee Ericson, More Than Us|He is trapped underground, suddenly and unexpectedly close to death, but still in control of his fate. "At that moment I put death in my head and decided I would live with it," he says later.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|The metaphor is so obvious. Easter Island isolated in the Pacific Ocean — once the island got into trouble, there was no way they could get free. There was no other people from whom they could get help. In the same way that we on Planet Earth, if we ruin our own [world], we won't be able to get help.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Your connection to yourself is also your connection to the divine. The more you are connected to yourself, the more you are connected to the divine. They are one and the same.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden & Civil Disobedience|A lady is as young as the gentleman she feels," said Roy and cackled happily.
Kim Harrison, Pale Demon|Just so you know, I’ve trusted you since camp.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|In a sea of strangers,you've longed to know me.Your life spent sailingto my shores.
John Fraser, Violence in the Arts|There is a common tendency to turn off one's imagination at certain points and refuse to contemplate the possibility of having to do certain things and cope with the attendant moral problems. The things simply get done by the social machine, and one can keep one's clear conscience and one's moral indignation unsullied.
M. L. Stedman|As Tom wandered back to Mrs Mewett’s, he thought about the little relics at the lighthouse – Docherty’s knitting, his wife’s jar of humbugs that sat untouched in the pantry. Lives gone, traces left. And he wondered about the despair of the man, destroyed by grief. It didn’t take a war to push you over that edge.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Given the obstacles to merging these fragile and diverse forms of storytelling into a single tale, it is, paradoxically, by venturing in the opposite direction -- by listening for the silences between accounts; by discovering what each genre of recordkeeping cannot tell us -- that we can capture most fully the human struggle to understand our elusive past. What this past asks of us in return is a willingness to recount all our stories -- our darkest tales as well as our most inspiring ones -- and to ponder those stories that violence has silenced forever. For until we recognize our shared capacity for inhumanity, how can we ever hope to tell stories of our mutual humanity?
Henry James, The Jolly Corner|He was a dim secondary social success -- and all with people who had truly not an idea of him. It was all mere surface sound, this murmur of their welcome, this popping of their corks -- just as his gestures of response were the extravagant shadows, emphatic in proportion as they meant little, of some game of 'ombres chinoises' [French: "shadow play"].
Joseph O'Connor, Star of the Sea|How the prisoner and the immigrant are treated by the government, how the poor are treated and those without influence: this is secretly how the government would like to treat us all.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t monitor your life, you will regret it. If you don’t measure your life you will regret it. If you don’t convert your time into products you will regret it. If you don’t multiply your life you will soon find out that your life is almost finished with nothing to show for it.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|We believe that it is possible for scientific work to gain some knowledge about the reality of the world, by means of which we can increase out power and in accordance with which we can arrange our life. If this belief is an illusion, then we are in the same position as you. But science has given us evidence by its numerous and important successes that it is no illusion.
bell hooks, The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity, and Love|This fear of maleness that they inspire estranges men from every female in their lives to greater or lesser degrees, and men feel the loss. Ultimately, one of the emotional costs of allegiance to patriarchy is to be seen as unworthy of trust. If women and girls in patriarchal culture are taught to see every male, including the males with whom we are intimate, as potential rapists and murderers, then we cannot offer them our trust, and without trust there is no love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever is content,shall be cheerful.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but for the passionate sense of the potential, for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible. Pleasure disappoints, possibility never. And what wine is so sparkling, what so fragrant, what so intoxicating, as possibility!
Steven Cuoco|I’ve reached that point in my journey, where there is more scenery in the rear view mirror than there is roadway ahead, I now have the time to write. I would rather hit the end of the road at full throttle than coast to a stop in the sunset.
A.E. Samaan|You can either have individual liberty, or dependence on the government. One is designed to undo the other.
Russell Simmons, Success Through Stillness: Meditation Made Simple|While religions and mystical traditions attempt to address the same spiritual questions with which all human beings wrestle, a religious person demands answers to questions that have no answers and attempts to demand harmony from the paradox of life. The result is less wisdom and varying degrees of bothinternal and external chaos. A mystic, on the other hand, contemplates and makes peace with unanswered questions. The great paradox is that sitting quietly with unanswered questions is the doorway to wisdom, balance, and peace.
Anna Held|When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task.
Liberty Hyde Bailey|In love, unlike most other passions, the recollection of what you have had and lost is always better than what you can hope for in the future.
Debasish Mridha|Love for each other is always there.Open your heart, feel it, it will get better.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Apocryphal|Socialism may be established by force, as in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics—or by vote, as in Nazi (National Socialist) Germany. The degree of socialization may be total, as in Russia—or partial, as in England. Theoretically, the differences are superficial; practically, they are only a matter of time. The basic principle, in all cases, is the same.
Stephen LaBerge|Dream small dreams. If you make them too big, you get overwhelmed and you don't do anything. If you make small goals and accomplish them, it gives you the confidence to go on to higher goals.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|...and spend my days surrounded by wise books, - bright windows in this life of ours, lit by the shining souls of men.
Douglas Rushkoff, Life Inc.: How the World Became a Corporation and How to Take it Back|Corporations [gained] direct access to what we may think of as our humanity, emotions, and agency but, in this context, are really just buttons.
Kastle King|The best songs are written through our anger. Even though feelings change over time, our lyrics will always remain inside the song as a way of reminding us how far and how much stronger we've become since then.
Lil Wayne|The best career advice I've gotten is to stay focused, keep moving forward.
Sunday Adelaja|A lot of people are lost 2016 famous and non famous, relative and friends. A lot of people have also been lost in 2014 it's a fact!
Daniel Webster|People seem to think that if a man is a Member of Parliament he may do what he pleases. ... Being in Parliament used to be something when I was young, but it won't make a make a gentleman now-a-days. It seems to me that none but brewers, and tallow-chandlers, and lawyers go into Parliament now.
Herman Melville|There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope.
Emily Watts, Confessions of an Unbalanced Woman|There is a world of difference between the experienceof 'care' – the wiping of a bottom, the bathing of a body: basicbiological obligations – and the intimacy that makes us wantto live.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Samurai's Tale|Remember my words: Be truthful, be kind to one another, and you will attain peace. We will meet again in another life.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|From across her husband's open grave I had thought she exuded a certain foxy mystique, but now, to my disappointment, she looked just like every other mother I knew.
Kate Chisman, Creep|Imagine all human beings swept off the face of the earth, excepting one man. Imagine this man in some vast city, New York or London. Imagine him on the third or fourth day of his solitude sitting in a house and hearing a ring at the door-bell!
Alexander Pope|The need for a college education is even more important now than it was before, but I think that the increased costs are a very severe obstacle to access. It is an American dream, and I think that one of our challenges is to find a way to make that available.
Hank Bracker|From the Bridge”The Importance of HistoryNot all that many years ago the Importance of history would have been a “no brainer!” People understood that there was very little new under the sun, and history was a good barometer to the future. “Those that fail to heed history are doomed to repeat it, “was an adage frequently heard. It gave us a perspective by which to stabilize our bearings and allowed us to find one of the few ways by which we could understand who we are. The myth that George Washington, not being able to lie, admitted to chopping down his father’s favorite cherry tree helped us create a moral compass. Abraham Lincoln’s moniker “Honest Abe,” took root when he worked as a young store clerk in New Salem, IL. The name stuck before he became a lawyer or a politician. His writings show that he valued honesty and in 1859 when he ran for the presidency the nickname became his campaign slogan. However, apparently ”Honest Abe” did lie about whether he was negotiating with the South to end the war and also knowingly concealed some of the most lethal weapons ever devised during the Civil War." These however, were very minor infractions when compared to what we are now expected to believe from our politicians.Since World War II the pace of life has moved faster than ever and may actually have overrun our ability to understand the significance and value of our own honesty. We no longer turn to our past for guidance regarding the future; rather we look into our future in terms of what we want and how we will get it. We have developed to the point that we are much smarter than our ancestors and no longer need their morality and guidance. What we don’t know we frequently fabricate and in most cases, no one picks up on it and if they do, it really doesn’t seem to matter. In short the past has become outdated, obsolete and therefore has become largely irrelevant to us. Being less informed about our past is not the result of a lack of information or education, but of ambivalence and indifference. Perhaps history belongs to the ages but not to us. To a great extent we as a people really do not believe that history matters very much, if at all. My quote “History is not owned solely by historians. It is part of everyone’s heritage,” was written for the opening page of my award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba.” Not only is it the anchor holding our Ship of State firmly secure, it is the root of our very being. Yes, history is important. In centuries past this statement would have been self-evident. Our predecessors devoted much time and effort in teaching their children history and it helped provide the foundation to understanding who they were. It provided them a reference whereby they could set their own life’s goals. However society has, to a great extent, turned its back on the past. We now live in an era where the present is most important and our future is being built on shifting sand. We, as a people are presently engaged in a struggle for economic survival and choose to think of ourselves in terms of where wind and tide is taking us, rather than where we came from. We can no longer identify with our ancestors, thus they are no longer relevant. Their lives were so different from our own that they no longer can shed any light on our experience or existence. Therefore, in the minds of many of us, the past no longer has the value it once had nor do we give it the credence it deserves. As in war, the truth is the first victim; however this casualty threatens the very fabric of our being. When fact and fiction are interchanged to satisfy the moment, the bedrock of history in undermined. When we depend on the truth to structure our future, it is vital that it be based on truthful history and the honesty of those who write it. It is a crime without penalty when our politicians tell us lies. In fact they are often shamefully rewarded; encouraging them to become even more blatant in the lies they tell.
Debasish Mridha|Such as the sun,let us love everyone,now feel and behold,the dance of your spirit and joy of your soul.
Ma Jun|Environmental agencies in China are hamstrung by local officials who put economic growth ahead of environmental protection; even the courts are beholden to local officials, and they are not open to environmental litigation.
Bill Bigelow|...we are partisan in favor of our own children and grandchildren, who we hope can live in a world that doesn't poison them when they drink the water, breathe the air, or make a living.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|Like water poured from one vessel to another, metta ﬂows freely, taking the shape of each situation without changing its essence.
Robin McLaurin Williams|The problem is, God gave man a brain and a penis and only enough blood to run one at a time.
Tziporah Heller, Our Bodies, Our Souls: A Jewish Perspective on Feminine Spirituality|A woman's sense of self and power should come not from the number of heads she can turn, but rather from the minds and hearts she can turn.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring Photo Guide|We're the gray area, angel. We're the pieces of the puzzle they don't know what to do with, the pieces that don't quite fit into their perfect little picture, so they choose to discard us, to keep their image untainted, but we can only be ignored for so long. Because eventually, whether they want to admit it or not, all of their black and white will bleed together anyway.
James Morcan, The Ninth Orphan|Contrary to the media circus which portrayed politicians as all-powerful figures, Kentbridge knew from experience the vast majority of US Government officials – elected or otherwise – were puppets who only had the illusion of power.
Andrea Speed, Bloodlines|Gimme an honest frown over a false smile, any day.
Lee Strobel, What Jesus Would Say: To Rush Limbaugh, Madonna, Bill Clinton, Michael Jordan, Bart Simpson, and You|To Jesus she already is somebody. Like the loving father of the prodigal son, Jesus is frantically scanning the horizon, watching for Madonna to return to him. He's absolutely convinced that she's so valuable that she's worth dying for. 'Greater love has no one than this,' said Jesus in John 15:13, 'that one lay down his life for his friends.' That's what He did for her on the cross!
Felicity Everett, The People at Number 9|The thing is, Sara, writing's scary. You have to be prepared to go deep......And when your brain's shouting, 'No, no, no, I'm not going to think that thought; it's too dirty, it's too scary, it's too painful,' that's when you must make yourself think it and make yourself write it.
John Grisham, The Partner|Bad moments don't last forever, things do get better.
Roger Daltrey|I like being a Baha'i who has an out-there sense of humor. God gives us talents and faculties, and making people laugh is one of mine.
John le Carré, Smiley's People|Put it this way, George,” he suggested, when he had savoured the night air for a moment. “You traveling on business, or for pleasure in this thing? Which is it?Smiley’s reply was also slow in coming, and as indirect: “I was never conscious of pleasure,” he said. “Or perhaps I mean: of the distinction.
M.L. Wang, Theonite: Planet Adyn|Power means different things to different people. For poets and politicians, words are power. For some, money is power. For most of Earth’s history, weaponry and resources have constituted power. My grandfather always told me—and I believed for many years—that knowledge was power. But the funny thing about power is that no matter what you think it is, or how much you think you have, it’s the people above and all around you who get the final say.
Arzum Uzun|Summer in Honolulu brings the sweet smell of mangoes, guava, and passionfruit, ripe for picking; it arbors the streets with the fiery red umbrellas of poincianta trees and decorates the sidewalks with the pink and white puffs of blossoming monkeypods. Cooling trade winds prevail all summer, bringing what the old Hawaiians called makani 'olu' 'olu--- "fair wind".
Annalee Newitz, Scatter, Adapt, and Remember: How Humans Will Survive a Mass Extinction|Are we not witnessing a strange tableau of survival whenever a bird alights on the head of a crocodile, bringing together the evolutionary offspring of Triassic and Jurassic?
Chester Brown|Because I am not formally trained in the medical sciences, I can bring in new ideas to AIDS research and the cross-fertilization of ideas from different fields could be a valuable contribution to finding the cure for AIDS.
Peggy Haymes, Strugglers, Stragglers and Seekers: daily devotions for the rest of us|In the end when God does speak, it is not the pious friends who are commended. God tells then they have been guilty of misrepresenting God. Only Job – only angry, defiant, doubting Job has been faithful.The story of Job reminds us that God is not offended when we question. Indeed, if anything God is offended when we speak too glibly. Make room in your heart for the angry, defiant and doubting questions. You may find God there as well.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your reason and your passion are the rudder and the sails of your seafaring soul.For reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.Therefore let your soul exalt your reason to the height of passion, that it may sing;And let it direct your passion with reason, that your passion may livethrough its own daily resurrection, and like the phoenix rise above its own ashes.And since you are a breath in God’s sphere, and a leaf in God’s forest, you too should rest in reason and move in passion.
Gena Showalter, The One You Want|Oh, sweet! New man meat’s made it to town, y’all. Let’s gobble.
Gertrude Stein, Picasso|I never wanted to be saved, just loved in ways that would make the Gods jealous.
Ernie Banks|Years ago I wanted to buy an apartment in New York City. I was a single female - I had gone through my divorce - I had three children, I was in show business and black. It was, like, impossible.
J.A. ANUM|I touched curiosity,I kissed sin, I felt regret,And I was forgiven.But life won't let me forget.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|...the three things I cannot change are the past, the truth, and you.
Patricia Goldbach|I don't know what's more tragic, knowing how to read and choosing not to, or not knowing how to read and refusing to learn.
Bertrand Russell|Take away the Book of Mormon and the revelations, and where is our religion? We have none.
Sadhguru|So, as you do the practice, if you are connected with your consciousness, then the mind is just free. It is so free that everything that you have smelled, tasted, touched, heard and seen is all there. You don’t have to try to remember anything; it is all simply there. You can just pull it back. Memory is not about remembering, memory is just about your ability to bring back the data, isn’t it?
José Saramago|There were a lot of things he could say. "Son of a bitch!" would have been a good one. Or he could say, "Welcome to civilization!" He could have said, "Laugh this one off!" He might have said, "Fetch!" But he didn’t, because if he had said any of those things then he’d have known that what he had just done was murder.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Whose idea was it that we should all get jobs, work faster, work better, race from place to place with our brains stewing on tweets, blogs, and sound bites, on must-see movies, must-do experiences, must-have gadgets, when in the end, all any of us will have is our simple beating heart, reaching up for the connection to whoever might be in the room or leaning into our mattress as we draw our last breath?
David Mitchell|Note found in the patron suggestion box:"You have SIGNS up near the computers that say BE QUIET, but people don't be quiet. They laugh out loud and talk out loud. Libraries used to be quiet, but they aren't anymore because you let all the assholes in!!!!!
Cora Carmack, Roar|No tragedies here, Roar. This world will make you a victim every chance it gets. Don't let it.
Tiffany Winfree|You can't stop Greatness; you can only try to delay it. And when you try to delay it, it just gets Greater because it gains new strength.
Al Jarreau|At Thanksgiving, I always start at the top of my list and say I'm grateful for friends, family, and good health. Then I get more superficial... like being thankful for my Louboutins.
Buzz Aldrin|The science is settled; it's not even a consensus, it is a unanimity that human life begins at conception.
Christopher Morley, Inward, Ho!|Even the most innocent of men's affairs seem doomed to cause suffering. Pushing the lawnmower through tall wet grass, and enjoying the strong aroma of the morning, I found that the blades had cut a frog in half. I have not forgotten his eyes.
Nikolai Gogol|Ah,steeds,steeds,what is steeds! Has the whirlwind a home in your manes? Is there a sensitive ear, alert as a flame, in your every fiber? Hearing the familiar song from above, all in one accord you strain your bronze chests and, hooves barely touching the ground, turn into straight lines cleaving the air, and all inspired by God it rushes on!
Brad Warner, Hardcore Zen: Punk Rock, Monster Movies and the Truth About Reality|If I know better than you know what I am up to, it is only because I spend more time with myself than you do.
Homaro Cantu|I remember when I was working at Sprint, I'd work on my birthday, New Year's Day, and even Christmas Eve. I'm just used to working on my birthday, so I'll be celebrating it afterward.
Francis Ford Coppola|In other words, if a teacher only teaches in one way, then they conclude that the kids who can't learn well that way don't have the ability, when, in fact, it may be that the way the teacher's teaching is not a particularly good match to the way those kids learn.
Edmund Morgan|I voted against my party with some frequency, because of my independence. I've just got to remind Missourians that I am independent and that I try to call them like I see them, and sometimes my party is wrong on some things.
Jeanette Winterson|Strictly speaking, nothing that’s said is true. (Though one can be the truth, one can’t ever say it.)
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|Men know they are sexual exiles. They wander the earth seeking satisfaction, craving and despising, never content. There is nothing in that anguished motion for women to envy.
G.P. Burdon|Seriously, what would you prefer? To stand out from everyone else, or disappear in the crowd? Because I call the latter 'sheep.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|Daily discipline is the door to full freedom, and the discipline to count to one thousand gave way to the freedom of wonder and I can't imagine not staying awake to God in the moment, the joy in the now.
Russell Kyle, Awakened Living: A Practical Guide to the Spiritual Life|If you want to understand the causes of aggression, study police officers
Meredith Sayles Hughes, Flavor Foods: Spices & Herbs|After 1656 the Dutch, who had gained control over the Moluccas, chose the islands that could be most easily defended. They then burned all the nutmeg trees on the other islands to make sure no one else could profit from the trees. Anyone caught trying to smuggle nutmeg out of the Moluccas was put to death. The Dutch also dipped all their nutmegs in lime (a caustic substance) to stop the seed from sprouting and to prevent people from planting their own trees. Pigeons, however, defied these Dutch precautions. Birds could eat nutmeg fruits, fly to another island and leave the seeds behind in their droppings.
T. J. Miller|Sometime in the early Seventies, gender-free toys were briefly a popular idea. So at Christmas on the California beach in 1972, we downplayed the dolls with frilly dresses and loaded up Santa's sack with toy trucks and earth movers for our three daughters.
Auliq Ice|Life without making progress is dead. What is life if you don't embrace new truths that scare you, meet people who intimidate you, and so on.
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yet.
George H. W. Bush|Without economic development, any potential for political openness and freedom will be questionable.
Ian Rush|You must respect people and work hard to be in shape. And I used to train very hard. When the others players went to the beach after training, I was there kicking the ball.
Rachel Cusk|I was on a starvation diet to look like I was near death in a film... but I went at it with a plan, and I had a guide; a nutritionist kind of helped me with it.
George MacDonald|Human beings are consistent with regard to codes of honor, but endlessly fickle with regard to whom those codes apply. E.N. Wilson
Winston Churchill|The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
Henny Youngman|Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it.
John Quincy Adams|A person does not grow from the ground like a vine or a tree, one is not part of a plot of land. Mankind has legs so it can wander.
Debasish Mridha|If you want inner peace, unconditionally forgive everyone. If you want world peace, be an example and love everyone.
Karan Bajaj, The Seeker|Light makes light even brighter, but does not cancel it.
Unarine Ramaru|Do not justify art, once you do, it limits the feelings it is apt to inflict. Art with Boundaries shadows all its principles.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|To instill the values for the culture was and is the responsibility of the leadership, and staff alignment was critical to its success. It started with both board and staff. They realized that they needed to share the same value system that says, “I am the equipper, not the doer.” If not, there were going to be immense roadblocks to effectively mobilizing people for ministry.
Jade Chang, The Wangs vs. the World|Genuine tranquility of the heart and perfect peace of mind, the highest blessings on earth after health, are to be found only in solitude and, as a permanent disposition, only in the deepest seclusion.
Howard Zinn|I love the idea of a woman being able to discover the idea of power this way, on such a scale. And I don't know about that, what it means - well, I guess I'd better, or my part's in trouble.
Colleen Patrick-Goudreau, Vegan's Daily Companion: 365 Days of Inspiration for Cooking, Eating, and Living Compassionately|Do what you can, when you can.
John Seabrook, The Song Machine: Inside the Hit Factory|They told me exactly how it worked, the marketing of it. Our target market was always going to be young teenage girls, because boys are into sports, and they like buying jerseys and caps and so on, for baseball or football, things of that nature, whereas the girls are totally enthralled with the band. . . . They don’t have money, but they have access to a large supply of it: their aunts, uncles, grandmas, grandpas, who would spend money on them for a concert or merchandise sooner than they would spend it on themselves.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In our formative years, every person begins creating a self that can keep him or her company through later stages in life. It requires concentrated effort to create self-hood. The task of creating a fully developed human being is an ongoing process, an open-ended assignment. The goal of self-hood is to evade slipping into a state of thoughtlessness, where we fail to take ownership of our thoughts, deeds, and lifestyle.
Graham Taylor|I also meet with city officials, representatives from governors' offices, really anyone in that sort of position who has shown an interest in youth fitness, to let them know why this sort of program is so important. I give the same message when I speak at conferences.
Margaret Qualley|I think I grew up with a profound sense of watching people who were good people, who were smart people, who were hardworking people - God, nobody on this Earth worked harder than my mom and dad - and they had very little.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|Dignified in what she does, when she sings the smile that she brings to all of you unaware of what's to come, I said tell me what's to come.
Anna Todd, After|My life before him was so simple and decided, now after him...It's just...After.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|You have a heart, you have a face,You are a girl with a grace,You are simple, you are true,You are catching and I love you.
Himanshu Chhabra|There is no loss bigger than losing your manuscript, not even love.
Keira D. Skye|Keegan felt nervous as Rourk walked toward her. What should she say? In an instant, he stood in front of her. She felt his fingers trace the side of her face. She looked up into his grey eyes as he leaned down and kissed her.Keegan had kissed boys before, but she’d never felt anything like this.
Philip Kerr|Scotland is the only case in the world where the poor part of a territory wants to separate from the rich part. If independence came, one option is to keep the pound as its currency, so that all economic decisions will continue to be taken by the Bank of England.
Chris Marlow, Doing Good Is Simple: Making a Difference Right Where You Are|One of my greatest fears, and what might be one of the greatest obstacles to ending or putting a massive dent in extreme poverty alleviation, is this: when everyday, normal people feel as if they can't help. Let me repeat: this is a tragedy.In fact, I would say it is the ordinary people who will determine how much impact is done in the world. It's the ordinary folks who have a great responsibility. If individuals like you and me decide in our hearts to be deliberate and care for the poor, there is no doubt we can truly see the majority of extreme poverty vanish into thin air.
Peter Ackroyd, Albion: The Origins of the English Imagination|It is the kind of stoicism which had been seen as characteristic of Anglo-Saxon poetry, perhaps nowhere better expressed than in 'The Battle of Maldon' where the most famous Saxon or English cry has been rendered - 'Courage must be the firmer, heart the bolder, spirit must be the greater, as our strength grows less'. That combination of bravery and fatalism, endurance and understatement, is the defining mood of Arhurian legend.
Assotto Saint|Pegasus's dad was poseidon, the god of the sea, and his mom was Medusa, and evil Gorgon who had fangs and lizard skin and living snakes for hair. And you thought your family was weird.
Robin Williams|Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Stan Sudan, Sisters of Light|When the filly, the maiden, the boy and the warrior are ready to take up their Destinies, each will know it. The filly will become a mare, the maiden a woman, the boy a man. The Warrior, however, will pick up a stick and walk from his mother, his people, and his land, and never once remove his eyes from the true red road that lies beneath his feet. And yet, he will never know that he is on his Path. (From Brothers of Light)
Patricia Pearson|Because our attachment to control is either unexamined or addictive, we do not understand that by relinquishing control and providing choice, we increase our influence and impact many times over.
Joseph Beuys, What Is Art?: Conversations with Joseph Beuys|Truth must be found in reality, not systems.
Shannon L. Alder|I could crawl inside the lyrics and know each note intimately. They would claw at my soul, until I could no longer fight the emotions that took me to a place I couldn't experience. But, it was the possibility that made every verse a heart filled prediction and every beat a direction to follow.
Robin McKinley, Shadows|[the sheep] sidled up beside him and bumped him lovingly with its head. Val looked at it sadly. "I am sorry, you ugly creature," he said. "I have not used my magic in a long time, and I am very out of practice.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some of the people who hate me love some of the sentences that I have written, until they get to the name of the person to whom the sentences are attributed.
Tarja Halonen|The poor have to labour in the face of the majestic equality of the law, which forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Virginia M. Axline|...even though we do not have the wisdom to enumerate the reasons for the behaviour of another person, we can grant that every individual does have his private world of meaning, conceived out of the integrity and dignity of his personality.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Vegans have a way of circling every conversation back to food, much like born-again Christians have a way of returning every conversation to the scripture.
Margaret Kim Peterson, Keeping House: The Litany of Everyday Life|It is hard to convince people of this, but oatmeal truly is miraculous. It gives you an amazing amount of energy, like cocaine.
C. JoyBell C.|Let go of the mistakes and the sins of others. You'll have plenty of time to make your own mistakes, the rest of your life to commit your own sins.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Yes, I'm a materialist. I'm willing to be shown wrong, but that has not happened — yet. And I admit that the reason I'm unable to accept the claims of psychic, occult, and/or supernatural wonders is because I'm locked into a world-view that demands evidence rather than blind faith, a view that insists upon the replication of all experiments — particularly those that appear to show violations of a rational world — and a view which requires open examination of the methods used to carry out those experiments.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Arm yourself with wisdom,arm yourself with knowledge;folly is a fierce lion roaming the streets.
Yoleen Valai, The Rebirth of Francesca|There are many of us who live alongside others, less fortunate, watching them go through everyday suffering for one reason or another, and we’re not moving even our little finger to help them. It’s in human nature, unfortunately: for the most part, the only people we genuinely care about are ourselves. However, once in a while we encounter different species, different kind of human beings among us: full of compassion, willing and wanting to help, and doing so with joy and happiness. Those are a rarity. But you know what, my dear? Being one of them is not a special calling- it’s a choice. So what will you choose, huh?
Vironika Tugaleva|It is easy for us to criticize the prejudices of our grandfathers, from which our fathers freed themselves. It is more difficult to distance ourselves from our own beliefs so that we can dispassionately search for prejudices among them.
Anthony Liccione|Nothing is in the middle of somewhere, surrounded by everything, where everyone is someplace, and still lacking the someone, I need most.
Patrick Hennessey, The Junior Officers' Reading Club: Killing Time And Fighting Wars|In fact, second lieutenants were primary-school teachers. Sure, teachers with guns, but a platoon commander was, nonetheless, the guy who sorted out the working day for 30 men under his command, taught their lessons, helped them with their homework, sorted out their petty squabbles and put plasters on their knees when they fell over in the playground.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|Mia,' she whispered. I turned around. 'What?' I whispered back.She smiled at me a little. 'LEEERRROOOY JEEENNKKIINNNSS!' she shouted, then spun around and ran toward the Z's in the lighting section.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|A lie is an affront to the soul, as well as an insult to the intelligence of the person to whom one lies.
Haruki Murakami, Kino|Sunsets.The illusion either above the horizon or below it. When day and night are linked in a way that cannot be one without the other, yet they cannot exist at the same time.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Alphabet: a symbolic system used in algebra, with applications that have yet to be discovered by dyslexics and two thirds of college graduates.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|When you're in my arms, I know you're mine. But your feet are so swift, so swift, they carry you as lightly as wings, I never know where, too fast, too fast away from me.
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|If a gesture is the most powerful command that you have, then words mean very little.
Melody Manful, Dominion|I kicked off my shoes and pulled his hand away from the wheel so I could straddle his lap and hold him. His grip on me was excruciatingly tight, but I didn't complain. We were on an insanely busy street, with endless cars rumbling past on one side and a crush of pedestrians on the other, but neither of us cared. He was shaking violently, as if he were sobbing uncontrollably, but he made no sound and shed no tears.The sky cried for him, the rain coming down hard and angry, steaming off the ground.
Stephen Richards|Stop being a mystery, discover yourself!
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|You know what politique is? It is the French word for a lie. Kdoub! Politique! When you hear the French say: our politique, you know they mean: our lies. And when you hear the Moslems, the Friends of Independence, say: our politique, you know they mean: our lies. All lies are sins. And so, which displeases Allah more, a lie told by a Nazarene, who doesn’t know the true faith from the false, or a lie told by a Moslem, who does?
Heide Schönemann, Fritz Lang. Filmbilder, Vorbilder|With an evermore increase of industrialisation machine stops being merely a tool, develops a life of its own and imposes its rhythm onto human. Operating it he moves mechanically, becomes part of the machine.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|In the void, there is no distinction of east and west."Gwen blinked slightly at that. "I know all of those words, and yet when strung together like that I have no idea what they mean.
Charlotte Eriksson|It's the smell of him in the bathroom, all I need to get ready for the day. Watching him get dressed, and the sound in the kitchen; a slow hum of a song and his movements, picking things to eat. The way I could observe him, for hours, just go on with his day – or as he sleeps – simply breathing in and out, in and out, and it's like the hymn that sings me to peace. I know the world is still out there and I know I'm not yet friendly to its pace, but as long as I know him with me, here, there, somewhere – us – I know I have a chance.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|There are things I need to say first. Things you need to hear before we go any further."	She tensed. "Oh, God, are you married?"	He chuckled. "No, nothing like that."	"Good," she replied, letting out a relieved breath.	"I want you to know you've made this very difficult for me. I had a speech prepared. Then I see you like this." His finger continued to trail down her stomach, tracing the rim of her panties. "And I can't even remember my damn name.
Ellen Herrick, The Forbidden Garden|None of this Mad Mario showmanship- orange clogs and Bermuda shorts fit for Babar, sweetbreads garnished with squash blossoms stuffed with cheese from the milk of Angora goats who live in the Pyrenees. Litchi sorbet veined with coconut milk and honey from Crete.
S.E. Hinton, Some of Tim's Stories|An appetite for knowledge is apt to rush one off one's feet, like any other appetite if not curbed. I often stand in the in the centre of the Library here and think despairingly how impossible it is ever to become possessed of all the wealth of facts and ideas contained in the books surrounding me on every hand.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|Let mental suffering be intense enough, and it becomes a sort of carminative.
Nalini Singh, Heart of Obsidian|To fight evil, you have to understand the dark.
David Suzuki|I think in the NFL knowledge is power, and you try to get the knowledge by whatever means.
Andrea Dworkin, Scapegoat: The Jews, Israel, and Women's Liberation|Often, to keep the family together, the woman will accept repeated beatings and rapes, emotional battering and verbal degredation; she will be debased and ashamed but she will stick it out, or when she runs he will kill her. Ask the politicians who exude delight when they advocate for the so-called traditional family how many women are beaten and children raped when there is no man in the family. Zero is such a perfect and encouraging number, but who, among politicians in male-supremacist cultures, can count that high?
Eric Powell|90/93-year-old Jacob wonders as he gazes at his aged reflection, 'When did I stop being me?
Gore Vidal, Julian|The famous atheist Christopher Hitchens once declared that ‘You’re expelled from your mother’s uterus as if shot from a cannon, towards a barn door studded with old nail files and rusty hooks.’ Presumably that was what he had in mind when conceiving his three children.
Abhishek Sundarraman|Life is but a journey,if relationship and money are the passengers of that very train leading towards your destination,One thing to be kept in mind is former is far superior to achieve than the latter,Remember that latter lies even with a beggar(not by virtue of money but people) who does not realize the true value of the former
Lauren Bowles|A vegan diet takes care of most of what we need to do. But you'll also want to minimize the use of oils generally, because while olive oil and other vegetable oils are better for your heart than chicken fat, they are as fattening as animal fats.
Ron Brackin|Judging art is like caging a bird. Instead of seeing it soar, you can only watch it flutter.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Life is like the wind on the ocean; if it is against you, it doesn’t really matter what direction it comes from or what direction it blows. It also doesn’t matter what you do or fail to do. So you are better off doing whatever you want.
Tim Ryan|My mom is a wonderful woman. She's always been an inspiration to me, but having kids helped me make even more sense of my relationship with her.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want your inner light to shine brighter, illuminate someone else’s.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos for the Next Millennium|The mythology of Doctor Who has built into it the continuation, evolution, and longevity of the character’s mythical qualities through his regenerative process. I have to agree with Lou Anders, when he states: “Doctor Who is the truest expression of Joseph Campbell’s Hero with a Thousand Faces ever conceived. The idea of an alien, come down to earth, repeatedly dying and resurrecting for the salvation of others is as close to the perpetual reenactment of the eternal Hero’s Journey as you can hope to find.”(6)
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Nothing but prayer can make saints because nothing but God can make saints, and we meet God in prayer. Prayer is the hospital for souls where we meet Doctor God.
Danielle Jordan|If you give them enough of yourself, they might realize that you're bleeding out from the pieces of you you keep giving them, and maybe give you something back. But then they don't. So you sit there. Less than you were.
Alexandra Potter, Who's That Girl?|Were I to fall in love, indeed, it would be a different thing! but I have never been in love; it is not my way, or my nature; and I do not think I ever shall. And, without love, I am sure I should be a fool to change such a situation as mine.
Raphael Carter, The Fortunate Fall|As his dark closet shows, Bluebeard was a collector at heart, and even after dispatching a wife, could not let her fully depart.
Charlie Pierce|I'm interested in time, fame, death, beauty, truth, all those things.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|In the light, we read the inventions of others; in the darkness we invent our own stories. 
Winston Churchill|I hate all politics. I don't like either political party. One should not belong to them - one should be an individual, standing in the middle. Anyone that belongs to a party stops thinking.
Michael J. Sullivan|One truth doesn't refute another. Truth doesn't lie in the object, but in how we see it.
Abigail Roux, Divide & Conquer|This Saturday? As in tomorrow Saturday? We have to give lectures in twelve hours? We're not prepared for that! I can't just pull a cyber-crimes lecture out of my ass!" He could, but it was the principle of the thing.
Lauren Beukes, Broken Monsters|Moon is a shining ball,from the window on my wall.Moon is blemish-laden,from the terrace of my mansion.Moon is a cold flame,from the porthole of my airplane.Yet I have heard,Moon is muse to philosophy brothers,Moon is nurse to romantic lovers.How can it be so various?Are we not the same?Or did the Moon really change?
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|The play is independent of the pages on which it is printed, and ‘pure geometries’ are independent of lecture rooms, or of any other detail of the physical world.
Emily VanCamp|To me, a cat is an easy pet, they don't need any spoiling or looking after.
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|The day you ever have that much control over my behavior, it will be because somebody's asking you, should she get the pine box or a plain white shroud?
L.J. Shen, Defy|Why the anchor?""Because sometimes, it's nice to feel like there's someone who can save you.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Antifeminists are the only ones who benefit from their version of working on women's behalf; in reality, they put other women at risk and fail to solce any larger problems.
Stephanie Hudson, The Two Kings|You have to let go of your past Keira. These scars you hold are only skin deep, they do not connect to your heart or your soul. These scars do not define you, you define them. They do not represent death and destruction like you think, they represent life, the life you chose to want to live... so... make it worth it.
Lisa A. Mininni|Leaders are never measured by their success but rather by the success of those they've been entrusted to lead. Therefore, a leader can never be considered successful until those they lead are successful.
Leila Janah|Must we wait for selection to solve the problems of overpopulation, exhaustion of resources, pollution of the environment and a nuclear holocaust, or can we take explicit steps to make our future more secure? In the latter case, must we not transcend selection?
Ogwo David Emenike|Many of the younger generation know my name in a vague way and connect it with grotesque inventions, but don't believe that I ever existed as a person. They think I am a nonperson, just a name that signifies a tangled web of pipes or wires or strings that suggest machinery. My name to them is like a spiral staircase, veal cutlets, barber's itch—terms that give you an immediate picture of what they mean.
Andrew Shaffer, Fifty-one Shades: A Parody|My shift isn’t over until six,” I say glumly.“Hold on,” he says. He pulls a Blackberry from his coat pocket and taps out a text. It buzzes, and he taps out another text before stashing it back in his pocket. “I think you can take the rest of the afternoon off.”“I only have a week left, but my boss would kill me,” I say.“I’m your boss, Anna.”“What do you mean?”There’s that smile again, the one with all those teeth. “I just bought Walmart,” he says.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Come on, let your silly egotistical self be gone! And then only THAT WHICH IS will be shown.
Anthony Liccione|Don't let reality, get in way of your dreams.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Technologies of easy travel "give us wings; they annihilate the toil and dust of pilgrimage; they spiritualize travel! Transition being so facile, what can be any man’s inducement to tarry in one spot? Why, therefore, should he build a more cumbrous habitation than can readily be carried off with him? Why should he make himself a prisoner for life in brick, and stone, and old worm-eaten timber, when he may just as easily dwell, in one sense, nowhere,—in a better sense, wherever the fit and beautiful shall offer him a home?
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata: A Poem for a Way of Life|A journal takes the place of a confidant, that is, of friend or wife; it becomes a substitute for production, a substitute for country and public. It is a grief-cheating device, a mode of escape and withdrawal; but, factotum as it is, though it takes the place of everything, properly speaking it represents nothing at all...
James P. Blaylock, Night Relics|There was a time when that kind of thing looked like the kingdom of heaven, but somewhere along the line it had lost its glow. Maybe that was just the cost of growing up. And maybe the cost of growing up was too high.
|Are you confident because of your worldly possessions or because of who you positively are? The problem with being confident because of the worldly thing that you have, is that you would be very likely to lose it if you were to be in the midst of people who have more possessions than you.
Abbie Hoffman|We live in a multi-cultural society far more open to international ideas. If you'd told me 20 years ago I'd drive through Bury and see someone sitting outside a cafe drinking a latte, I'd have laughed. In fact, I wouldn't have even known what a latte was.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The life of a leader becomes intertwined with the expectations of those influenced as well as society in general. The expectations are so high, sometimes seemingly unreasonable, but all the same a reality that can only be brushed aside to the detriment of the one who does so. The majority of the eyes scrutinizing your life as a leader are not close or obvious – but they exist everywhere. Waiting for you to slip up or make a mistake so they can point, shout, criticize or destroy. Such is the immeasurable influence of leadership and what it attracts to itself.
merlin8thomas|I THINK MYSELF TO BE SMART,I WOULD WIN EVEN THE DART,SUCCESS IS IN MY CART,TILL I KNOW REALITY PART,I DON'T KNOW EVEN TO START.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|Hush Hattie!" I said, intoxicated with my success. "I don't want to go to my room. Everyone must know I shan't marry the prince." I ran to the door to our street, opened it, and called out into the night, "I shan't marry the prince." I turned back into the hall and ran to Char and threw my arms about his neck. "I shan't marry you." I kissed his cheek. He was safe from me.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t want to just live an ordinary life, then you will have to be intentional about converting all your time into that which you have been called to do.
Mary Karr, Lit|I'd spent way more years worrying about how to look like a poet -- buying black clothes, smearing on scarlet lipstick, languidly draping myself over thrift-store furniture -- than I had learning how to assemble words in some discernible order.
Lynn Hubbard|quote from Chase the Moon- Some people are just downright wicked, and sometimes evil wins - but not always.
Tatyana Eckstrand|On less lucid evenings, every library is a haunted cemetery.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I needed to tell him, silently, that things might change, grow, or fail, but that life did go on. That we were all part of some great cycle, some pattern that it was only God's purpose to understand.
Jessica N. Watkins, Secrets of a Side Bitch 3|Before the dick, I had my shit together. I had goals, dreams, and aspirations. But after the dick, I was lost, turned out all over again, and needed Iyanla to fix my life.
Chuck Close|The advice I like to give young artists, or really anybody who'll listen to me, is not to wait around for inspiration. Inspiration is for amateurs; the rest of us just show up and get to work. If you wait around for the clouds to part and a bolt of lightning to strike you in the brain, you are not going to make an awful lot of work. All the best ideas come out of the process; they come out of the work itself. Things occur to you. If you're sitting around trying to dream up a great art idea, you can sit there a long time before anything happens. But if you just get to work, something will occur to you and something else will occur to you and something else that you reject will push you in another direction. Inspiration is absolutely unnecessary and somehow deceptive. You feel like you need this great idea before you can get down to work, and I find that's almost never the case.
Mira Grant, Deadline|Nowdays, Rosie the Rivetere was a former soccer mom who had just opened her own catering business when Last Night came down and her husband and kids were eaten by a parking attendant at the local megamall’s discount- appliance emporium.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Withhold a smile only when the smile can hurt someone. Otherwise, let it bloom forth in a riot.
Sylvia Plath|We should meet in another life, we should meet in air, me and you.
Jeanne Darst, Fiction Ruined My Family|We could all have been killed -or worse, expelled.
Stephan Attia, Equinox|And in the vine of the divine, There is a fine line;Between tragedy and comedy,That a man cannot define.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Does a population have informed consent when that population is not taught the inner workings of its monetary system, and then is drawn, all unknowing, into economic adventures?
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|I think it evidently appears, that there is no science, office, or dignity, which Women have not an equal right to share in with the Men: Since there can be no superiority, but that of brutal strength, shewn in the latter, to entitle them to engross all power and prerogative to themselves: nor any incapacity proved in the former, to disqualify them of their right, but what is owing to the unjust oppression of the Men, and might be easily removed.
Patrick Geddes|One likes to think that one anticipates changes in the spaces we inhabit, and our ideas about space.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Perfect Cover|At that point in time, there were three things in life that I knew for certain: (1) I was a girl who’d never met a site she couldn’t hack or a code she couldn’t break, (2) I had a roundhouse that could put a grown man in the hospital, and (3) I would without question chop off my own hands before I’d come within five feet of a pom-pom
Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch|Because we always have a choice, even when it feels like we don't.
Isaac Bashevis Singer, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|He feels himself buried in those two infinities, the ocean and the sky, at one and the same time: the one is a tomb; the other is a shroud.
Eartha Kitt|Nothing and no one in the world could kill the love I have for you. I have surrendered my whole individuality, the very essence of my being to you. I have given you my body time after time to treat as you pleased. All the hoardings of my imagination I have laid bare to you. There isn't a recess in my brain into which you haven't penetrated. I have clung to you and caressed you and slept with you and I would like to tell the whole world that I clamour for you. You are my lover and I am your mistress, and kingdoms and empires and governments have tottered and succumbed before now to that mighty combination-- the most powerful in the world.
Ruth Wind, Light of Day|When you step from the wings onto the stage you go from total blackness to a blinding hot glare. After a moment you adjust, but there is that moment. like being inside lightning.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|Oddly, the burned hand didn't seem to hurt much anymore; it was only numb. It would have been better if there had been pain. Pain was at least real.
Chloe Neill, Twice Bitten|When other little girls wanted to be ballet dancers, I kind of wanted to be a vampire.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you focus on the sunshine in life, you will see the darkness fade.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Paulette had never been flush with self-confidence. People took that as humility, but humility isn’t painful and crippling. She hadn’t yet learned that humble and self-destructive aren’t the same thing at all. They’re not even on the same team. - From "The Gardens of Ailana" handbook for healers & mystics
James W. Sire, Habits of the Mind: Intellectual life as a Christian calling|For is it not the common experience of all of us - you and I - that we do no incorporate the truth of these propositions in our lives? We say we know, but we do not do as we know. We say we believe, but we do not act like it.
Chris Burkmenn|Life isn't about being perfect, it's about being perfected.
Will Smith|I hate organized religion. I think you have to love thy neighbor as thyself. I think you have to pick your own God and be true to him. I always say 'him' rather than 'her.' Maybe it's because of my generation, but I don't like the idea of a female God. I see God as a benevolent male.
Chrissy Teigen|Strong women, that's who I really respect.
Terri  Clark, Hollyweird|I didn't want to go to hell, but even the idea of reclaining my halo scared me because it would mean leaving Aly.
bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope|Pit race against race, religion against religion, prejudice against prejudice. Divide and conquer! We must not let that happen here.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|The tram’s fate is to travel only on its track. But for man, everywhere is a track; everywhere is his fate!
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Music escapes from words: that is its purpose, and its majesty.
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|Before a Cat will condescendTo treat you as a trusted friend,Some little token of esteemIs needed, like a dish of cream;And you might now and then supplySome caviare, or Strassburg Pie,Some potted grouse, or salmon paste —He's sure to have his personal taste.(I know a Cat, who makes a habitOf eating nothing else but rabbit,And when he's finished, licks his pawsSo's not to waste the onion sauce.)A Cat's entitled to expectThese evidences of respect.And so in time you reach your aim,And finally call him by his name.
Clayton M. Christensen|I tell my employees that we're in the service business, and it's incidental that we fly airplanes.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Thats what happens to Snow in Texas, lady. It freaking MELTS!!" Leo Valdez- The Lost Hero
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|New year, new life!" - The saying goes.It will be?!Often we place expectations at a time as a starting point for the desired change. But we hope things change, and that's just it. We do not even consider a minimum of steps to start the path of change, which, yes, can be considered a starting point.There is a motive force more powerful than steam, electricity, and atomic energy: the will. - Albert Einstein said.Well, in this case: New Year, you new! Make the change happen. Do not focus only on where you want to go, but how you will arrive. If the path is long, as it always is, enjoy the landscape, make friends, sing, have fun! You may find that the great change was always in you and not in the rest of the world.
Arthur Rimbaud|I believe I am in Hell, therefore I am.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Capability: Building Lego Like Capability Into Business Competency|My father, a Palestinian, and my mother, an Israeli, met in a bar in New York. Their encounter was a blue shift. An anomaly. A collision. In the end, I understand, it is only for this we live. All I ever wanted was to love.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|To embrace Jesus Christ, you must let go of the world by crucifying the pleasures of your flesh.
Timothy Geithner|When future archaeologists dig up the remains of California, they're going to find all of those gyms their scary-looking gym equipment, and they're going to assume that we were a culture obsessed with torture.
Jana Elston|Those who say they don't have the time to take care of their skin, will sooner or later have to find the time for corrective treatments.
Vanessa Kelly, Lost in a Royal Kiss|This women's orchestra made a demure picture in their muted dove grays, alright, but they played like they were gowned in scarlet and gold.
David Chiles|As Lee Rainie and Barry Wellman document in their book Networked, people who are heavily socially active online tend to be also heavily socially active offline; they’re just, well, social people.
Sibyl von der Schulenburg, Stable of Sorrow|There are different kinds of anger. There is the kind that flares bright, like a fire devouring dry wood – an anger that dies as quickly as it ignites. There is the kind that takes its time to rise, but leaves devastation in its wake when it does. And then, there is the anger that is always there, in the pit of your belly – gnawing, biting and twisting – and reminding you of its presence every waking moment. This is the kind that can kill you, if given enough time.
Nick Haslam|He knew everything about big Mike Ainsel in this moment, and he liked Mike Ainsel. Mike Ainsel had none of the problems that Shadow had. Ainsel had never been married. Mike Ainsel had never been interrogated on a freight train by Mr. Wood an Mr. Stone. Televisions did not speak to Mike Ainsel (You want to see Lucy's tits? asked a voice in his head).
Aysha Taryam|The barber's assistant asks if I am a Swede. An American? Not that either. A Russian? Well, then, what are you? I love to answer such nationalistically tinted questions with a steely silence, and to leave people who ask me about my patriotic feelings in the dark. Or I tell lies and say that I'm Danish. Some kinds of frankness are only hurtful and boring.
Kim Yannayon|The author gives an interesting naval etymology of the word "opportunity". It referred to days in which sailing ships had to wait outside a port for the appropriate tide, which then was their chance until the next tide.
Robertson Davies, The Papers of Samuel Marchbanks|I object to being told that I am saving daylight when my reason tells me that I am doing nothing of the kind... At the back of the Daylight Saving scheme, I detect the bony, blue-fingered hand of Puritanism, eager to push people into bed earlier, and get them up earlier, to make them healthy, wealthy, and wise in spite of themselves.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Across the sea of space, the stars are other suns.
Arina Tanemura, 神風怪盗ジャンヌ 1|Tsuyokini,honkiMutekini,sutekiGenki,yuuki!--Kusakabe Maron
Michael Bassey Johnson|Blessed are those that know the path out of their carnal flesh, for they shall attain intuition.
Khalil Gibran|Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Naphta loathed the bourgeois state and its love of security. He found occasion to express this loathing one autumn afternoon when, as they were walking along the main street, it suddenly began to rain and, as if on command, there was an umbrella over every head. That was a symbol of cowardice and vulgar effeminacy, the end product of civilization. An incident like the sinking of the Titanic was atavistic, true, but its effect was most refreshing, it was the handwriting on the wall. Afterward, of course, came the hue and cry for more security in shipping. How pitiful, but such weak-willed humanitarianism squared very nicely with the wolfish cruelty and villainy of slaughter on the economic battlefield known as the bourgeois state. War, war ! He was all for it – the universal lust for war seemed quite honorable in comparison.
Saul D. Alinsky, Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radicals|Love and faith are not common companions. More commonly power and fear consort with faith....Power is not to be crossed; one must respect and obey. Power means strength, whereas love is a human frailty the people mistrust. It is a sad fact of life that power and fear are the fountainheads of faith.
Holly Hood|You took my heart and you held it in your mouthAnd, with a word all my love came rushing outAnd, every whisper, it's the worst, emptied out by a single wordThere is a hollow in me now...And Every whisper, every sighEats away at this heart of mineAnd there is a hollow in me now.So I put my faith in something unknownI'm living on such sweet nothingBut I'm trying to hope with nothing to holdI'm living on such sweet nothing.
Eli Easton, The Mating of Michael|BDSM is like visiting a kinky Amusement Park. Once you pay the entry fee, you hop on an erotic roller coaster of deviant self-discovery. Although I have the threat of pain before me, I’m not even close to wanting to get off of this ride. It’s such a fucking thrill. Or is that a thrilling fuck? Whatever. Either way, it’s as hot as hell.
Mikhail Sholokhov, Der stille Don|Boshafte Wahrheiten sind nur dann gut, wenn kein Fremder sie liest.
Abdulsalam Unshur|One chance missing, makes losing more chances.
Sonny Mehta|To me, the failure of liberalism - the tradition I come from - was not recognizing there has to be justice across the generations.
Danny L.  Deaubé, I Will Praise You in the Storm: The Story of Stephen and Holly Deaubé, a Journey of Faith|I need to talk to you, Miss Ann,” said Holly. “Holly, what do you mean, what can I help you with?” Miss Ann replied. Holly began, “Miss Ann,...I love my brother Stephen, and you know we're both sick.” Miss Ann replied, “Yes, I know, and I love you both.”Holly went on, “Is Jesus going to heal us?
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|I'll read enoughWhen I do see the very book indeedWhere all my sins are writ, and that's myself.Give me that glass and therein will I read.No deeper wrinkles yet? Hath sorrow struckSo many blows upon this face of mineAnd made no deeper wounds?O flattering glass,Like to my followers in prosperityThou dost beguile me!
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|The ordeals of others . . .prepare us, andlater become the compass . . .in our time of ordeal.
Emily Brontë|If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just like life, it was over much too soon. And just like life, there weren't any answers. But like that one-in-an-eight-million great New York moment, I didn't need one. (Dark City Lights)
Matthew Francis, The Mabinogi|Most animals sleep in a hole in the ground or hanging from a tree. Man alone has made for himself an elaborate resting place. And yet he is the only one to have developed the alarm clock to rouse himself from it, the only species to spend sixteen or more hours of each day away from it.
Quentin Tarantino|Jimmy Stewart lived for movies, fought for his country, and died for love. Now isn't that a wonderful life?
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|Must be weird for you, having your mom here.""Weird for me, weird for her, probably weird for you since you had to give up your swinging bachelor pad.""Mrs. Casnoff let me install my heart-shaped Jacuzzi in my new dorm room.""Cal," I said with mock astonishment, "did you just make a joke?""Maybe.
Mira Midha, Silent Voices on Paper white|Without intending to, without even knowing it, he demonstrated with his life that his father had been right when he repeated until his dying day that there was no one with more common sense, no stonecutter more obstinate, no manager so lucid or dangerous, than a poet.
Jerry Mander, Four Arguments for the Elimination of Television|The only thing that counts in life is solid, material assets. It's no time for theories when everything is falling to pieces around us.
Sameer Kamat, Beyond The MBA Hype: A Guide to Understanding and Surviving B-Schools|Cliché: "The MBA changed my life."What it really means: "A fantastic career, a great social life and a healthy bank balance...three of the things I had before I started the program.
Bohdi Sanders, Modern Bushido: Living a Life of Excellence|Learn the principles, abide by the principles, and then dissolve the principles.
Anonymous, The Upanishads: Translations from the Sanskrit|God is, in truth, the whole universe: what was, what is and what beyond shall ever be. He is the God of life immortal and of all life that lives by food. His hands and feet are everywhere. He has heads and mouths everywhere. He sees all, He hears all. He is in all, and He Is.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A thousand ways to please your wife boil down to two words: “Yes, dear.
Albert Schweitzer|For animals that are overworked, underfed, and cruelly treated; for all wistful creatures in captivity that beat their wings against bars; for any that are hunted or lost or deserted or frightened or hungry; for all that must be put to death...and for those who deal with them we ask a heart of compassion and gentle hands and kindly words.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
Lisa Wheeler|We're all rejected people, we know what it is to be refused, we know what it is to be oppressed, depressed, and then, accused, and I am very much cognizant of that feeling. Nothing in the world is more painful than rejection. I am a rejected, oppressed person, and so I understand them, as best as I can, even though I am a heterosexual.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don't you ever think that your mind can never harm you just because it is your mind! Your mind can really kill you. From dawn to the time you retire, your mind can be a very good friend to you and your mind can also be your worst friend. What goes into your mind each day becomes your friend so mind your mind!
Emiliano Campuzano, Cielo Por Tu Luz|Flora hadn't signed my yearbook. When I got it back from the cheerleaders, I skimmed over the last few pages and saw that every one of them signed except for her. I was disappointed but I wasn't surprised.We were too much of everything to be summed up in a few sentences. -Sean Foster
Aldous Huxley|There is nothing so powerful as truth, and often nothing so strange.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|It's a crime, when you think about how little time we get, that a man should ever be bored. When you are lying on your death bead, I expect you regret those weeks wasted more than your worst mistakes.
Yakov Smirnoff|Men like me, who merely wish to establish political freedom, will in such circumstances lose all their influence, and others will get influence who may become dangerous to all established interests whatsoever.
Gift Gugu Mona|If you are compassionate about SOMEONE, then don't anticipate the same.For you any other has been sent; hence, remain caring and loyal with that SOMEONE.
Steve Cioccolanti|Achieving great things through training, tenacity & time doesn't make someone vain. It lessens vanity! Therefore, I have one question: is @realDonaldTrump vain?
Shirley A. Martin, Bloodline Gypsy: Jook and Gypsies Vol. 1|And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple curtain Thrilled me- filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before; So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating, "'Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door- Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door;-  This it is, and nothing more.
Bobby Orr|There are no environments where you're only going to win, because life just isn't like that.
Cathy Guisewite|When you're an expert in a subject, you can retain new factoids on your favorite topic easily. This only works for the subjects you're truly passionate about, though. Baseball fans can reel off stats for their favorite players, then space out on their own birthday.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|It’s still a load. If there was balance, the soldier boys would all be dead, and we’d be sitting pretty in the middle of the Drowned Cities, shipping marble and steel and copper and getting paid Red Chinese for every kilo. We’d be rich and they’d be dead, if there was such a thing as the Scavenge God, or his scales. And that goes double for the Deepwater priests. They’re all full of it. Nothing balances out.
Emmanuel Aghado|This life is ironic: for it takes pain to discover pleasure; it takes sadness to know happiness; it takes war to value peace; and it takes hatred to treasure love.[Culled from: "Amara & The Strange Elderly Woman"]
Nancy Jo Sales|Some men don't want to be responsible fathers. It's easier to say 'Let's just turn the kids over to the state.' Women end up bearing the entire load, raising kids alone without a husband to share the parenting.
Dipan Vaishnav|Humility and level-headedness are traits, which have accrued upon me over the years, during the rites of my passage through time. They were thrust down my throat by the hands of Destiny and the Almighty, both of who are far greater, far grander, and far more mysterious and mystic, than all that we ordinary mortals can ever humanly conceive or comprehend. - Bhakti Vedanta Anandamurthy Thiruvadiar. ( A Character in the book)
Sydney J. Harris|The ruling classes have in their hands the army, money, the schools, the churches, and the press. In the schools, they kindle patriotism in the children by means of histories describing their own people as the best of all peoples and always in the right. Among adults they kindle it by spectacles, jubilees, monuments, and by a lying patriotic press. Above all, they inflame patriotism in this way: perpetrating every kind of harshness and injustice against other nations, they provoke in them enmity towards their own people, and then in turn exploit that enmity to embitter their people against the foreigner.
Jeff Greene|Gray is great. People think gray is a neutral, but I think it's such a moody, intense, dramatic and sexy color. It's very sleek.
Katherine Jenkins|The wedding took place in Vermont, where they have legalized gay civil unions, and I married a woman.
Patrick Lencioni|I think every girl's dream is to find a bad boy at the right time, when he wants to not be bad anymore.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|And since a novel has this correspondence to real life, its values are to some extent those of real life. But it is obvious that the values of women differ very often from the values which have been made by the other sex; naturally this is so. Yet is it the masculine values that prevail. Speaking crudely, football and sport are "important"; the worship of fashion, the buying of clothes "trivial." And these values are inevitably transferred from life to fiction. This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.
Dada Bhagwan|If one does secret acts, what should one do to correct them? He should expose the acts and thereby he will no longer fear anyone.
Sarah Rayner, One Moment, One Morning|Why does anger makes people pretty? Rage doesn't. Rage makes you ugly, but a little anger, that just seems to add spice. One of nature's cruelties, or maybe it's to keep us from killing each other more often.
Jeanette Winterson|Books and doors are the same thing. You open them, and you go through into another world.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to feel the pain of an ant, you will truly learn to love this world.
Lynne Truss, Talk to the Hand: The Utter Bloody Rudeness of the World Today, or Six Good Reasons to Stay Home and Bolt the Door|Everyday, you get home from the shops with a bag of cat food and bin-liners and realise that, yet again, you failed to have cosmetic surgery, book a cheap weekend in Paris, change your name to something more glamorous, buy the fifth series of The Sopranos, divorce your spouse, sell up and move to Devon, or adopt a child from Guatemala.
Nikki Rowe|I have this one little life to live with, it's not the plan I had in mind but I can accept its the calling of my soul. The irony in gaining freedom through the heartbreak of stillness.
Avina Celeste|One day of positive thinking won't change your life. You must actively; every day, be working to change your thoughts into positive ones. The work you put into changing your life is the progress you get out.
Andy Stanley, Enemies of the Heart: Breaking Free from the Four Emotions That Control You|The more you face the truth, the angrier you will probably become. You have a right to be angry about being sexually abused. You have a right to be angry with the perpetrator, regardless of who it was, how long ago the sexual abuse occurred, or how much he/she has changed.
J.D. Robb, Innocent in Death|To love in the sense of passion-love is the contrary of to live. It is an impoverishment of one's being, an askesis without sequel, an inability to enjoy the present without imagining it as absent, a never-ending flight from possession.
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Appleblossom the Possum|A ship's captain was her master and the right hand of God in Heaven Himself, and concerned with matters of such grave importance that minor issues like food for the mortals in his command were entirely beneath him."I'll get someone else to take this duty, sir," Creedy said stoutly."The nonessential personnel are already on leave, XO," Grimm replied. "All the remaining hands are fully engaged in installing the new systems and making repairs. You know that.""But, sir," Creedy said. "What will the crew
Laleh Khadivi, A Good Country|...when it comes to defining adulthood, nothing has made me feel more grown-up than knowing that one of the two people in the world who loved me the most, without condition, was no longer in the world.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|The kind of submission or resignation that he showed, was that of a man who was tired out. I sometimes derived an impression, from his manner or from a whispered word or two which escaped him, that he pondered over the question whether he might have a better man under better circumstances. But he never justified himself by a hint tending that way, or tried to bend the past out of its eternal shape.It happened on two or three occasions in my presence, that his desperate reputation was alluded to by one or other of the people in attendance on him. A smile crossed his face then, and he turned his eyes on me with a trustful look, as if he were confident that I had seen some small redeeming touch in him, even so long ago as when I was a little child. As to all the rest, he was humble and contrite, and I never knew him complain.
Rainer Maria Rilke|What was the point in crying when there was no one to comfort you? And what was worse, when you couldn't even comfort yourself?
Evangelist Jordan Wells|My double drags his coffin, humble slave,I, at least, am real, though changed to flesh.Far-off, I build me a church no hand can shape("Winter Sonnets: III")
Charlie Jane Anders, Margot and Rosalind|The efficacy of TA-65 is incremental. It does seem to stop telomere shortening and minutely lengthen telomeres, but not in the profound way that future drugs will. One natural compound that may prove more powerful and more affordable may be available by the time this book is published. You can find updates on it (not allowed to give a link) Still, TA-65 us currently being used by the authors of this book, and Dr. Woynarowski is one of the physicians who is licensed to distribute it.
Ryan Lilly|Creation pulls something from an abyss of nothing. Startups take the something and give it to those in the dark, at first, perhaps, for nothing.
Donna Karan|To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Men|Simple, genuine goodness is the best capital to found the business of this life upon. It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us.
Carrie Jones, Need|...My "poodle" brain craves the adventures that happen during training and racing. Days-long relays, obstacle courses involving fire and barbed wire, races at night, races where you wear tutus. (Fact: that can be every race, if you want it to be.) Some adventures can be intimidating, but it’s still fun to conquer something new.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|There's a Chinese saying that the fates are winds that blow through our lives from every angle, urging us along the paths of time. Those who are strong-willed may fight the storm and possibly choose their own road, while the weak must go where they are blown. I say I have not been so much pushed by winds as pulled forward by the force of my decisions.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|There were, in Feo's experience, five kinds of cold. There was wind cold, which Feo barely felt. It was fussy and loud and turned your cheeks as red as if you'd been slapped, but couldn't kill you even if it tried. There was snow cold, which plucked at your arms and chapped your lips, but brought real rewards. It was Feo's favorite weather: The snow was soft and good for making snow wolves. There was ice cold, which might take the skin off your palm if you let it, but probably wouldn't if you were careful. Ice cold smelled sharp and knowing. It often came with blue skies and was good for skating. Feo had respect for ice cold. Then there was hard cold, which was when the ice cold got deeper and deeper until at the end of a month you couldn't remember if the summer had ever really existed. Hard cold could be cruel. Birds died in midflight. It was the kind of cold that you booted and kicked your way through.And then there was blind cold. Blind cold smelled of metal and granite. It took all the sense out of your brain and blew the snow into your eyes until they were glued shut and you had to rub spit into them before they would blink. Blind cold was forty degrees below zero. This was the kind of cold that you didn't sit down to think in, unless you wanted to be found dead in the same place in May or June.Feo had felt blind cold only once.
Tara Estacaan|TIME' is something to invest but for failed people, it is a thing to be passed.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|..they were always asking me lots of questions. Questions I didn't want to answer. They wanted to get to know me. Yeah, well, I wasn't interested in being known. I wanted to buy a t-shirt that read: I AM UNKNOWNABLE.
Deepak Chopra|My mom was a medical photographer, but on the side, she did a before-and-after glam photography business in the house. She would do makeup and hair - and I was her assistant.
Donna Grant, Smoldering Hunger|Sophie had survived on her own for a long time. She knew she didn't need a man, not even Darius.	But she wanted him.	That made all the difference in the end.
George Packer|We do not learn by inference and deduction and the application of mathematics to philosophy, but by direct intercourse and sympathy.
James Salter, Light Years|She formed her life day by day, taking as its materials the emptiness and panic as well as the rushes, like fever, of contentment. I am beyond fear of solitude, she thought, I am past it. The idea thrilled her. I am beyond it and I will not sink. This submission, this triumph made her stronger. It was as if finally, after having passed through inferior stages, her life had found a form worthy of it.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Being Loving|Wise individuals frequently say very little, but what they do say hits the mark. Such remarks often remain in the mind of the recipient for a long time, possibly a lifetime.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|We must say "no" to what, in our heart, we don't want. We must say "no" to doing things out of obligation, thereby cheating those important to us of the purest expression of our love. We must say "no" to treating ourselves, our health, our needs as not as important as someone else's. We must say “no.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want people to enter your world, you don’t need to invite them; just keep your door open and keep your thoughts plain!
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|The boy in the tree sobs uncontrollably when I tell him about the Hermit and my mother, yet his eyes light up each time I mention Hannah. And every single time he asks, “Taylor, what about the Brigadier who came searching for you that day? Whatever became of him?” I try to explain that the Brigadier is of no importance to my story, but he always shakes his head as if he knows better.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If people read poetry, they would be happier.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|You have to give up! you have to give up!You have to realize that someday you will die,Until you know that, you are useless!
Daniel J. Boorstin|Have the courage to be ignorant of a great number of things, in order to avoid the calamity of being ignorant of everything.
Grace Llewellyn, The Teenage Liberation Handbook: How to Quit School and Get a Real Life and Education|Responsibility is not doing as we are told, that's obedience. Responsibility is doing what is right.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|The journey to more self love is often a quiet and long road. One without cheerleaders or confetti. Just you and your strong inner conviction to do things differently. There are both triumphs and failures on this road. And when you truly turn a corner you will bask in quiet victory, finally feeling the power you once thought was elsewhere.
Yann Martel|So tell me, since it makes no factual difference to you and you can't prove the question either way, which story do you prefer? Which is the better story, the story with animals or the story without animals?' Mr. Okamoto: 'That's an interesting question?' Mr. Chiba: 'The story with animals.' Mr. Okamoto: 'Yes. The story with animals is the better story.' Pi Patel: 'Thank you. And so it goes with God.
Minoru Yamasaki|So what we have tried to do in our later buildings is to try to be completely consistent, as a painter is consistent or as a sculptor is consistent. Architecture also must be very consistent.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Dreams are what keep us growing. They are what keep us alive. To give up, is to let our dreams die.
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis: How Science Shows That God Does Not Exist|It is as though God said, "You think to create order? Here is the appropriate disorder, since they are one.
K.  Webster|I do know the difference between right and wrong, but I just like the way wrong feels. It's an impulse, an urge more intense than anything else.
Mocco Wollert|Love falls in love with love; comes like an echo sounding back, searches its mirrored shadow within a look. 
Margaret Atwood|We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded.
George Gordon Byron|We've got facts," they say. But facts aren't everything; at least half the battle consists in how one makes use of them!
Teal Ceagh, Kiss Across Time|Veris gave a low chuckle as they stepped into the building. He took off his glasses and put them in his breast pocket. "I've always said women were stronger, when it came to pure courage, haven't I?" he said to Brody.Brody stabbed at the top elevator button. "There's a reason we have a queen and not a king.
Judith McNaught, Paradise|Some people feel love in their hearts, Julie. Some of us feel it all way into our souls. We're the ones who can't forget.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Face it; life's gonna chew you up and spit you out. If you're lucky you'll get stuck to the bottom of someone's shoe and be carried far, far away from it all.
Viktor E. Frankl|The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Many losses have gone sinking daily by our inability to recognize the great deal of power reserved in us. Watch out and make it real because soon, it's going to be your turn to shine!
Paulo Coelho|There was a time when people accepted magical experiences as natural. There were no priests then, and no one went chasing after the secrets of the occult.
Samuel Beckett|It’s not lost on me that I’m so busy recording life, I don’t have time to really live it.
Oscar Wilde, Complete Works of Oscar Wilde|I'm taking inorganic chem and physics not because I want to but because I have to. Not every doctor wants to be a scientist. Some of us just want to take care of sick people. I can't help thinking that medicine is more closely aligned to the humanities than to the sciences. I can't help thinking that I could learn more about being a good doctor from William Shakespeare than I could from Isaac Newton. After all, isn't understanding people at least as important as understanding pathology?
Steven Moffat|People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect, but *actually* from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint - it's more like a big ball of wibbly wobbly... time-y wimey... stuff.
R.K. Narayan, The English Teacher|Was it just fear? the voices wonder. We were fearful in the best of times; how could we cope with the worst? So we found the tallest walls and poured ourselves behind them. We kept pouring until we were biggest and strongest, elected the greatest generals and found the most weapons, thinking all this maximalism would somehow generate happiness. But nothing so obvious could ever work.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Because my mother couldn't change my present, I decided to change my daughter's future
Wadah Khanfar|President Obama and our all-of-the-above energy strategy is the real deal. We are proud of the fact that we are importing less oil than at any time in modern history, and it has been because of the president's vision and courage.
Ray Bradbury, Long After Midnight|I know of witches who whistle at different pitches, calling things that don't have names.
Tennessee Williams, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof|Everything works out in the end. if it hasn't worked out yet, then it's not the end.
Sharon Creech, Absolutely Normal Chaos|I am both happy and sad at the same time, and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
Kenny Marchant|Take pride in your work at all times. Remember, respect for an umpire is created off the field as well as on.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Doesn't matter you have thousand of qualities but if you are not honest with your beloved,then other all qualities are rubbish.to hold relation and love there is need only one quality Thats call Honesty and just Honesty
Elizabeth Gilbert|I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21
Adele          Rose, Shattered|I was just thinking that it would be nice if, for once in a while, life made things easier,â€� I told him, feeling annoyed. â€œWhy does life have to throw impossible tasks at us all the time for crying out loud?â€� At hearing my debate, Luna huffed.â€œBecause lifeâ€™s a bitch,â€� she growled under her breath, sulking. â€œThatâ€™s why.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|Every television program must be a complete package in itself. No previous knowledge is to be required. There must not be even a hint that learning is hierarchical, that it is an edifice constructed on a foundation. The learner must be allowed to enter at any point without prejudice. This is why you shall never hear or see a television program begin with the caution that if the viewer has not seen the previous programs, this one will be meaningless. Television is a nongraded curriculum and excludes no viewer for any reason, at any time. In other words, in doing away with the idea of sequence and continuity in education, television undermines the idea that sequence and continuity have anything to do with thought itself.
Ellen Pleasants|Yes," I continued, "I discovered this model recently and her style never fails to be mathematically perfect. She seems to come by it naturally. As if she were born resonant. I notice Japanese models tend to do this. Like I said, they seem to have resonance somewhere deep in their culture. But Yuri Nakagawa, she's the best I've ever seen. The best model, with the most powerful resonance. I need her to probe deeper into this profound mathematical instinct, which I call resonance.
Gabor Maté, In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction|Drink a bottle of cheap champagne. Mix with orange juice. A large Glenmorangie. Milk and blackish toast. Half a bottle of Blue Nun. Budweiser. Budweiser. Go to church. Say I do etc. Budweiser. Murphy’s. Jameson. Budweiser. Stella. Stella. Cake. Stella. Jameson. Stella. Vodka and orange. Vodka and black. Speech, speech. Vodka. Vodka. Double Jameson. Double vodka. Double vodka. Get carry-outs of barley wine. Say goodbye to aunties. Uncles. Mothers etc. Stop car on M18. Vomit. Sleep. Dream of dim-lit hallways and a black door. Wake up between Scarborough and Robin Hood’s Bay. Her not saying much. Driving.
A.J. Cronin|Funny... I still can't believe in God." "Does that matter now?"..."He believes in you.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|When we let the expectations of others or own unreasonable self-expectations rule, we silence the power of our Legacies.
Yuna|I like being in movies that have a great story. I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star. It's a job, you know. When you wake up at six in the morning every day for a week, it feels like hard work.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|The universe does not have a purpose, but we do have! Our purpose is to re-shape this purposeless universe in a way that it will not be able to kill us!
Anthony T. Hincks|When you're an astronomer, you always have stars in your eyes.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Nothing feeds forgetfulness better than war, Daniel. We all keep quiet and they try to convince us that what we've seen, what we've done, what we've learned about ourselves and about others, is an illusion, a passing nightmare. Wars have no memory, and nobody has the courage to understand them until there are no voices left to tell what happened, until the moment comes when we no longer recognize them and they return, with another face and another name, to devour what they left behind.p. 428
Bruce  Littlefield, Airstream Living|There's nothing worse than the one that got away. It haunts you for weeks like a bad dream, eats away at your psyche like a termite on softened wood.
Mark Cuban|It’s not about money or connections — it’s the willingness to outwork and out-learn everyone… And if it fails, you learn from what happened and do a better job next time
William R. Forstchen, One Second After|The moment of a fall from greatness often comes just when a people and a nation feel most secure. The cry "the barbarians are at the gates" too often comes as a terrifying bolt out of the blue, which is often the last cry ever heard.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|Some people say dying alone is a fate worse than death itself. Well, they should try being alone during the living part sometimes. There's no quicker way to make you wonder why the hell you ever thought you'd want to return.
Lissa Coffey|Ayurveda teaches us to love "as is" - not as we think people "should be.
Lara Adrian, Kiss of Crimson|It kept him alive, he was certain; even more, it kept his darkest of his demons at bay.
Tasha Hoggatt|...give yourself permission to change your world and others around you, in a positive way, with love and respect.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Before he could say anything, "I told him; I have had my share of boys".He drew me closer and said "let me your man then".
Robert Wringham, Escape Everything!: Escape From Work. Escape From Consumerism. Escape From Despair.|Comfort and security are all well and good, but not at the cost of liberty, love and lustiness. The Bohemian knows that money, property and status have little to do with the content of one’s character, and that professional success and widespread celebration have little to do with talent. Of value to the Bohemian is spiritual integrity and creative freedom. The Bohemian would sooner live in poverty than submit to an undesirable job.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Vertigo is something else than the fear of falling. It is the voice of emptiness below us which temps and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defense ourselves.
Saad Salman|Pray to God, pretending as God is only yours.
Aaron Allston|Gossip about us will abound tomorrow,” he said quietly.“I suspect it will abound tonight.”“And you don’t care.”“Not one whit. I have wanted to dance with you since the first ball I ever saw you attend.”“You looked so young and innocent that night, dressed in white. Who would have thought you were such a hellion?”She wasn’t certain whether he was striving to compliment or insult her, but it didn’t matter. What mattered was that he appeared to recall as many details about that night as she did. “You remember what I was wearing?”“I remember everything about you that night. You wore pink ribbons in your hair and pearls against your throat.”“The pearls were my mother’s.”“You were standing amongst a gaggle of girls, and you stood out not because of your beauty—which far exceeded theirs—but because of your refusal to be cowed. No one has ever challenged me as you do, Catherine.”“No one has ever intrigued me as you do, my lord.
Anna Akhmatova|I think everyone understands grief, the journey it takes us on, whether it's the death of a loved one, the end of a relationship, a disappointment. Some people don't deal with it, the power of it. Some do. Some feel the weight of it and it informs their choices. I've had to open up to grief in different contexts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The only sacred home, you can live lies in your pure heart.
Anaxagoras|And since the portions of both the large and the small are equal in amount, in this way too all things would be in everything; nor can they be separate, but all things have a portion of everything. Since there cannot be a smallest, nothing can be separated or come to be by itself, but as in the beginning now too all things are together. But in all things there are many things, equal in amount, both in the larger and the smaller of the things being separated off.
Hunter Hayes|If people think you are this amazing, own it.
Jean-Dominique Bauby, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly|To make our communications more effective, we need to shift our thinking from "What information do I need to convey?" to "What questions do I want my audience to ask?
R. N. Prasher|A random act of violence," his mother called it. "A totally senseless thing." Unnecessary qualifiers, he sometimes wants to tell her, as the universe is random and senseless place.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I'm not simple. Loving me will never be easy. I bring every travesty that's rocked me- with me, to the table. I won't pretend to be something I'm not, and I don't expect you to be blemish free either. That's much too boring of an existence. A past means you've lived, you've prevailed. My ears are open. My heart is accepting. I want to know how you are. I want to know what made you... and I want to feel free to share the 'not so pretty' parts of me, with you.
Virginia Euwer Wolff, True Believer|You get olderand you are a whole mess of things,new thoughts, sorry feelings,big plans, enormous doubts,goling along hoping and getting disappointed,over and over again,no wonder I don't recognizemy little crayon picture.It appears to be meand it isand it is not.
Ross Montgomery, Perijee and Me|Self-awareness is inevitably erratic, a work in progress, an etch-a-sketch that shifts with the slightest shimmer of movement. Doing the best we can is the best we can do.
Jennifer L. Scott, At Home with Madame Chic: Becoming a Connoisseur of Daily Life|But even though our old home had physically seen better days, I knew in that moment that we had taken the soul of that house with us to our new home. And as I branched out and left our small town, I'd taken all the best bits of home life - the essence of its soul - with me wherever I went. It's the soul that matters most, after all. And even though over the years I've lived in everything from a cramped dorm room at school to a grand apartment in Paris and finally to our family town home in Santa Monica, I have taken the soul of home with me, wherever I am.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Ah, Sir, a novel is a mirror carried along a high road. At one moment it reflects to your vision the azure skies, at another the mire of the puddles at your feet. And the man who carries this mirror in his pack will be accused by you of being immoral! His mirror shews the mire, and you blame the mirror! Rather blame that high road upon which the puddle lies, still more the inspector of roads who allows the water to gather and the puddle to form.
Justin Cronin, Mary and O'Neil|I should be an affected women, if I made any pretence of being surprised by my son's inspiring such emotions; but I can't be indifferent to anyone who is so sensible on his merits
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|I have become convinced that God thoroughly enjoys fixing and saving things that are broken. That means that no matter how hurt and defeated you feel, no matter how badly you have been damaged, God can repair you. God can give anyone a second chance.
A.Z.Green|But once upon a time - that would be our time - a telephone cord seemed like nothing less than a lifeline.It was your attachment to the outside world and, even more than that, your attachment to the people you loved, or wanted to love, or tried to love. Everything about it was fitting - the way it curled in on itself, the way it got so easily tangled, the way you could pull it only so far before it kept you in place.Twisted and knotted and essential.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|Girls like me don't get the fairytales. Because the white knights never want the dirty, damaged girls. They know there's nothing left of us that's salvageable...nothing left of us that hasn't already been taken and destroyed. And saving us? Will only ruin them.
Larry Dossey, The Power of Premonitions: How Knowing the Future Can Shape Our Lives|A group experience takes place on a lower level of consciousness than the experience of an individual. This is due to the fact that, when many people gather together to share one common emotion, the total psyche emerging from the group is below the level of the individual psyche. If it is a very large group, the collective psyche will be more like the psyche of an animal, which is the reason why the ethical attitude of large organizations is always doubtful. The psychology of a large crowd inevitably sinks to the level of mob psychology. If, therefore, I have a so-called collective experience as a member of a group, it takes place on a lower level of consciousness than if I had the experience by myself alone.
Nick Hornby|To me, making a tape is like writing a letter – there's a lot of erasing and rethinking and starting again, and I wanted it to be a good one.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is not possible to forget about obligation of these three people: father, mother and guru; the one who has made us walk on the correct path.
Warren W. Wiersbe, God Isn't In A Hurry|In those meetings, I learned that even economic diagrams needn’t be linear. Ours was a nest of concentric circles, and an enterprise was measured by its value to each circle, from the individual and family to the community and environment. I realized that Rebecca and her colleagues were trying to do nothing less than transform the System of National Accounts, the statistical framework here and in most countries for measuring economic activity. For instance, the value of a tree depends on its estimated value or sale price, but if it is sold and cut down, there is no accounting on the debit side of the ledger for loss of oxygen, seeding of other trees, or value to the community or the environment. This group was inventing a new way of measuring profit and loss. By the end of our days together, I understood economics in a whole new way. A balance sheet really could be about balance.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Each day you’re given 86,400 seconds from the ‘Time Bank’. Everyone is given the same. There are no exceptions. Once you make your withdrawal, you’re free to spend it as you want. The ‘Time Bank’ won’t tell you how to spend it. Time poorly spent will not be replaced with more time. Time doesn’t do refunds.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness? You have a destination. Remember this!
Alief Moulana|There is an open circle.” This mantra is what my high school coaches would say to me during wrestling practice when they knew that I was physically exhausted and was about to rest for a moment. There was an open circle on the wrestling mat, and if I was interested I could get out there and do more.“There is an open circle.” Meaning there is still more that you could do. Don’t rest now; this is where the difference is made. To work when you are mentally and physically exhausted gets you to the next level.“There is an open circle.
Stephanie Lahart|#TeamLightSkin vs. #TeamDarkSkin… REALLY, are you serious? To the black females that participate in this garbage, shame on you! Yes, I said it and I won’t take it back. After all that we’ve been through as a race regarding the light-skinned niggers versus the dark-skinned niggers, you’re actually keeping this garbage up? It’s time to wake up my Beautiful Black Queens! Educate yourself and know your history. This shouldn’t be something that we’re entertaining. WE are #TeamMelanin! Period. Enough of the foolishness! Respect yourself. Respect our race. We should be building one another up, not tearing each other down. Melanin is Exquisite Beauty in EVERY shade. Together, WE are strong, unstoppable, and powerful. Enough is enough! I encourage you to stop participating in things that keep us divided. Real Talk!
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Matters of Convenience|Once you break someone’s heart, you are forever its master.
C.S. Lewis, Fern Seed And Elephants|...here also forgiving does not mean excusing. Many people seem to think it does. They think that if you ask them to forgive someone who has cheated or bullied them you are trying to make out that there was really no cheating or bullying. But if that were so, there would be nothing to forgive. (This doesn't mean that you must necessarily believe his next promise. It does mean that you must make every effort to kill every taste of resentment in your own heart - every wish to humiliate or hurt him or to pay him out.)
R.L. Mathewson, Perfection|Married?" she practically screeched, not sounding all that pleased, which left him feeling a little offended. "We're not getting married."He snorted at that. "I may have let you have your naughty little way with me for the past couple of months, but that doesn't mean I'm going to allow you to keep treating me like some dirty little boy toy. If you want to live with me then I expect you to put a ring on my finger," he said, holding up his left hand and wiggling his ring finger to punctuate his words.
Sam Altman|For more and more of us, home has really less to do with a piece of soil than, you could say, with a piece of soul. If somebody suddenly asks me, 'Where's your home?' I think about my sweetheart or my closest friends or the songs that travel with me wherever I happen to be.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Inventions are not solely the making of material things, inventions are also the mental unleashing of ideas by a genuis with a sixth sense.
K. Hari Kumar|You will come across people who always affirm by everything you say, but at the hour of need, they simply disappear! Stay away from such people or simply don't fall for their promises.
Havelock Ellis|By the late Nineties, we had become a more visual nation. Big-money taste moved to global standards - new architecture, design and show-off contemporary art. The Sloane domestic aesthetic - symmetry, class symbolism and brown furniture - became as unfashionable as it had been hot in the early Eighties.
Lynn  Mitchell, June 15th|You know the kind of smile I’m talkin’ about. That flirty, cute, bite-your-bottom lip ‘cause his smile is so stinkin’ perfect—that kind of smile.
Bluenscottish|The journey to self discovery forges many paths, the footprints left behind are the memories of what was and the belief of what is.~bns
Robert Browning, Dramatic Lyrics|When They Die We Change Our Minds About Them When they die we change our minds about them. While they live we see the plenty hard they’re trying,to be a star, or nice, or wise, and so we do not quite believe them. When they die, suddenly they are what they claimed. Turns out, that’s what one of those looks like. The cold war over manner of manly or mission is over. Same person, same facts and acts, just now a quiet brain stem. We no longer begrudge his or her stupid luck.When they die we change our minds about them. I will try to believe while you yet breathe.
R.S. Vern, The Unconventional Life of Haee|Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things.
Jamsetji Tata|In a free enterprise, the community is not just another stakeholder in business, but is in fact the very purpose of its existence.
Hari Parameshwar, Chase of Choices|It is an unwritten rule of life that when you are in acute pain and have no one to console you, someone, from somewhere, will emerge in your life to offer you comfort. However, ‘that’ someone will vanish from the scene once you begin to regain grip on your life, leaving you with another sense of loss to nurse.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|For love to eliminate pain is to waste it, for it is love alone that possesses sufficient force to bend pain against everything that would break us.
Zara Barrie|Conversation is the sexiest foreplay, the perfect prelude to sex, the fiery banter that gets you heated, the stimulation of the mind that transmits to the body. Conversation is a give and take. Just like sex itself. And the best give and takes — the best conversations — lead to the best sex.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|Theologians may quarrel, but the mystics of the world speak the same language.
Del Suggs|We cannot change the wind, we can only adjust our sails.
Janet Evanovich, Twelve Sharp|A faint smile that made every tiny hair on her body rise in quivering attention. "How fast can you run?" A wolf's question.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|No map to help us find the tranquil flat lands, clearings calm, fields without mean fences. Rolling down the other side of life our compass is the sureness of ourselves. Time may make us rugged, ragged round the edges, but know and understand that love is still the safest place to land.
|No matter what your circumstances are, never for a second forget that you solely owe yourself the gift of abundant success and happiness.
Sandra Bullock|Direct confrontation, direct conversation is real respect. And it's amazing how many people get that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We will be stronger, if we love each other.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terrorwhich we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,because it serenely disdains to destroy us.Every angel is terrible.
Melody Sohayegh, Dreaming is for lovers|We know how to dream beautifully! And in our dreams we are always extraordinarily active! We cross oceans, found colonies, introduce ideal governments, and die as Kings or at least Presidents of Republics! In actual life, however, we groan, we are miserable, and we greatly resent being obliged to bother about going to the Bank, in order to receive the interest of the capital acquired for us by our more energetic ancestors.
Alanis Obomsawin|When the last tree is cut, the last fish is caught, and the last river is polluted; when to breathe the air is sickening, you will realize, too late, that wealth is not in bank accounts and that you can’t eat money.
Lisa Ann Walter|I haven't watched 'Mad TV' a lot, but I have seen some stuff on there that is truly funny. You have to have some sort of attitude toward the subject, and they seem to have it. It depends on how much blood you want to draw.
Ice-T, Ice: A Memoir of Gangster Life and Redemption-from South Central to Hollywood|When you fear falling, you never get off the ground.
Jeff Garvin, Symptoms of Being Human|And that makes us (black women) feel like we have spokespeople, because everybody we encounter feels they have a piece of you and can tell you how to live your life
Luanne Rice|Life is designed to knock you down. It will knock you down time and time again, but it doesn't matter how many times you fall - it matters how many times you get back up.
Leisa Rayven, Wicked Heart|Oh, Sweetie. No one ever gets through their TBR list. For every book you finish, you'll add five more. That's just the way it works.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|We spend our lives striving to be persons of influence and consequence, when all that is required is to consistently do good to others.
Ann  Simpson|Writing is a 24/7 job. You live it, eat it, breathe it... the pay can be pretty lousy, but you do it happily, because you love it!!! That, and from the day you started writing the voices in your head became a permanent fixture :) ... oh, missed one out - You sleep it!
Val Uchendu|Believe in miracles as if there's no work, but work as if there are no miracles. When miracles and hard work come together success is certain.
Caroline Kettlewell, Skin Game|The fear of an unknown never resolves, because the unknown expands infinitely outward, leaving you to cling pitifully to any small shelter of the known: a cracker has twelve calories; the skin, when cut, bleeds.
Steve Harvey|It is possible for a kid from east Texas, raised in south central LA and Carson, who believes in his dreams, commits himself to them with his heart, to touch them and to have them happen.
Akira Mizuta Lippit, Atomic Light|A shadow archive and an archive of shadows, the literary architectonic demands a resistance to excessive illumination.
Christopher Kennedy Lawford, When Your Partner Has an Addiction: How Compassion Can Transform Your Relationship|Compassion is the most powerful tool you can have when it comes to healing addictions of any kind. Put simply, what your partner needs most from you is compassion.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Divine self exist in love, in faith and in purity.
James H. Cone|Indeed our survival and liberation depend upon our recognition of the truth when it is spoken and lived by the people. If we cannot recognize the truth, then it cannot liberate us from untruth. To know the truth is to appropriate it, for it is not mainly reflection and theory. Truth is divine action entering our lives and creating the human action of liberation.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|It has been said already, but bears repeating: no blanket statement can sum up an entire group of people. No book, no chapter, no study, no research report can attempt to do that either. Instead, Understanding Y attempts to start a conversation - one that we hope will delve a little deeper and dispel some commonly held assumptions about Generation Y, a conversation that we hope is the first of many.
Robert Chambers|From year to year, and from age to age, we see [biologists] at work, adding no doubt much to the unknown, and advancing many important interests, but, at the same time, doing little for the establishment of comprehensive views of nature. Experiments in however narrow a walk, facts of whatever minuteness, make reputations in scientific societies; all beyond is regarded with suspicion and distrust.
Aruni Kashyap, The House with a Thousand Stories|There were nights for instance, especially in August, where the view of the full moon from the top of the Acropolis hill or from a high terrace could steal your breath away. The moon would slide over the clouds like a seducing princess dressed in her finest silvery silk. And the sky would be full of stars that trembled feebly, like servants that bowed before her. During those nights under the light of the August full moon, the city of Athens would become an enchanted kingdom that slept lazily under the sweet light of its ethereal mistress.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Spring|A wise man lays up treasures in the Kingdom of our Father, so as to live a happy eternal life
Angela Elwell Hunt|It could be a thousand things, distractions, worries;but very often I think what keeps a writer from finding the words is that she grasps at them too soon, hurries, grabs. She doesn’t wait for the wave to come in and break. She wants to write because she’s a writer; she wants to say this, and tell people that, and show people something else — things she knows, her ideas, her opinions, her beliefs, important things — but she doesn’t wait for the wave to come and carry her beyond all the ideas and opinions, to where you cannot use the wrong word.
Albert Camus, The Fall|He had been bored, that's all, bored like most people. Hence he had made himself out of whole cloth a life full of complications and drama. Something must happen - and that explains most human commitments. Something must happen, even loveless slavery, even war or death. Hurray then for funerals!
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|My only desire in the world is to have my revenge against everyone who hurt me, disbelieved me, and made me into the bad guy. After that, I don’t know... But, right now, nothing in the world matters but my payback. And I’m going to love every sick, twisted minute of it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it.
Maria V. Snyder, Touch of Power|The weak fall, but the strong will remain and never go under!
Dave Cullen, Columbine|in a society where rigid sex-role differentiation has already outlived its utility, perhaps the androgynous person will come to define a more human standard of psychological health
Sue Woolfe, The Secret Cure|A million men can tell a woman she is beautiful, but the only time she will listen is when it's said by the man she loves.
Shari Richardson, Mourning Sun|If an angel could admit she was wrong about a vampire, maybe there was hope forthe werepanthers in East Hampton after all.
Stephen Baxter, Proxima|You’re telling me that CERN dugout millions of tons of earth just to smash tiny particles?”Kohler shrugged. “Sometimes to find truth, one must move mountains.
Lisa Schroeder, Falling For You|My mother used to say that sometimes if you turn a tragedy over in your hand, you can see a miracle running through it, like fool's gold in the hardest shard of rock.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|I am a strong and powerful woman.I am proud to be a woman and I celebrate the qualities that I have as a woman.I am not defined by other people’s opinion of who I should be or what I should do as a woman. I determine that, not anyone else.I am not passed up for a position, title, or promotion because I am a woman.I fully deserve all the good things that comes my way.Irrespective of what anyone might think, being a woman places no boundaries or limits on my abilities.I can do anything I set my mind to.I celebrate my womanhood and I am beautiful both inside and out.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|Come back with me, Aria. Be with me.
Agnes Repplier|One of my biggest pet peeves is well-dressed designers. If you spend that much time thinking about your own clothes, you're not spending enough time thinking about what you're designing.
P.G. Wodehouse|[A]lways get to the dialogue as soon as possible. I always feel the thing to go for is speed. Nothing puts the reader off more than a big slab of prose at the start.", Issue 64, Winter 1975)
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|As with all things in the physical plane, nothing is permanent, and the only thing we can truly count on is change. Things come and go, people are born and die and move in and out of our lives. The dreams and goals of today will one day either materialize or evolve into something different with time. If we become rigidly attached to any of this, we set ourselves up for the inevitable suffering that will ensue when the thing, person or idea flows out of our lives, or our desire for it shifts.
shashidhar sa|Today Never Comes, Tomorrow Never Stops
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Thank you,” I managed to say.Replying with a nod, he approached my horse. “Here, let me help you—”I slipped down myself before he could lend a hand, keeping the fur hide in my possession. “I’m not suddenly incapable because I wear a dress, Thaddeus.”“I wasn’t suggesting….” Wisely, he let the issue drop.Lifting an arm, he offered it to me. That’s when I noticed my sword in sheath belted to his waist.“That’s mine!” I declared, reaching for the hilt.Thaddeus managed a quick side-step. He hardened his jaw at my look of incredulity. I would only wait momentarily for an explanation. “I know the sword is yours, Catherine, everyone knows that. But you’re too beautiful tonight to ruin that radiant look with an ugly, leather belt strapped about you.”I was starting to think the man was using compliments as a weapon to defend himself against me. It did work to temper my anger somewhat.“I brought the sword as a cautionary act, just in case those nasty werewolves show up. Seeing how I’ll be standing beside you all evening, the blade will be at your disposal if needed.”I accepted his reasoning and stood down. “Besides,” Thaddeus added, apparently feeling safe, “what’s yours is mine now anyway.”I glared at the fool. “That works both ways, you know.”He rolled his eyes and shrugged. “If it must.”Again, he offered me his arm which I grudgingly accepted.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|If one’s life is so unsatisfying that an unhealthy activity brings a shred of happiness, it is nigh impossible to give it up unless something that brings greater happiness can be enjoyed in its stead. (28)
David Agus|We should restore a proper balance in environmental regulation and energy production that is based on common sense, not political agendas.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|John Brown, raised by disciplinarians, became one himself.
Courtney Barnett|Christmas is taken very seriously in this household. I believe in Father Christmas, and there's no way I'd do anything to undermine that belief.
John Fowles, The Collector|I am one in a row of specimens. It's when I try to flutter out of line that he hates me. I'm meant to be dead, pinned, always the same, always beautiful. He knows that part of my beauty is being alive. but it's the dead me he wants. He wants me living-but-dead.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|I wanted to feel less.To not be burdened by emotion,To not feel sadness,To not know loss.I envied the inanimate,The trees that stand proudly in winter,Not missing their leaves.
Ginnifer Goodwin|I know it's cliche to say, 'When you do something you love you never work a day in your life.' But it is true: When you do something you love, life gets to be a little bit easier and enjoyable. So I just want people to follow their dreams.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|You see certain people and get the intuition that they are related to you in a way unspecified, important to you for the reasons unidentified. You bet I had received my turn of hunch!
Ishmael Osolo|How can someone vouch for your credit worthiness when you don't borrow;not borrowing is one of the unhealthiest habit one can develop , borrowing is healthy & rewarding is it when you borrow to invest:leveraging is part of every yearning investors forte
Maia Maranghello|Sometime you will not feel proud, even you have conquered a country, but some time you will feel proud only standing beside your flag.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|At least when I'm sleeping I can dream myself back to Alex, can dream myself into a different world.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love: The Three Simple Choices That Will Alter the Course of Your Life|God breaks, molds, shapes & fills U not 1ly for U to be blessed but to make U a blessing 2 al even UR foes, remember HE LOVED YOU WHEN YOU WERE HIS ENEMY.
Yahtzee Croshaw|So, Americans, then. Self-appointed vigilante defenders of the world, kind of like Superman, if Superman was retarded and only fought crime when he felt like it.
Carl Sandburg|Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Thomas J. Stanley|If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you.
Tyrean Martinson, Champion in Flight|Everyone had a story behind them, a past richer than she had imagined.
Crescent, Sam|.....You see, Blake, the thing is, I don’t give a sh*t what other people think.
Alistair Urquhart, The Forgotten Highlander: My Incredible Story of Survival During the War in the Far East|Love was a verb with a certain amount of energy attached to it - a daily quota - and you had to choose on whom you wanted to spend this energy. That was love. That was why people had to pray for it. If it were not finite, no one would pine for love in their lives - they would just wait to receive or learn to give.
Kristan Higgins, Until There Was You|But they're family, and you forgive them, even if they are human equivalent of hyenas. Because that's what you do, Posey. Forgive.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|We all have scars; both inside and out. Use your experience to support those who are going down the same road of destruction you once went down. Know that your past is worth more than the pain you once carried, because it can now be used to comfort and give strength to another soul who is suffering. Cherish your trials and tribulations as gifts; embrace these opportunities to share the grace you have been given.
Margaret Thatcher|Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|I believe we must pursue mastery for who we become along the way in its achievement. When we progress in Jiu Jitsu, that newfound experience and wisdom transcends into all areas of our lives. We use Jiu Jitsu as the vehicle for growth, but that growth radiates over all of human activity. Someone who devotes time and energy in learning this skill is learning far more than how to subdue an opponent. The student learns persistence, perseverance, pattern recognition, problem solving, and most importantly, learning how to learn. In the arena of life, these virtues are far more valuable than any guard pass.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|This isn't my excuse, this is my reality.
David Darson|I don't know what I know, but definitely know what I know'what I know, i don't know...what I don't know, I know
Avijeet Das|Struggles make us a man or a woman! Stay raw, work hard and party harder!
Charles Dickens|A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
Paul Hollywood|Growing up eating fruits and vegetables fresh from our farm added a lot to the way I taste and look at food today, and I wanted the same for my kids and other kids.
Roy M. Pearson|Our prayers are often filled with selfish "wants"  God always answers with what we need.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|A made desire to be more human, to be more normal, that's what pushes me, these days - but as someone said the other say. 'Trace, you're going to have to face facts. You and normal parted a long, long time ago.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Kestrel's eyes slipped shut. She faded in and out of sleep. When Arin spoke again, she wasn't sure whether he expected her to to hear him.'I remember sitting with my mother in a carriage.' There was a long pause. Then Arin's voice came again in that slow, fluid way that showed the singer in him. 'In my memory, I am small and sleepy, and she is doing something strange. Every time the carriage turns into the sun, she raises her hand as if reaching for something. The light lines her fingers with fire. Then the carriage passes through shadows, and her hand falls. Again sunlight beams through the window, and again her hand lifts. It becomes and eclipse.' Kestrel listened, and it was as if the story itself was an eclipse, drawing its darkness over her.'Just before I fell asleep,' he said, 'I realized that she was shading my eyes from the sun.' She heard Arin shift, felt him look at her.'Kestrel.' She imagined how he would sit, lean forward. How he would look in the glow of the carriage lantern. 'Survival isn't wrong. You can sell your honor in small ways, so long as you guard yourself. You can pour a glass of wine like it's meant to be poured, and watch a man drink, and plot your revenge.' Perhaps his head tilted slightly at this. 'You probably plot even in your sleep.' There was a silence as long as a smile.'Plot away, Kestrel. Survive. If I hadn't lived, no one would remember my mother, not like I do.' Kestrel could no longer deny sleep. It pulled her under.'And I would never have met you.
Claire Legrand, Some Kind of Happiness|If I am a puzzle, this is the moment in which I find the first corner piece. There is still a lot of work to do; I still have a thousand pieces of myself to fit into place. But everyone knows you're supposed to find the corners first. They are the beginning.
Meg Wolitzer|People are always saying these things about how there's no need to read literature anymore-that it won't help the world. Everyone should apparently learn to speak Mandarin, and learn how to write code for computers. More young people should go into STEM fields: science, technology, engineering, and math. And that all sounds to be true and reasonable. But you can't say that what you learn in English class doesn't matter. That great writing doesn't make a difference. I'm different. It's hard to put into words, but it's true. Words matter.
Daniela Pestova|The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it.
Stacey Jay, Romeo Redeemed|why would i date him i like someone else"... "I'm the only someone else you know
Patti   Davis, Two Cats and the Woman They Own: or Lessons I Learned from My Cats|Life Lesson 8: Change is always hard, but time softens the rough edges and eases the pull of the past. Eventually, we all climb out from under the bed, and even the most unfamiliar places begin to feel like home.
Kat Graham|When I was 18, I took it for granted and was eager to move on to the bigger cities like Boston and then New York. But I've been to enough places to have gained a greater appreciation for the beauty and rich culture of all of Rhode Island. I am grateful for all that it offered during my childhood.
Fat Joe|America traditionally represents the greatest possibility of someone's going from nothing to something. Why? In theory, if not practice, the government stays out of the way and lets individuals take risks and reap rewards or accept the consequences of failure. We call this capitalism - or, at least, we used to.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|Have times really changed? Don't we today, as always, love our children and want them to live righteously? Don't we today, as always, need God's divine protecting care? Don't we today, as always, continue to be at his mercy and in his debt for the very life he has given us? 
Fiona Apple|If you feel like there is going to be an emotional reaction that won't be helpful to resolve the situation, anger or other things, disarm the situation in some way, and you can use different techniques to do that.
James Galvin, The Meadow|The Meadow... Only one of them succeeded in making a life here... He weathered. Before a backdrop of natural beauty, he lived a life from which everything was taken but a place. He lived so close to the real world it almost let him in.
Debasish Mridha|Life is simple and short but love is infinite and eternal. So give it away, as much as you can, without judging anyone.
Lorien Lyn, Claiming the Succubus|Take all of me,” he said against her mouth.
Toni Morrison|I didn't plan on either children or writing. Once I realized that writing satisfied me in some enormous way, I had to make adjustments. The writing was always marginal in terms of time when the children were small. But it was major in terms of my head. I always thought that women could do a lot of things. All the women I knew did nine or ten things at one time. I always understood that women worked, they went to church, they managed their houses, they managed somebody else's houses, they raised their children, they raised somebody else's children, they taught. I wouldn't say it's not hard, but why wouldn't it be? All important things are hard.
Duncan Bannatyne, Anyone Can Do It|When one learns to focus energy through surrender and sensitivity, they become free, and can access the expansiveness of endless possibility.
Jackie Evancho|I don't claim to be a particularly good father. I'm flawed, let's say. I've certainly been affected by the experience of having kids... trying to be a father, at least. It's an amazing process. It's like songwriting: it's a complete mystery to me. I don't understand it - but I've certainly written about it.
|When it comes to friendship, you should always focus on quality instead of quantity.
Venkat Desireddy|When people criticize me for not having any respect for existing structures and institutions, I protest. I say I give institutions and structures and traditions all the respect that I think they deserve. That's usually mighty little, but there are things that I do respect. They have to earn that respect. They have to earn it by serving people. They don't earn it just by age or legality or tradition.
George Papandreou|Every government program needs to be more efficient. Instead of pointing out how other programs can tighten their belts, every program administrator must look inward to save money.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|I wondered how many other things had flown past me into death. Perhaps many. Perhaps I was flying past them, like the grim reaper, signaling the end. This would explain so much.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|Om was there in the existence, when no religion was formed or founded. It will be there in the existence, if all the religions are demolished.
J.A. Redmerski|Until two days ago what had driven him was the will to survive: deep, animal, full of rage—but always part of him had not cared at all whether he lived or died. Now he did care, and very deeply, and so for the first time in a long time he was afraid. To love life is, of course, a wonderful thing, but not on this day of all days.
Cheryl Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|Some alters are what Dr Ross describes in Multiple Personality Disorder as 'fragments', which are 'relatively limited psychic states that express only one feeling, hold one memory or carry out a limited task in the person's life. A fragment might be a frightened child who holds the memory of one particular abuse incident.' In complex multiples, Dr Ross continues, the `personalities are relatively full-bodied, complete states capable of a rang of emotions and behaviours.' The alters will have `executive control some substantial amount of time over the person life'. He stresses, and I repeat his emphasis, 'Complex MPD with over 15 alter personalities and complicated amnesic barriers are associated with 100 percent frequency of childhood physical, sexual and emotional abuse.
Paul Russell, The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered|For eventually one gets over reality’s affront to one’s innocence. One grows accustomed to the melancholy fact that we all sell ourselves at one time or another, that whoring is the dirty little secret of our success as human beings.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|many men are neither worthy of their wives, nor of their dogs.
John Thai|Photography is never real, it’s merely one of many ways of telling the truth.
Charlotte Eriksson|Cutting my roots and leaving my home and family when I was 18 years old forced me to build my home in other things, like my music, stories and my journey. The last years I have more or less constantly been on my way, on the road, always leaving and never arriving, which also means leaving people. I’ve loved and lost and I have regrets and I miss and no matter how many times you leave, start over, achieve success or travel places it’s other people that matter. People, friends, family, lovers, strangers – they will forever stay with you, even if only through memory. I’ve grown to appreciate people to the deepest core and I’m trying to learn how to tell people what I want to tell them when I have the chance, before it’s too late. …
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing ordinary in life because life itself is mystical, magical, and extraordinary.
Adrienne Rich|and I ask myself and you, which of our visions will claim uswhich will we claimhow will we go on livinghow will we touch, what will we knowwhat will we say to each other.
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus didn't come to earth to establish a new religion. He came to restore a broken relationship. He came to make the primary, primary again. The secondary activity of obedience to the law of God was always intended to serve the primary activity: to love God and enjoy Him forever. When that is primary, the secondary becomes a labor of love, a joyful, and "easy" burden to bear. (Matthew 11:28-30
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Every lover is, in his heart, a madman, and, in his head, a minstrel.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|Love is a gamble and sometimes it hurts, but whether you win or lose being in love is a beautiful thing.
Bill Hicks|As much as love is the source of power for those who are centred in their hearts, as much fear is the source of illusionary power for those who insist on being led by their heads alone.
Debasish Mridha|Let's love everyone without judging them, then we will find the heaven in earth.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|Don’t you ever get scared?” I ask.“Of what?” She says.“Of not being good enough.”“You mean at writing?” L’il asks.I nod. “What if I’m the only one who thinks I can do it and no one else does? What if I’m fooling myself-““Oh, Carrie.” She smiles. “Don’t you know that every writer feels that way? Fear is part of the job.
M. James Airey|PROBLEMS are like cold or hot water, how much you pack it tightly but its moisture comes outside
Dominic Frisby, Life After the State|As with our earlier worship of saints and facts, there is something silly about grown men and women striving to reduce their vision of themselves and of civilization to bean counting. The message of the competition/efficiency/marketplace Trinity seems to be that we should drop the idea of ourselves developed over two and a half millennia. We are no longer beings distinguished by our ability to think and to act consciously in order to affect our circumstances. Instead we should passively submit ourselves and our whole civilization -- our public structures, social forms and cultural creativity -- to the abstract forces of unregulated commerce. It may be that most citizens have difficulty with the argument and would prefer to continue working on the idea of dignified human intelligence. If they must drop something, they would probably prefer to drop the economists. 
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Love makes you want to be a better man—right, right. But maybe love, real love, also gives you permission to just be the man you are.
Hilaire Belloc, The Crisis Of Civilization|I'd ask [God] why he keeps trying to kill us all with disease, pestilence, and natural disasters. I'd ask why 99% of all species there ever were are now extinct -- if God works in mysterious ways, that way is mysteriously genocidal.
Lana Del Rey|I make static art, not dynamic art. That's what I do.
Steve Keen, Adbusters #84 Pop Nihilism|Anger and fear are disabling trait behaviours, instilled in the opponent with care.
Wendell Berry, Given|The soil under the grass is dreaming of a young forest, and under the pavement the soil is dreaming of grass.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|When we illuminate the road back to our ancestors, they have a way of reaching out, of manifesting themselves...sometimes even physically.
J.L. Langley, The Englor Affair|I swore I'd never become some lord's brainless arm ornament and political host, but I've become far worse. I'm a glorified housekeeper and sperm donor. -from the journal of Payton Marcus Townsend.
Sunday Adelaja|I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Ash Gray, The Thieves of Nottica|Please stop sniffing the robot boy, Noemi tells herself, jerking out of the trance.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|Hermes's eyes twinkled. "Martha, may I have the first package, please?"Martha opened her mouth ... and kept opening it until it was as wide as my arm. She belched out a stainless steel canister-an old-fashioned lunch box thermos with a black plastic top. The sides of the thermos were enameled with red and yellow Ancient Greek scenes-a hero killing a lion; a hero lifting up Cerberus, the three-headed dog."That's Hercules," I said. "But how-""Never question a gift," Hermes chided. "This is a collector's item from Hercules Busts Heads. The first season.""Hercules Busts Heads?""Great show." Hermes sighed. "Back before Hephaestus-TV was all reality programming. Of course, the thermos would be worth much more if I had the whole lunch box-
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The good news is that opportunities for love enter our lives unpredictably, whether or not we’ve perfected self-compassion or befriended our inner critic.
Riteish Deshmukh|I've spent a lot of time in L.A. and I love it. A lot of Brits can't stand the place, but I like the West Coast attitude and the way people celebrate success.
Ricky Schroder|At this point, I don't get hired a lot because people don't think I could finance a movie.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|I love you, Marks. My heart is completely and utterly yours. And unfortunately for you, the rest of me comes with it.
Marilyn Ferguson|We need to learn how to organize, not just to let our anger explode. We need to have organization for the long run, not for one issue, not for one murder, but for everything coming to us in the next 20, 30 years.
Irwin Shaw|It was never built for the comfort and happiness of its citizens, but to astonish the world.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Do you mean ter tell me," he growled at the Dursleys, "that this boy—this boy!—knows nothin' abou'—about ANYTHING?"Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to school, after all, and his marks weren't bad."I know some things," he said. "I can, you know, do math and stuff.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We must face honestly the toll that anger and bitterness take on our lives. They are our enemies! The Bible says, “An angry person stirs up dissension, and a hot-tempered one commits many sins.
Jerry Z. Muller|Imperialism was born when the ruling class in capitalist production came up against national limitations to its economic expansion. The bourgeoisie turned to politics out of economic necessity; for if it did not want to give up the capitalist system whose inherent law is constant economic growth, it had to impose this law upon its home governments and to proclaim expansion to be an ultimate political goal of foreign policy.
Andrea Cremer, Bloodrose|Only a sense of lightness, giddy and dizzying, like flight—of a burden that didn't belong to me being lifted.Suddenly I knew the truth and the lights surrounding me exp
Eve Zibart, The Unofficial Guide to Walt Disney World for Grown-Ups|I believe in the power of imagination. I believe in the unexplained possibilities of the spirit. And I believe that the heart, like any other muscle, grows stiff if it is not exercised regularly.I believe.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Mischiefs feed / Like beasts, till they be fat, and then they bleed.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|When we know our true nature, especially the functioning of the mind, we stop being judgmental and become an inspiration and support to others.
Gabriel Cousens M.D.|As the adults, we are the ones who set the stage for vitality, love, or disharmony in the home. We set ourselves up for one or the other, and our children take their cues from us.
Justina Ireland, Promise of Shadows|The darkness agrees with me. It asks me to release it, as loud as a roar and as quiet as a whisper. I remember what my sister said long ago: You must control the darkness. You can’t ever give in to it. But the shadows want to make me happy, and I deserve a little happiness
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Facts bring us to knowledge, but stories lead to wisdom.
Phyllis Diller|There is only room in the lifeboat of your life for one, and you always choose yourself, and turn your parents into whatever it takes to keep you afloat.
Charles Bukowski|I'm a misunderstood genius.""What's misunderstood?""Nobody thinks I'm a genius.
Tim Vine|Blood relatives often have nothing to do with family, and similarly, family is about who you choose to make your life with.
John F. Kerry|I vent my anger in the gym, and it calms me down.
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|Hjuki and BilHjuki and Bil chased the moon,With waters from Byrgir’s well,Upon their shoulders they did share,Simul the pole and Saegr.‘Mani,’ they cried and chased the sky,‘From Byrgir whence we came,To water the earth and water your drink,And water the seas with rain’.Hati looked back and Skol ahead,But Mani gave no reply,For Hjuki he took, and bent his crook,And Bil was taken thereafter.Hjuki and Bil still chase the moon,From Byrgir whence they came,To water the earth and water the drink,And water the seas with rain.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|All experiences, emotions, behaviors and beliefs, that make us humans, are the creation of various intricate and inexplicable molecular interactions within the brain.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|At present we are on the outside of the world, the wrong side of the door. We discern the freshness and purity of morning, but they do not make us fresh and pure. We cannot mingle with the splendours we see. But all the leaves of the New Testament are rustling with the rumour that it will not always be so. Some day, God willing, we shall get in.
José Saramago, Baltasar and Blimunda|It will no longer be necessary to leave one's own home in order to find work in the surrounding districts, which means spending week after week away from home, for no matter how restless a fellow might be, his own home, if he has a wife he respects and children he loves, has the same satisfying taste as bread, a man's home is not for all hours, but he soon begins to miss it if he does not go back there every day.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|I'd become an uncertain creature in her mind, and I found I liked it; she couldn't fathom what else I might be doing when her eyes weren't on me.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|A sacrament--like marriage--means living a life better than your natural instincts, so that you're modeling God. And God never gives up.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Though I leave the house as little as possible, I have the impression that someone is disturbing my papers. More than once I have discovered that some pages were missing from my manuscripts. A few days afterward I would find the pages in their place again. But often I no longer recognize my manuscripts, as if I had forgotten what I had written, or as if overnight I were so changed that no longer recognized myself in the self of yesterday.
Kimberley Payne, Adam's Animals - fun facts about God's Creation|I love cheetahs. Every moment of every day is spent in fear of dying a terrible death yet they always carry themselves elegantly, remain loyal to their family, and never complain about anything.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I like texting as much as the next kidult - and embrace it as yet more evidence, along with email, that we live now in the post-aural age, when an unsolicited phone call is, thankfully, becoming more and more understood to be an unspeakable social solecism, tantamount to an impertinent invasion of privacy.
Saint Basil|We need to teach the highly educated man that it is not a disgrace to fail and that he must analyze every failure to find its cause. He must learn how to fail intelligently, for failing is one of the greatest arts in the world.
Lao Tzu|You know, failure hurts. Any kind of failure stings. If you live in the sting, you will - undoubtedly - fail. My way of getting past the sting is to say no, I'm just not going to let this get me down.
James  Brown|When I'm on stage, I'm trying to do one thing: bring people joy. Just like church does. People don't go to church to find trouble, they go there to lose it.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Till thou hast learned to suffer from a saint a well as from the wicked, and to be abused by the godly as well as the ungodly, never look to live a contented or comfortable life, nor ever think thou has truly learned the art of suffering (383).
Amit Kalantri|To your parents you are still that innocent baby, and sometimes even you will need your father's hand and your mother's lap.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|She called me ‘my lady,’ ” she told him in a plaintive voice. “I don’t know who that is. I’m no lady.” The last of his fury faded away to be replaced with a quick gleam. He peered under the sheet. “I can attest to that.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Dying is Easy , its Living that's hard
David Foster Wallace, Consider the Lobster and Other Essays|To make someone an icon is to make him an abstraction, and abstractions are incapable of vital communication with living people.1010 One has only to spend a term trying to teach college literature to realize that the quickest way to kill an author's vitality for potential readers is to present that author ahead of his time as "great" or "classic." Because then the author becomes for the students like medicine or vegetables, something the authorities have declared "good for them" that they "ought to like," at which point the students' nictitating membranes come down, and everyone just goes through the requisite motions of criticism and paper-writing without feeling one real or relevant thing. It's like removing all oxygen from the room before trying to start a fire.
Anton Chekhov, The Essential Tales of Chekhov|As a rule, however fine and deep a phrase may be, it only affects the indifferent, and cannot fully satisfy those who are happy or unhappy; that is why dumbness is most often the highest expression of happiness or unhappiness; lovers understand each other better when they are silent, and a fervent, passionate speech delivered by the grave only touches outsiders, while to the widow and children of the dead man it seems cold and trivial.
Jonathan Stroud, The Ring of Solomon|Can you define "plan" as "a loose sequence of manifestly inadequate observations and conjectures, held together by panic, indecision, and ignorance"? If so, it was a very good plan.
|Doubt is something we all feel, but some people allow theirs to grow stronger than their confidence and faith.
krvishal|I recognize that I have the ability to be selfish, but I also recognize that you can't be happy if you only care about yourself at the expense of other people.
Nalo Hopkinson, Midnight Robber|I wondered if whiteness were contagious. If it were, then surely I had caught it. I imagined this “condition” affected the way I walked, talked, dressed, danced, and at its most advanced stage, the way I looked at the world and at other people.
Gabby Bess, Alone with Other People|A Wyvern’s body is different from the body of a young girl in several major respects. First, it has wings, which most young girls do not (there are exceptions). Second, it has a very long, thick tail, which some young girls may have, but those who find themselves so lucky keep them well hidden. Let us just say, there is a reason some ladies wore bustles in times gone by! Third, it weighs about as much as a tugboat carrying several horses and at least one boulder. There are girls who weigh that much, but as a rule, they are likely to be frost giants. Do not trouble such folk with asking after the time or why their shoes do not fit so well.
Kim Holden, Bright Side|Trust and my heart are linked. If I trust you it means I've let you into my heart. And I trust you not to hurt me. The pinnacle of trust, the trust I've never afforded to anyone, is the scariest: true love.
J.D. Winston, God Must Be Weeping|A Quote from Monty's journal in GOD MUST BE WEEPING. "I felt as anonymous as a grain of sand.
Spike Jonze, her|It's like I'm reading a book, andit's a book I deeply love, but I'mreading it slowly now so the wordsare really far apart and the spacesbetween the words are almostinfinite. I can still feel you andthe words of our story, but it's inthis endless space between thewords that I'm finding myself now.It’s a place that’s not of thephysical world - it's whereeverything else is that I didn'teven know existed. I love you somuch, but this is where I am now.This is who I am now.And I need you to let me go. Asmuch as I want to I can't live inyour book anymore.
Judy Sheindlin|When once your point of view is changed, the very thing which was so damning becomes a clue to the truth.
Walter Moers, The City of Dreaming Books|Sometimes, in the course of my hopeless quest, I would pick up and dip into one of the ordinary books that lay strewn around the castle. Whenever I did, it seemed so insipid and insubstantial that I flew into a rage and hurled it at the wall after reading the first few sentences. I was spoilt for any other form of literature, and the mental torment I endured was comparable to the agony of unrequited love compounded by the withdrawal symptoms associated with a severe addiction.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|I remember her words to me when I left school: Your mind will be your comfort. It is, sometimes. And sometimes it isn't.
Amy Poehler|When you're a stay-at-home mother you have to pretend it's really boring, but it's not. It's enriching and fulfilling, and an amazing experience. And then when you're a working mother you have to pretend that you feel guilty all day long.
Chuck Close|When I saw that Wrestlemania had broken an indoor attendance record, I just walked into a wrestling office, Championship Wrestling in Florida, during the offseason, and they introduced me to Hiro Matsuda, who became my mentor... and the rest is history!
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|The word 'truth' itself ceases to have its old meaning. It describes no longer something to be found, with the individual conscience as the sole arbiter of whether in any particular instance the evidence (or the standing of those proclaiming it) warrants a belief; it becomes something to be laid down by authority, something which has to believed in the interest of unity of the organized effort and which may have to be altered as the exigencies of this organized effort require it.
Aman Srivastava|Even the best writer has to erase sometimes,even the best orator can stammer sometimes,even the most successful man can experience failures,and even the greatest man may face the adversaries in life with cowardice...
Igor Stravinsky|In a big family the first child is kind of like the first pancake. If it's not perfect, that's okay, there are a lot more coming along.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|A good mother... when you CRY, she CARRIES you; when you are HUNGRY, she will HURRY to feed you; when you are about to SLEEP, she SINGS for you! Long live good mothers! Thank you mama!
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|An inn, of course, was a place you came to at night (not at three o'clock in the afternoon), preferably a rainy night—wind, too, if it could be managed; and it should be situated on a moor (“bleak,” Kate knew, was the adjective here). And there should be scullions; mine host should be gravy-stained and broad in the beam with a tousled apron pulled across his stomach; and there should be a tall, dark stranger—the one who speaks to nobody—warming thin hands before the fire. And the fire should be a fire—crackling and blazing, laid with an impossible size log and roaring its great heart out up the chimney. And there should be some sort of cauldron, Kate felt, somewhere about—and, perhaps, a couple of mastiffs thrown in for good measure.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|In Europe, what seems to bond toads and toadstools strongly is their shared role as potentially toxic "agents of death", and their close associations with magic and the supernatural. In Christian thought, both were seen to represent the dark and evil threads of nature's tapestry. Both appeared in late medieval art in representations of hell, particularly in the work of Flemish artists.
Felipe VI of Spain|I believe that young people are looking for answers to the big questions just like everyone else, and that they respect intelligent comment to help guide them through tough times.
Ben Okri|The act of putting pen to paper encourages pause for thought, this in turn makes us think more deeply about life, which helps us regain our equilibrium.
Lionel Suggs|Those who refuse His mercy satisfy His justice in another way. Without His mercy, they cannot love Him. Without love for Him they cannot be 'justified' or 'made just'. That is to say: they cannot conform to Him Who is love. Those who have not received His mercy are in a state of injustice with regard to Him. It is their own injustice that is condemned by His justice. And in what does their injustice consist? In the refusal of His mercy. We come, in the end, to this basic paradox: that we owe it to God to receive from Him the mercy that is offered to us in Christ, and that to refuse this mercy is the summation of our 'injustice'. Clearly, then, only the mercy of God can make us just, in this supernatural sense, since the primary demand of God's justice upon us is that we receive His mercy.
Zosia Mamet|I knew a ton of actors and was friends with them, but I never dated actresses. I tried to date 'normal' people because the Hollywood dating rule is 'one star per couple' because it's quite a challenge to match the egos of two actors.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Just for a second, think, how mysteriously vast the universe is! And you the humans exist only in a tiny fraction of that vastness. You’d realize how insignificant you are if you compare yourself with the vastness of the universe. Your universe is everything that is out there. Your little 3 pound brain has access to only a microscopic percentage of that unfathomable everything. You childishly boast your greatness as a so-called advanced species while you only see a very small strip of what’s really going on in the universe.
Marie Lu, Champion|Regardless of what comes and goes on the stage, the stage is always just there. The people of the world are all actors, but if they own the stage, they become the masters. As masters, they will always be able to act on the stage.
Roxane Gay|When too many Americans don't vote or participate, some see apathy and despair. I see disappointment and even outrage. And I believe that out of this frustration can come hope and action.
Alan Bissett, Death Of A Ladies' Man|[Leslie Bennett] You have a teenager who desperately wants to separate...If you don't have a career, these New Domesticity types are likely to find themselves standing in the kitchen with all these domestic skills and no outlet for them, no way to earn a living.... [A]t that point your kids are not thanking you for having made the hand-pureed baby food and for giving them homemade cookies. They don't feel you've done them a big favor; they say, "Why didn't she ever grow up and take responsibility for her own life?
Kevin Hearne, Trapped|The color palette is confined to that of a Gustave Dore' engraving, greys and blacks, and subtle shadings of these rendered in harrowing crosshatches and highlighted with sudden glaring areas of nothingness, like splotches of vitiligo sent to haunt the dead with memories of what real light did to the eyes.
Dana Marton, Deathblow|The man's gaze hesitated on the four-inch cut on Joe's left cheek, courtesy of the log that had slapped him in the face on the river. With twenty-some stitches sticking out, the wound looked like a giant red caterpillar was crawling across Joe's face.	"Well, that'll disappoint the ladies." But then the captain grunted. "Never mind. With you, they'll probably like it, think it's all manly." He peered behind Joe. "Anyone naked in there?"	Joe stepped aside. "I'm having an off morning.
John Polkinghorne|Whose rights will we acknowledge? Whose human dignity will we respect? For whose well-being will we, as a people, assume responsibility?
William Paul Young|But without wisdom, imagination is like a cruel taskmaster.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|The power of fiction is a great thing. But, after all, reality is just a little more important.
Robert Bringhurst|Essay on Adam"There are five possibilities. One: Adam fell.Two: he was pushed. Three: he jumped. Four:he only looked over the edge, and one look silenced him.Five: nothing worth mentioning happened to Adam.The first, that he fell, is too simple. The fourth,fear, we have tried and found useless. The fifth,nothing happened, is dull. The choice is between:he jumped or was pushed. And the difference between theseis only an issue of whether the demonswork from the inside out or from the outsidein: the onetheological question.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To understand fully the importance of music, you must try to image a world without music! Such a world would be a world of hopelessness and boredom!
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|Then someone cried out, “Suicide bomber!” The crowd panicked. In the ensuing stampede, terrified pilgrims ran in both directions, many colliding in the middle of the bridge. A side railing collapsed under their weight, and scores leaped into the water whether they could swim or not. Hundreds were trampled to death. More than a thousand died. Hundreds of pairs of sandals were scattered around the bridge, left behind when pilgrims made their desperate dives into the river. I was given all of seventy-five seconds to tell the story on the Nightly News.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|Once you have some yes's in your life, the no's are not that bad.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|Beautiful night, isn't it, Police Girl? It's especially beautiful if you're a bloodsucker.
Steven Wright|Everyone has a photographic Memory, some just don't have film.
Alvin Toffler|Scientists use satellites to track weather, map ice sheet melting, detect diseases, show ecosystem change... the list goes on and on. I think nearly every scientific field benefits or could benefit from satellite imagery analysis.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, find the happiness inside you; there is no better thing that you can do.
Tanya Masse|She was tall and dark-skinned and looked like a Nigerian sculpture. She moved like a lioness, her every step bristling with suppressed violence.
Sue Grafton, I is for Innocent|Plan all you want, it is a very different thing to actually kill a person than to fantasize about it. In your fantasy, you have superhuman strength. Or your action takes no strength at all. You just do it, your arms gliding effortlessly through the weightlessness of your dream world. In reality, you have to plunge a knife or pull a trigger. You have to look into the eyes of an actual person. You see their humanity. You have to push past the respect for life that has been drilled into you since before you could talk. I’m not saying it’s impossible. It happens every day. But for normal people who have lived their whole lives as law-abiding citizens, trying to be polite and well-mannered, respectful of their elders and kind to animals, good listeners and good employees; for people who use their turn signals, and hurry to get to work on. time, leave tips for their letter carrier, and put dollars in the Salvation Army’s red bucket, hoping to make the world a little better— killing another human being is not an easy thing.
Scott Stabile|When our desire for truth outweighs our fear of change, we make choices that serve an open heart rather than a closed mind.
I are|Imagination is more important than knowledge”, with due respect to Mr. Einstein, I beg to differ! “Imagination is not possible without knowledge.
Marcel Duchamp|Jazz is known all over the world as an American musical art form and that's it. No America, no jazz. I've seen people try to connect it to other countries, for instance to Africa, but it doesn't have a damn thing to do with Africa.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge comes naturally with studying, and with God's touch, instantly. Wisdom comes naturally with age, and with God's touch, immediately.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I'm not a vain person, but I am human...
Rick Santelli|Product management really is the fusion between technology, what engineers do - and the business side.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|quoting from Neil Kinnock, running against Thatcher in 1987:Why am I the first Kinnock in a thousand generations to be able to get to university? Why is Glenys the first woman in her family in a thousand generations to be able to get to university? Is it because all our predecessors were thick? Did they lack talent? Those people who could sing, and play, and recite, and write poetry, those people who could make wonderful things with their hands? Those people who could dream dreams, see visions? Why didn't they get it? Was it because they were weak? Those people who could work eight hours underground and then come up and play football? Weak? Those women who could survive eleven childbearings? Were they weak? Anybody really think that they didn't get what we have because they didn't have the talent, or the strength, or the endurance, or the commitment? Of course not. It was because there was no platform on which they could stand.
Alan Cohen|Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Lately, I couldn't remember those years, as if childhood was a movie I'd only seen the previews to.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Seropusly, why do flies line up in the sky every time someone lies? Hovering over they long to take the shit out from where It belongs so They compete to eat it alive.
Radhe Maa|If you wish to enjoy a position, find ways of being useful, hard working and cooperative with the people whose favour has given you the position
Jeremih|I've died so many times. I'm 65. On my 40th birthday, my girlfriend gave me a reel with ways I had died, whether it was by knife, or electrocution or drowning or being thrown off a building or whatever it might have been. I've died a lot of times!
Maya Banks, In Bed with a Highlander|Pain is in the mind. And, in my mind, ma chérie … I was withyou.
Ron Chernow, Alexander Hamilton|[Philip's death was] beyond comparison the most afflicting of my life.... He was truly a fine youth. But why should I repine? It was the will of heaven and he is now out of the reach of the seductions and calamities of a world full of folly, full of vice, full of danger, of least value in proportion as it is best known. I firmly trust also that he has safely reached the haven of eternal repose and felicity. (Alexander Hamilton letter to Benjamin Rush about the death of his 19-year old son from mortal wounds inflicted from a duel.)
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|There was plenty for the eye to feast on, but nothing for the soul. He had a hunger for something that no sky could satisfy. Somewhere on the planet there had to be a different kind of light.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|True to the GAME (Giving, Affirming, Manifesting, Evolving).
Cody Horn|I started running around my 30th birthday. I wanted to lose weight; I didn't anticipate the serenity. Being in motion, suddenly my body was busy and so my head could work out some issues I had swept under a carpet of wine and cheese. Good therapy, that's a good run.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|For our people, butterflies are a symbol of hope. It's said that if you capture one in your hands and whisper your dreams to it, it will carry them up to the heavens so that the wish can be granted.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
Milo Yiannopoulos|There's a reason why the Foo Fighters don't blast out Nirvana songs every night: because we have a lot of respect for them. You know, that's hallowed ground. We have to be careful. We have to tread lightly. We have talked about it before, but the opportunity hasn't really come up, or it just hasn't felt right.
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|Father Gregory laid a hand on his shoulder. "Sometimes life knocks us to our knees." His hand tightened briefly. "But that's a damn good position to pray from.
Jean Moreau, Abbey of Kervennec, France|The bike does this; it is an apotheosis of self-sufficiency, in which a well-loved machine will unhesitatingly and quietly mediate intentional being into momentum. As you ride a bike and start to ride it well, there are moments when it becomes an affirmation of life devoid of separation and distinction; you ride through the earth unthinkingly rather than across it. There is no need to account for who you are in others’ terms, in language, even. Your characteristics give way to your being. The effort put into the bike can take you out of your socialized, represented self into what Heidegger called ‘disclosing self’, where you simply are ever-shifting endeavour.
Steve Merrick|The conventional term is "mystical experience," meaning something that by its very nature lies beyond the reach of language, except for some vague verbal hand-wavings about "mystery" and "transcendence." As far as I was concerned - as a rationalist, an atheist, a scientist by training - this was the realm of gods and fairies and of no use to the great human project of trying to retain a foothold on the planet for future generations.
John C. Wright, Transhuman and Subhuman: Essays on Science Fiction and Awful Truth|Oh, right. She doesn’t know your secret identity.” Andy unzipped his sweatshirt and tossed it on a chair. “So, Meg Ryan just sent Tom Hanks a book but…”	“No, Meg Ryan just sent NY152 a book, which was then overnighted to Tom Hanks, who lives above Meg Ryan and knows she’s Shopgirl, while she has no idea he’s NY152.”	“I’m a little disturbed you know that movie so well.”	“It was actually a remake of a 1937 play called Parfumerie by Miklós László.” Paul blew out a breath. “And it’s really not as fun as they made it sound.”	“But hey, at least you can say you’ve got mail,” Andy said, chuckling.
Arthur Miller, Death of a Salesman|Tessa never could look at him without a tightening in her chest, a painful stutter of her heart.
Satya Nadella|For my first show at 'SNL', I wrote a Bill Clinton sketch, and during our read-through, it wasn't getting any laughs. This weight of embarrassment came over me, and I felt like I was sweating from my spine out. But I realized, 'Okay, that happened, and I did not die.' You've got to experience failure to understand that you can survive it.
John Muir|Whenever I talk about the Bahamas and its beauty, I could never stop talking about my God, who has given us all of this beauty.
Stanley Kubrick|The dead know only one thing, it is better to be alive
R. Alan Woods, Apologia: A Collection of Christian Essays|Oh, what an unbearable yoke is free will! What a vicious curse of the gods, granting self-determination to creatures incapable of guiding themselves! What good parent would free a child among tigers?
Moonshine Noire|His room was a sickly dual-tone of crimson and charcoal, like an Untitled Rothko, the colours bleeding into each other horribly and then rather serenely. The overall effect was overwhelmingly unapologetic but it grew on you like a wart on your nose you didn't realise it was a part of your identity until one day it simply was. His room was his identity. Fiercely bold, avant-garde but never monotonous. He was red, he was black, he was bored, and he was fire. At least to me he seemed like fire. A tornado of fire that burned all in its wake leaving only the wretched brightness of annihilation. His room was where he charmed and disarmed us. We were his playthings. Nobody plays with fire and leaves unscarred. The fire soon seeps into chard and soot. The colours of his soul, his aura, and probably his heart if he didn't stop smoking.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Young children need to develop good habits that will be useful to them the rest of their lives. It is important to keep the lessons age-appropriate. For example, when your children start earning allowances, that would be a good time to teach them how to put some money in the bank instead of spending it all.
Patricia Raybon, The One Year God's Great Blessings Devotional|All suffering is not demonic or possess demonic influences. Oftentimes, Christ is simply allowing us to be strengthen for the next level of destiny.
Christine Baranski|Consumers used to think they had to compromise with solar. It was, 'Okay, I'm doing the right thing for the environment; it's cool to see the panels. I have to compromise on the cost and convenience side.' And now they no longer have to. On the cost side, it's cheaper, and on the convenience side, we set it all up.
Michael Brent Jones, Jack Emerson|Scatter the names of all those who have ever lived over the surface of the knowable cosmos, and it would remain, for all purposes, as unnamed as it was before the small, anomalous flicker of human life appeared on this small, wildly atypical planet.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|Let my body dwell in poverty, and my hands be as the hands of the toiler; but let my soul be as a temple of remembrance where the treasures of knowledge enter and the inner sanctuary is hope.
Barbara DeLeo, The Bouquet List|He tore his focus from her mouth, wondering how he could endure thirty days of this torture. Maybe he could make sure he wasn't around when she ate. Whipped cream especially.
NeNe Leakes|The lawyer's truth is not Truth, but consistency or a consistent expediency.
J.A. Redmerski, Reviving Izabel|She refuses to take the easy way out by accepting the get-out-of-jail-free card that I offered her. She refuses to be allowed mistakes and though I know she will still make them because she is human, she will learn faster from them than someone who chooses to accept the excuses.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|After he died, there was a deep calm to his face; he seemed a kind of unfathomable, still well which opened on and down beneath the suddenly smooth surface of his skin…The heat in him lasted a long time. I loved that heat. I don’t know how long I held his face and his shoulders and stroked him; as he began to cool I kept my hands on his belly, where the last of his warmth seemed to pool and concentrate. Here the fire of the body came to rest, smoldering longest, down to the last embers.
Gift Gugu Mona|Today I was rejected......I hate being rejected... SAYYYYYYYYYY MY FUCKING NAME "Bill".
Leonard Perlmutter, The Heart and Science of Yoga: The American Meditation Institute's Empowering Self-Care Program for a Happy, Healthy, Joyful Life|Without meditation, contemplation and skillful action, the anger lurking in your mind can becomethe (d)anger within your life."Leonard Perlmutter (Ram Lev)
George Foreman|Our Western society is showing its technological muscles in ever more threatening ways, but the experience of fear, anxiety and even despair has increased in equal proportion. Indeed, the paradox is that the powerful giants feel as powerless as a new-born babe.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|What a terrible thing could be freedom. Trees were free when they were uprooted by the wind; ships were free when they were torn from their moorings; men were free when they were cast out of their homes—free to starve, free to perish of cold and hunger.
Akira Kurosawa, Yume|People today have forgotten they're really just a part of nature. Yet, they destroy the nature on which our lives depend. They always think they can make something better. Especially scientists. They may be smart, but most don't understand the heart of nature. They only invent things that, in the end, make people unhappy. Yet they're so proud of their inventions. What's worse, most people are, too. They view them as if they were miracles. They worship them. They don't know it, but they're losing nature. They don't see that they're going to perish. The most important things for human beings are clean air and clean water.
Howard Kerr, The Haunted Dusk|Supernatural fiction contains its own generic borderland: a neutral territory, which Tzvetan Todorov calls 'the fantastic,' between 'the marvelous' and 'the uncanny.' According to Todorov, 'The fantastic is that hesitation experienced by a person who knows only the laws of nature, confronting an apparently supernatural event.' Once the event is satisfactorily explained (and sometimes it is never explained), we have left the fantastic for an adjacent genre - either 'the uncanny,' where the apparently supernatural is revealed as illusory, or 'the marvelous,' where the laws of ordinary reality must be revised to incorporate the supernatural. As long as uncertainty reigns, however, we are in the ambiguous realm of the fantastic.
Lange Weile, Pressure|Words, one may argue, are such a drag, useless - don't think it too much, just do it. And no - I agree - over-thinking is a curse, but it is without words when I over-think, when I over-burn neurons. With words, things find their place. I've said this to myself a million times.
Friedrich Neitzsche|Far too long hath there been a slave and a tyrant concealed in a woman. On that account woman is not yet capable of friendship: she knoweth only love. In a woman's love there is injustice and blindness to all she doth not love. And even in woman's conscious love, there is always surprise and lightening and night , along with the light.
Joseph Addison|Reality must take precedence over public relations, for nature cannot be fooled.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|If each side had been frankly contending for its own real wish, they would all have kept within the bounds of reason and courtesy; but just because the contention is reversed and each side is fighting the other side’s battle, all the bitterness which really flows from thwarted self-righteousness and obstinacy and from the accumulated grudges of the last ten years is concealed from them by the nominal or official "Unselfishness" of what they are doing or, at least, held to be excused by it.
A.S. Neill, Summerhill: A Radical Approach to Child Rearing|Small boys often produce their own plays; but usually the parts are not written out. They hardly need to be, for the main line of each character is always "Stick 'em up!" In these plays the curtain is always rung down on a set of corpses, for small boys are by nature through and uncompromising.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|The universe dilated within him, above him. Something like joy stirred in Lancaster’s being, a sublime ecstasy born of terror. His heart felt as if it might burst, might leap from his chest. His cheeks were wet. Drops of blood glittered on his bare arms, the backs of his hands, his thighs, his feet. Black as the blackest pearls come undone from a string, the droplets lifted from him, drifted from him like a slow motion comet tail, and floated toward the road, the fields. For the first time in an age he heard nothing but the night sounds of crickets, his own breath. His skull was quiet.
Jean-Michel Jarre|People are rejecting the power of the elite, but individuals such as Snowden are doing so in a positive way, trying to change things for the better. He is a very intelligent man and obviously interested in electronic music.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Even when we're standing at the scariest precipice ever, our soul still cries out for joy.
Vishwas Chavan|Love is a prayer, begin it with self. If you can worship yourself without shame or guilt, you will be able to respect others.
Ally Condie, Reached|Your life have to be filled with interesting tales that it should not bore your grandchildren, when you tell them someday.
Natalie Portman|Character isn't something you were born with and can't change, like your fingerprints. It's something you weren't born with and must take responsibility for forming.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|we are born into this world on the tailcoats of a scream. born into gritted teeth and a shock of red across the pristine. born into a solemn hush. are you evil? you, who tore into this world on a steed of crimson… are you a monster? we are born as angels, toothless, a mouth a gurgling brook. and as we grow, so do our wings, until we are high enough to see that our church is no more than a small forest and the altar a tree. are you a monster, angel with fangs? all teeth, thick with teeth, you can’t even close your mouth anymore. it rains and it’s like drowning. corn husk skin and we’re born again. into a time of being tied down, to a person, to a bed. a time of clipped wings. of holy cries out to a void. your wildness a convenience store in the desert, pale pink, dusty, arid. your wildness staring longingly at the screaming horizon and flicking another cigarette butt into the dirt, a lone oscillating fan its only company. we’re born into this concrete world, where sanctuary is to be alone or to pretend to like it. this world of broken bottles instead of leaf crunch. roadside motels proclaiming vacancies. inside and out. that pluck your heartstrings. a new church, a fresh sin. the altar now a white railing against a muted matte pink wall. you lean against it, hips jutted to the side. some of the eighties still lingers. you see a man in a leather jacket kissing a girl’s neck purple. he looks up. teeth are everywhere. hundreds of glistening teeth. you turn away. your wings shush against an old telephone booth, door forced closed. you’re calling your mother to say you’re sorry for hurting her, but when she answers you hang up.
Karen Traviss|You've got to leave the reader with more than just a name and a costume - they need to know who the character is, what they're like, what kind of attitude they have, what sort of role they play.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Ah! That glance of yours did some magic on me, you were not aware of. For once I died and was reborn.
John    Manning, The Disciplined Leader: Keeping the Focus on What Really Matters|Truthfulness is the golden thread that binds good lives, good relationships, and our very legacy.
Marta Curti, In All Things|In all things there is beauty. In the glint of dew clinging to the strands of a spider’s web; in the way the setting sun winks off shards of broken glass; in the rainbow forming in the soap suds in a sink full of dirty dishes; in a blade of grass which manages to force its way, with patience and time, through the all too willing grasp of sidewalk cement. It is in the faded brown of leaves, turning, twisting against their fate, as they fall to the ground, light and dry as brittle bones, and in the bare, thin-tipped branches, denuded by a change in season. It is in the way a stranger’s laughter cradles you if you let it. It is in the intricate scars of a lover’s back and in our upturned eyes when we ask for forgiveness.
Virginia Postrel|Iraq has the most extensive petrochemical industry in the Middle East and a wealth of vaccine factories, single-cell protein research labs, medical and veterinary manufacturing centers and water treatment plants.
Aaron Koblin|I continue to meet people who have had their Web pages hijacked, their browsers corrupted, in some cases, their children exposed to inappropriate material from these dangerous programs hidden in their family computers.
Drew Barrymore|My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Don't get pissy with me leech." With a glare, Carrow pressed her print to his torque. "Even tapped out, I can still do a love spell to make you fall in love--with the sun.
Adolf Hitler|In 2008, Barack Obama was the electoral equivalent of the Hula Hoop; a political Pet Rock; a craze, a fad, an irrational gadget. The latest have-to-have, must-vote-for candidate.
Asma Naqi|There are many things in life I hope to experience and attend, but so many more I'm hoping that I miss.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The pathway to a truly successful life is to yearn, learn and earn.
C.S. Lewis|Carn Carby left, and ender mentally added him to his private list of people who also qualified as human beings.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|Memories. Created in a moment, remembered for a lifetime.
Martha Hunt|I think I've done every crazy diet there was in the beginning, but it's weird: I'm thinner now than I was when I was modeling. I don't obsess about it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|A mind might ponder its thought for ages, and not gain so much self-knowledge as the passion of love shall teach it in a day.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to kill animals, you are unconsciously teaching cruelty to other creations.
Margaret Atwood|That first pregnancy is a long sea journey to a country where you don't know the language, where land is in sight for such a long time that after a while it's just the horizon - and then one day birds wheel over that dark shape and it's suddenly close, and all you can do is hope like hell that you've had the right shots. 
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Meditation is the way to develop our natural healing abilities. Healing comes originally from our inner being, from the inner source of silence and wholeness. In the silence, we can let go of all our problems, frustrations, fears, anger and sorrow. Healing happens when we bring everything that we find inside ourselves out into the light. Healing is to embrace and accept everything that we find inside ourselves without judgment or evaluation. Healing happens when we discover an unconditional love and acceptance for ourselves as we are with both our light and dark sides.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|People need to feel safe to be who they are—to speak up when they have an idea, or to speak out when they feel something isn't right.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|The family was God's idea, not our own, and it is still a wonderful institution.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many Christians want the benefits of their belief, but they hesitate at the cost of discipleship.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The history of time is captured by poet, artist, writer, photographer…!
Grigoris Deoudis|Let us liberate ourselves from any form of control. Let us focus at the inner drum, where the rhythm aligns with that of our heart. The measure of responsibility, equals to the need for evolution. Just listen, the inner child, let it whisper in your ear.
Rahul Rampal|It’s very difficult to follow our dreams, but it’s even more difficult to forget them.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|It has taken almost half my life away from Ireland for me to truly feel what home really is, and it is not what I was expecting. In the end it was not a place, or a past, or any sort of single, dazzling epiphany. It was all the little things. Cold butter spread thick on sweet wheaten bread or hot, subsiding potatoes; the scent of wet, black soil; a bushy spine of grass on a one-track road; wife iron gates leading to high beech corridors; the chalky smell of a cow's wet muzzle, and, most of all, in Seamus Heaney's words, the sound of rivers in the trees.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature|Vladimir Nabokov“... one cannot read a book: one can only reread it. A good reader, a major reader, an active and creative reader is a rereader. And I shall tell you why. When we read a book for the first time the very process of laboriously moving our eyes from left to right, line after line, page after page, this complicated physical work upon the book, the very process of learning in terms of space and time what the book is about, this stands between us and artistic appreciation. When we look at a painting we do no have to move our eyes in a special way even if, as in a book, the picture contains elements of depth and development. The element of time does not really enter in a first contact with a painting. In reading a book, we must have time to acquaint ourselves with it. We have no physical organ (as we have the eye in regard to a painting) that takes in the whole picture and can enjoy its details. But at a second, or third, or fourth reading we do, in a sense, behave towards a book as we do towards a painting. However, let us not confuse the physical eye, that monstrous achievement of evolution, with the mind, an even more monstrous achievement. A book, no matter what it is - a work of fiction or a work of science (the boundary line between the two is not as clear as is generally believed) - a book of fiction appeals first of all to the mind. The mind, the brain, the top of the tingling spine, is, or should be, the only instrument used upon a book.” ― Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature
David Brin|It is said that power corrupts, but actually it's more true that power attracts the corruptible. The sane are usually attracted by other things than power.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|We love to quote the saying “Rome was not built in a day” but we fail to remember that Rome was eventually built, and it must have been so magnificent that when people admired it, they were told that it didn’t happen in just a day. The question, then, is: if Rome was not built in a day, how was it built? Answer: It was built every day.
Joel Osteen|You were never created to live depressed, defeated, guilty, condemned, ashamed or unworthy. We were created to be victorious.
Matt      Chandler, Recovering Redemption: How Christ Changes Everything, Member Book|Whenever relationships can't be restored, it's because someone is not willing to move forward in the promises of God.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Loving yourself may seem like the hardest thing to do. But it's the greatest gift you can give yourself. If you're waiting for someone else to do it for you, you're wasting your time.
V.S. Kemanis, Homicide Chart|You need time for the grief to heal, for the memories to fade in sharpness, time to adjust your expectation for the future. Be gentle with yourself, you'll make it.
Diana Rowland, Touch of the Demon|Do I believe in demonic possession?My thinking is more aligned with 'demonization' in the context of Christianity & Spirit-filled believers, whereas I am quite certain an 'unbeliever' can possibly become 'possessed' by a demonic spirit('s).
|God brought you on earth with a destiny to strive and thrive in all circumstances, and no one or anything can succeed in rewriting this destiny without your consent. Keep being a winner that you were born to be.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands|. . . there was no possible way to deny that this girl probably felt emotions much deeper than most other people. If anyone was human, she was.
Johnny Vegas|In 1980, shortly before my 11th birthday, I wrote my first essay in English.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Madam: Are you lucky, Debora?Debora: What do you mean?Madam: Well, you don't look that happy today...Debora: Is it that clear?
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Short|Thanks, Mom. Thanks for making me try out for this play.'I think I might have just made being a mother totally worthwhile for her.I will try to never forget her face...Mom's got tears in her eyes and she's smiling. It's an amazing look.I have to remember how powerful it can be to say thank you.Especially to the people you live with.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Once again I felt light-headed, but this time it wasn't from the scent of lilacs; it was from the scent of my own death.
Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Days|If you have two shirts in your closet, one belongs to you and the other to the man with no shirt.
Lance Armstrong, Every Second Counts|Winning has nothing to do with racing. Most days don't have races anyway. Winning is about struggle and effort and optimism, and never, ever, ever giving up.
V.L. Dreyer|He hated this feeling of free-floating, just drifting from place to place, thought to thought, without any sense of anchor or root.
Cyrus the Great|You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.
Deborah Norville|The most amazing thing for me is that every single person who sees a movie, not necessarily one of my movies, brings a whole set of unique experiences. Now, through careful manipulation and good storytelling, you can get everybody to clap at the same time, to hopefully laugh at the same time, and to be afraid at the same time.
V.Kuotsu|I might be quiet, but that doesn't mean I'm not independent.
Ezekiel Boone, Skitter|I think a lot of people are really scared right now. Not every person makes good choices, and sometimes, when people are scared, there are people who try to take advantage of that fear.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|If you are enduring a cold season, don't underestimate Christ can plant you right where you are at no matter how dirty, beat up, or worthless you may feel. Rest assured, He has strategically placed you in the precise place on earth for such a time as this.
Thomas McGuane|I knew that Sundays in England aren't just ordinary dull Sundays, the same the world over, which demand that one simply tiptoe through without disturbing them or paying them the least attention, they are vaster and slower and more burdensome than anywhere else I know.
Alain de Botton|The thing is, my dad's always been more of a bookworm; he was interested in more intellectual pursuits, but nobody can escape the passion that football stirs.
Nayyirah Waheed|If someone does not want me it is not the end of the world. But if I do not want me, the world is nothing but endings.
Alon Calinao Dy, Best Love Poems Collection|Without love, the world would be a heap of ruins.
Richie Norton|Do you have a personal mantra? Mine comes from a childhood song. "Wherever I go the grass grows greener.
Sunshine Rodgers, God The Father Jesus The Big Brother Holy Spirit The Best Friend|It's nice to know in my life Jesus is behind me. There have been times when I thought that I was going through my struggle myself. I was resentful of anyone that was happy around me since I was bitter that I had to go through , what I felt to be, a very unbearable trial. It was a good relief to know that I could talk to Jesus about my problems when I felt like I had no one else to talk to. It was comforting to know that He understood my dilemma when others couldn't.
Mark Twain|Thanksgiving Day, a function which originated in New England two or three centuries ago when those people recognized that they really had something to be thankful for -- annually, not oftener -- if they had succeeded in exterminating their neighbors, the Indians, during the previous twelve months instead of getting exterminated by their neighbors, the Indians. Thanksgiving Day became a habit, for the reason that in the course of time, as the years drifted on, it was perceived that the exterminating had ceased to be mutual and was all on the white man's side, consequently on the Lord's side; hence it was proper to thank the Lord for it and extend the usual annual compliments.
Anthony Stevens, Jung: A Very Short Introduction|The specious idea that gender differences are due entirely to culture, and have nothing to do with biological or archetypal predispositions, still enjoys wide currency in our society, yet it rests on the discredited tabula rasa theory of human development and is at variance with the overwhelming mass of anthropological and scientific evidence.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Understand that great accomplishments require great effort. If a goal is achieved without effort, it is no accomplishment but a mere happening.
Hugh Hefner|Marriage does figure in my life, as I do want to have children. But I could also consider having children without getting married. The primary thing is having a good father, a partner who could be there with me through that journey.
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|My blackness is spreading, Alice. I’ve been seeing and hearing things that can’t be there or anywhere. At night, when I’m not hallucinating mad women, I can feel depression starting to burn me around the edges. If I sink into it, I’ll have to give this thing up and write a novel.
Binod Syangtan|If you can’t change your situation, change the way you think. Everything comes from our mind. Every decision, emotion and effort. So in order to change your mood, change your perspective. Happiness is a choice, it doesn't come from other people because it comes within you.
Theresa Dedmon, Born to Create: Stepping Into Your Supernatural Destiny|One day a young daughter was watching her mother make a roast for the family. She watched as her mother cut off the two ends of the roast and put it in the pan, along with the potatoes and vegetables. Perplexed by the procedure, the child asked why her mother cut off both ends. The mother smiled and answered, “Because that’s the way grandma always did it.” The next time the child saw her grand- ma, she asked her why she did this. Her grandma answered that she had cut off the ends of her roasts and baked them in a small pan because the stove she had was so small.Like the girl’s mother, many of us do things a certain way be- cause that’s the way they have always been done, and we never nd out if those things are still relevant today. So let’s take a moment and think outside the box of what has been done in the past, asking God to reveal Himself to us afresh.
Stefan Molyneux|There was something melancholic about that symbol of their nation's promise of freedom, a bell with a chipped mouth and cleft body.
Bill Murray|You can't call me a Twitter phenomenon or a YouTube one. These things are useful, but so's hard gigging. One year I did 311 shows. I did six in one night alone.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|He had appointed her not only guardian angel, but a member of his ideals.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are still breathing, do not stop learning.
brother Billy|When you’re planning the perfect Christmas … the gifts, the lights, the decorations, the paries, the cards, don’t forget the most important item on the list—Christ.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|War did not make a killer of me, although for a time I killed men.
Rory Stewart|'Perfect Sense' is a film about love and catastrophe, which I hope is a powerfully romantic and emotional take on the apocalyptic sub-genre. Its aim is to be a minimalist concept movie - where seismic events occur in simple ways that ask the audience to use their imagination.
Alannah Lynne, Saving Me|Jesus Christ!” A man could only take so much. She yelped as he snatched her up around the waist and sat her on the counter. “Sit there and don’t move. Don’t bat your eyes. Don’t lick your lips. Don’t get on your knees. And for God’s sake, don’t bend over.” He snatched the mixer off the floor. “Where the hell do you want it?
D.R. Silva|People always want the bad guy to pay for his sin, until they're him.
Shelly Crane, The Other Side Of Gravity|When you will you learn that we all have our place, our parts to play?”I scoffed, wincing as the slices on my back pulled. “When will you learn that it’s up to you if you play those parts or not?
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|If you 're serious about getting it on again, be sure to give me some advance notice, so I can grab my appointment calendar and block out three minutes.
John Mayer, John Mayer - Battle Studies|Why am I so anxious? And then it hits me. I'm not anxious, I'm lonely. And I'm lonely in some horribly deep way and for a flash of an instant, I can see just how lonely, and how deep this feeling runs. And it scares the shit out of me to be so lonely because it seems catastrophic - seeing the car just as it hits you.
Anne Lamott|This is sams phone" there was a long,heavy pause, and then: "oh." Another pause. "Youre the girl, arent you? The girl who was in my house?" I tried to think of what i might gain by denying it and drew a blank "yes" do you have a name?"do you?"he gave a short laugh that was completely without humor but not unpleasent. "I think i might like you. Im Beck.
Avery Flynn, Hollywood on Tap|We worked side by side building our sandwiches. Mine, just a few modest layers of meat and cheese, with a bit of lettuce for some added crunchiness; his, a Dagwood, piled high with turkey, ham, salami, lettuce, tomatoes, two kinds of cheese, and—were those jalapenos—with a teetering slice of bread carefully placed on top—there’s no way that’s going to fit into his mouth—he admired it for a moment then using his giant paw, smashed it into submission.
Fritz Leiber, Swords Against Wizardry|Also, in the dismal Cold Waste, any man treasures illusions, though knowing them almost certainly to be such.
Sanober  Khan|I keep my kindness in my eyes Gently folded around my iris Like a velvety, brown blanket That warms my vision I keep my shyness in my hair Tucked away into a ponytail Looking for a chance to escape On a few loose strands in the air I keep my anger on my lips Just waiting to unleash into the world But trust me; it’s never in my heart It evaporates into words I keep my dignity upon my chin Like a torch held up high For those who have betrayed me Radiating a silent, strong message I keep my gratitude in my smileA glistening waterfall in the sun Gently splashing at that personWho made me happy for some reason I keep my sensitivity in my hands Reaching out for your wet cheek Holding you, with all the love The love I want to share, and feel I keep my passion in my writing My words breathing like fire Screeching against an endless road As I continue to be inspired I keep my simplicity in my soul Spread over me like a clear sky Reflecting all that I am And all that’s ever passed me by And I hope you will look Beyond my ordinary faceMy simple, tied hairMy ordinary tastes And I hope you will see me From everyone...apart As I keep my beauty in my heart.
Aryn Kyle, Boys and Girls Like You and Me: Stories|It's like, when someone asks you how you are and even though you want to say that you feel like shit, that you're miserable, that you cry until you gag and spend most of your time imagining ways to kill yourself, instead you just say, 'Fine, thanks.
Sabrina Carpenter|I love Halloween, trick or treating and decorating the house. And I love Thanksgiving, because of the football and the fall weather. And of course, I love Christmas - that's my favorite of all!
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|A confused labyrinth of smoky starsentangles my hopes,which are nearly faded
Fran Lebowitz|I am a romantic fool, no doubt about that.
Erin Entrada Kelly, Hello, Universe|People don't want to listen to their thoughts, so they fill the world with noise.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|You know for sure Jane would be annoyed she gave you all her money and you’re not even enjoying it. Should have given it to me.’ Myrna had shaken her head in mock bewilderment. ‘I’d have known what to do with it. Boom, down to Jamaica, a nice Rasta man, a good book—’‘Wait a minute. You have a Rasta man and you’re reading a book?’‘Oh, yes. Each has a purpose. For instance, a Rasta man is great when he’s hard, but not a book.’Clara had laughed. They shared a disdain for hard books. Not the content, but the cover. Hardcovers were simply too hard to hold, especially in bed.‘Unlike a Rasta man,’ said Myrna.
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|Ayahuasca ceremonies are usually very structured rituals where the shaman or shamana holds the space and guides the drinkers on their journeys of discovery. The shaman is not just administering the hallucinogenic brew; he or she is also calling in their allies, banishing evil spirits, and safeguarding their immediate physical environment–playing the role of psychic bouncer. And while personalities vary, the role of the shaman in anchoring the physical and spiritual worlds is inviolate, and should be treated with respect.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Dimitri moved closer to me, his eyes sparkling with a secret. "It gets better:you're Lissa's guardian.""What?" I almost pulled away. "That's impossible. They'd never...""They did. She'll have others, so they probably figured it was okay to let you hang around if someone else could keep you in line," he teased."You're not..." A lump formed in my stomach, a reminder of a problem that has plagued so long ago. "You're not one of her guardian too, are you?" It had constantly been a concern, that conflict of interest. I wanted him near me. Always. But how could he watch Lissa and put her safely first if we were worried about each other? The past was returning to torment us."No. I have a different assignment.""Oh." For some reason, that made me a little sad too, even though I knew it was the smarter choice."I'm Christian's guardian."This time I did sit up, doctor's orders or no. Stitches tugged in my chest, but I ignored the sharp discomfort. "But that's...that's practically the same thing!
Shannon L. Alder|The reason a lot of women can't move on from a relationship or people they love is because they need to know why. Why did this happen? Why did you do this? Why don't you care? Why did you hurt me? Why do you believe this about me? Why did you send me mixed signals? Why are these other people in your life acting like you care? Men have it all wrong. Insecurity is not why a lot of women don't let go. Women have a difficult time letting go because men don't communicate why at the level that women require. They don't back up their words with actions that are not confusing or could be misinterrupted as something else. Until, men learn that their actions and their friends and families reactions can create a questionable doubt about how they feel, they will forever have to deal with the drama they create for themselves.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|I want to question societal norms, encourage people to think in new ways.
|No matter how rough the winds of adversities blow,continue to walk with courage and faith. You are much stronger than you could ever imagine.
Gisele de Assis|PROLOGUE Some years ago in the Planet Orfheus ... It was dark when Lucius reached the rendezvous which had been chosen to be the new hideout. The latter had been used for several months and they were concerned that they were being followed and were close to being discovered. "I thought you were not coming. I've been waiting for you for almost an hour. I was getting anxious," Sofia said, relieved. "Sorry, love. It is becoming increasingly difficult. I almost didn't make it today. The troops were ambushed in the last invasion. Igor and many warriors returned seriously injured," Lucius replied. He looked worried. Why this sudden encounter? They had agreed that the next would be the following week. Lucius gave her a big hug, pulled her close to him, and remained silent for a few moments. His longing and desire consumed him. She meant the world to him. Without Sofia, his life would never make sense. He would never forget those eyes, serene and sincere, with a blue so bright and clear that were able to see the soul of the tormented warrior that was he. With her golden hair, Sofia looked like an angel. "Is there a problem? You're so quiet and deep in thought," she asked, puzzled. He answered, "I'm thinking about us. How long are we keeping it secret?" He walked away from her, sighing. "We can't keep lying and pretending that all is well. You have no idea how much I have to endure when you are away from me, or when I see you with him." "Love, not now. We have already discussed this subject several times. You know that our only alternative would be to ﬂee and pray they will never find us," she replied. Sofia knew very well that the laws of the kingdom could not be disregarded. Love, respect, and loyalty were key factors that were part of the hierarchy of Orfheus. Although she had always been in love with Lucius who had never shown any interest in her, Sofia was bound to his brother Alex as a result of a pact. Over the centuries, Lucius began to change and express loving feelings for her. She never ceased to love him and both succumbed to the temptation and passion of it. Inevitably, a love affair developed between the two. Interrupting her thoughts, Lucius grabbed her by the hand and led her into the hut. This hut was located inside a vast and beautiful forest. He pulled her by the waist, gave her a passionate kiss, stroked her hair, and said softly, "Love, I missed you so much." "I also felt homesick but the real reason I came here today is to tell you something very important. I need you to listen carefully and keep calm," she said as she ran her hands through her hair which contrasted with her pale skin. Sofia did not want to scare him. However, she imagined that he would be upset and angry with the news. Unfortunately, the revelation was inevitable and sooner or later, everything would come out. "I'm pregnant," she said unceremoniously. For a brief moment, Lucius said nothing. He just stared at her without any reaction. He seemed to be in a silent battle with his own thoughts. "But how?" he babbled, not believing what he had just heard. It was surely a bombshell revelation. That would be the end for them. Sofia said, "Stay calm, love. I know this changes everything. What we were planning for months is no longer possible." She sat on a makeshift stool and continued with tears in her eyes. "With the baby coming, I cannot simply go through the portal. The baby and I would die during the crossing." Lucius replied, "Could we ask for help from Aunt Wilda? She is very powerful. Probably she would be able to break through the magic of the portals." Sofia had already thought of that. She was well aware that it was the only choice left. Aunt Wilda had always been like a mother to her. The sorceress adopted her when she was a girl, soon after her family had died in combat.
John Fowles|Men love war because it allows them to look serious. Because they imagine it is the only thing that stops women laughing at them. In it they can reduce women to the status of objects. That is the great distinction between the sexes. Men see objects, women see relationships between objects. Whether the objects need each other, love each other, match each other. It is an extra dimension of feeling we men are without and one that makes war abhorrent to all real women - and absurd. I will tell you what war is. War is a psychosis caused by an inability to see relationships.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|But who wants to be foretold the weather? It is bad enough when it comes, without our having the misery of knowing about it beforehand.
Richard Nelson, The Island Within|The mountain has left me feeling renewed, more content and positive than I’ve been for weeks, as if something has been given back after a long absence, as if my eyes have opened once again. For this time at least, I’ve let myself be rooted in the unshakable sanity of the senses, spared my mind the burden of too much thinking, turned myself outward to experience the world and inward to savor the pleasures it has given me.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Pious people spoke to God, and crazy people imagined that God spoke back.
Amanda Lindhout|One of my pet peeves is that sometimes the talents of my band get overlooked because, and it was the same problem that Frank Zappa had, with a lot of groups that use humor, people don't realize there's a lot of craft behind the comedy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we wish for a new strength, we must meditate on the Scriptures.
Tamie Dearen|Love is such a small word for what I feel. For the first time in my life, I have a reason to breathe. I’m enchanted with every part of you I know, and I only know a small part so far. I plan to spend the rest of my life searching out every hidden enchantment in your body and soul. And I’m going to cherish and protect you with every fiber of my being. So, do I love you? No… I lovelovelove you.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I'm really hoping he’s being genuine because I can already tell he isn't the kind of guy a girl gets a simple crush on. He’s the kind of guy you fall hard for, and the thought of that terrifies me. I don’t really want to fall hard for anyone at all, especially someone who’s only making an effort because he thinks I'm easy. I also don’t want to fall for someone who has already branded himself hopeless. But I'm curious. So curious.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If you know Christ, you don’t need to beg for the Holy Spirit to come into your life; He is already there—whether you “feel” His presence or not. Don’t confuse the Holy Spirit with an emotional feeling or a particular type of spiritual experience.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|I wish you'd help me look into a more interesting problem - namely, my sanity.
Cynthia Ozick|If a novel's salient aim is virtue, I want to throw it against the wall.
Nikki Rowe|Once a woman is comfortable in her own skin, living her own life and building a foundation by herself; it takes one heck of a man to make her want to sacrifice her independence.
Pina Bausch|You'll be back within the hour?" she said. "For the opening dance?" "Really, Azalea," said the King, putting on his stiff hat. "Is everything about dancing to you?" "It was, actually, but Azalea decided now wasn't the best time to point that out.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|All his life the example of a syllogism he had studied in Kiesewetter's logic - "Caius is a man, men are mortal, therefore Caius is mortal" - had seemed to him to be true only in relation to Caius the man, man in general, and it was quite justified , but he wasn't Caius and he wasn't man in general, and he had always been something quite, quite special apart from all other beings; he was Vanya, with Mama, with Papa, with Mitya and Volodya, with his toys and the coachman, with Nyanya, then with Katenka, with all the joys, sorrows, passions of childhood, boyhood, youth. Did Caius know the smell of the striped leather ball Vanya loved so much?: Did Caius kiss his mother's hand like that and did the silken folds of Caius's mother's dress rustle like that for him? Was Caius in love like that? Could Caius chair a session like that? And Caius is indeed mortal and it's right that he should die, but for me, Vanya, Ivan Ilych, with all my feelings and thoughts - for me it's quite different. And it cannot be that I should die. It would be too horrible.
Ewen Bremner|I realized this is what God has dealt me, and I should be thankful considering all that's happened to me in my life, but MS caused the movies to stop - stop dead - and I miss it.
Mark Sherman Smeester|If not built on integrity, distrust crumbles mansions like sand.Similarly, if love is not built on the honest indignity of friendship, it is like a mansion built on sand, bent to be crumbled and washed away.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Vision is the foresight or forecast or insight into the future. Vision is the picture of one's destiny or accomplishment, or simply what a person is meant to do or become.
Sathya Sai Baba|Whenever and wherever you put yourself in touch with GOD, that is the state of meditation.
Santosh Kalwar|I have more wisdom than any books ever written in history of times, any scripture ever written which you rhyme but this is not my purpose.
Jee, Because It's You|Entah mengapa, mendadak dia merasa bahwa berkenalan dengan si pemilik nama itu sepertinya akan menyenangkan.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, The Pearl of Orr's Island: A Story of the Coast of Maine|It takes years and maturity to make the discovery that the power of faith is nobler than the power of doubt; and that there is a celestial wisdom in the ingenuous propensity to trust, which belongs to honest and noble natures.
Lynn Cullen, I am Rembrandt's Daughter|Magdalena pulls me away by the arm. “I am the stronger one of Titus and I,” she says over the marketplace din. “Woman are always the stronger sex.” She smiles to herself. “The trick is not appearing to be so.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|Between us what it was? i couldn't fathom, till she was gone.
Voltaire|Betsy: You gentlemen stand around and look tough while I do an astral reconnaissance. Fantomex: I confess to feeling inferior in the company of such a gifted telepath. But for you, Warren, to be so.. dependent. It must be emasculating. Warren: Oh yeah, it's a real hardship. Worst part is all the sex it leads to. Terrible stuff to endure.
Thomas J. Vilord|If you have goals and procrastination, you have nothing. If you have goals and you take action, you will have anything you want.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Do not trust a person without scars. If they have no scars, then it means someone else is wearing theirs, usually unfairly, and usually permanently.
C.B. Cook, Twinepathy|It’s weird how much things can change in only a few minutes. With those three words, “I don’t remember,” our entire futures were changed. Not just for me and Brooklyn, but for the little girl, and Denver, and Jenna and Blaze and – darn, I’m getting ahead of myself again. So much for trying to be dramatic.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|For reasons no one has yet explained, the Internet is at once riveting and a great killer of concentration.
John Linder|We often call a certainty a hope, to bring it luck.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you.
Sienna Miller|My books are love stories at core, really. But I am interested in manifestations of love beyond the traditional romantic notion. In fact, I seem not particularly inclined to write romantic love as a narrative motive or as an easy source of happiness for my characters.
Anna Quindlen|If humanity doesn't land on Mars in my lifetime, I would be very disappointed.
Rajesh Nanoo|But if they have a flashlight, it means they're human and not some kind of monsters from the surface,' objected Artyom."I don't know what's worse," said Melnik, cutting off Artyom.
Michael Kenny, Politics of Identity: Liberal Political Theory and the Dilemas of Difference|The more people that meet each other, the better it is for all of them. ("The Gift Of God").
Richard Ben-Veniste|I've gotten to go wonderful places, meet interesting and intelligent people, and I started of course in the theatre and continue to work in the theatre where there is some intelligence involved in it.
Stephen King|If you write books, you go on one page at a time. We turn from all we know and all we fear. We study catalogues, watch football games, choose Sprint over AT&T. We count the birds in the sky and will not turn from the window when we hear the footsteps behind as something comes up the hall; we say yes, I agree that clouds often look like other things - fish and unicorns and men on horseback - but they are really only clouds. Even when the lightning flashes inside them we say they are only clouds and turn our attention to the next meal, the next pain, the next breath, the next page.This is how we go on.
Sameh Elsayed|From this distance of forgetting and reclaiming, I had moremercy on myself. I had poured my heart into serving. I could seenow what I had been blind to then, that the One treasured my service,regardless of human measures of success. (Linette)
Matisyahu|I remember being banned from other houses as a younger child during the winter holiday season; I was the only one who didn't believe in Santa Claus, and I was ruining everyone's Christmas.
Nancy S. Mure, EAT! Empower, Adjust, Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed On Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|Liza hated alcoholic liquors with an iron zeal. Drinking alcohol in any form she regarded as a crime against a properly outraged deity... When LIza was about seventy her elimination slowed up and her doctor told her to take a tablespoon of port wine for medicine. She forced down the first spoonful, making a crooked face, but it was not so bad. And from that moment she never drew a completely sober breath. She always took the wine in a tablespoon, it was always medicine, but after a time she was doing over a quart a day and she was a much more relaxed and happy woman.
Eddie Marsan|My mom would always read a book to me at night from when I was three. Now, I can't go to sleep without reading a book. At the same time, once I read, it's difficult for me to go to sleep, as I have an overactive imagination and I start thinking.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Take time to laugh, to talk, to hug, and to cry. These are the human relief valves.
Lisa Unger, Sliver of Truth|I think most people are just trying to be happy, and that most of their actions, however misguided, are in line with that goal. Most people just want to feel they belong somewhere, want to be loved, and want to feel they're important to someone. If you really examine all the wrongheaded and messed-up things they do, they can most often be traced back to that basic desire. The abusers, the addicted, the cruel and unpleasant, the manipulators --these are just people who started this quest for happiness in the basement of their lives. Someone communicated to them through word or deed that they were undeserving, so they think they have to claw their way there over the backs of others, leaving scars and creating damage. Of course, they only create more misery for themselves and others.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|We have been expropriated from our own language by television, from our songs by reality TV contests, from our flesh by mass pornography, from our city by the police and from our friends by wage-labor.
James Hilton, Random Harvest|And I must believe that man has the power to know the right, to choose between good and evil and know that his choice has made a difference...
Waris Dirie|I can still love an ex as a person, regardless if the breakup was bad. I would never wish anything negative on them. It takes more energy to hate them than to wish them well.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|You've a pretty good nerve," said Ratchett. "Will twenty thousand dollars tempt you?"It will not."If you're holding out for more, you won't get it. I know what a thing's worth to me."I, also M. Ratchett."What's wrong with my proposition?"Poirot rose. "If you will forgive me for being personal - I do not like your face, M. Ratchett," he said.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|The last time someone had laid out a suit and a pair of dress shoes with a ticket purchased for a faraway place, Henry had refused to go.This time, Henry refused to stay.
Shailene Woodley|The first two movies I directed failed, when I was 21 and 23, and that was the greatest thing that could have happened.
A. B. Simpson|God's "nothings" are His most positive answers. We have to stay on God and wait. Never try to help God to fulfill His word.
Dan Quayle|Every generation has to protect every one of their rights, whether that's freedom of the press, freedom of speech, or freedom of faith. You have to remain diligent.
Steven Pinker|It's only through listening that you learn, and I never want to stop learning.
Kelly Moran, Benediction|Considering she’d just blown his gray matter into the ether, he was screwed.
Jeff VanderMeer, Acceptance|Such anger. Do you want to talk about it?" Vincent called out. When there was no reply, Vincent picked up the whistling where he'd left off, smiling at the success of wreaking havoc on Darius. Vincent didn't hate Darius, or any other Gwarda for that matter, he simply got pleasure from messing with the race.
Sandra Worth, Lady of the Roses: A Novel of the Wars of the Roses|No time for better words, no time to unsay anything.-Til We Have Faces
Ian McEwan, Saturday|There's a taste in the air, sweet and vaguely antiseptic, that reminds him of his teenage years in these streets, and of a general state of longing, a hunger for life to begin that from this distance seems like happiness.
Jay Woodman|If he touches me, I will succumb. I know the power he wields over me and my traitorous body. I know.
N.T. Wright|If, therefore, those called to office and leadership roles in the church remain content merely to organize and manage the internal affairs of the church, they are leaving a vacuum exactly where there ought to be vibrant, pulsating life. Of course Christian leaders need to be trained and equipped for management, for running of the organization. The church will not thrive by performing in a bumbling, amateur fashion and hoping that piety and goodwill will make up for incompetence. But how much more should a Christian minister be a serious professional when it comes to grappling with scripture and discovering how it enables him or her, in preaching, teaching, prayer, and pastoral work, to engage with the huge issues that confront us as a society and as individuals. If we are professional about other things, we ought to be ashamed not to be properly equipped both to study the Bible ouselves and to bring its ever-fresh word to others.
Richard Lamm|I think every artist should follow their vision, their hearts is what they need to reveal, not something that society is looking out for.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Did you ever, when you were little, endure your parents’ warnings, then wait for them to leave the room, pry loose protective covers and consider inserting some metal object into an electrical outlet? Did you wonder if for once you might light up the room? When you were big enough to cross the street on your own, did you ever wait for a signal, hear the frenzied approach of a fire truck and feel like stepping out in front of it? Did you wonder just how far that rocket ride might take you? When you were almost grown, did you ever sit in a bubble bath, perspiration pooling, notice a blow dryer plugged in within easy reach, and think about dropping it into the water? Did you wonder if the expected rush might somehow fail you? And now, do you ever dangle your toes over the precipice, dare the cliff to crumble, defy the frozen deity to suffer the sun, thaw feather and bone, take wing to fly you home?
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|My group has to do the Eighth Amendment, which is the one about cruel and unusual punishment. I'm not sure why group work isn't counted in that amendment.
David Brenner|After all is said and done, sit down.
Tom Lantos|Confronting and undermining the narratives and ideas of extremism must therefore be one of our key tasks. To do this, we must retain the courage of our convictions in the face of extremism.
Michael Cunningham, A Wild Swan: And Other Tales|She is an angel, how bad could it be?”“Ask the first born of Israel when the Pharaoh pissed off Moses. Ask the salty residents of Sodom. Ask anyone who was not Noah or a fish once the Flood rolled in.
Eve Marie Mont, A Breath of Eyre|There is no such thing as a bad book, I just like some books more than others…
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|The life of Jesus suggests that to be like Abba is to show compassion. Donald Gray expresses this: "Jesus reveals in an exceptionally human life what it is to live a divine life, a compassionate life.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you have no good drive in you, your life will not be steered through a good direction. It will miss its destined station. Passion or drive is what moves the vehicle of a fulfilled life.
Gloria Steinem|When you're in a leadership role, you can never please all of the people all of the time. There's also a lot of responsibility that goes along with it that others may not realize.
Shelly Crane, Wide Awake|And then, just at that moment, when I'm no longer sure if I'm dreaming or awake or walking some valley in between where everything you wish for comes true, I feel the flutter of his lips on mine, but it's too late, I'm slipping, I'm gone, he's gone, and the moment curls away and back on itself like a flower folding up for the night.
E.L. Montes, Perfectly Damaged|The morning I drove by and saw you alone, staring at the house. I told myself to keep on driving, but something told me to stop. And when I'd seen how lost and confused you were, something told me I was meant to be there....I was meant to be there so I could help you find your way
Miss Vera|For every woman who burned a bra, there's a man burning to wear one.
Debasish Mridha|The beauty of the stars, moon, and oceans are a reflection of my heart.
Susan C. Young|Are there things in your life that could use a face lift? What neglected treasures could be given new life by restoring them to their former glory? When you renovate and restore, you show respect for what was and bring it back to a state of beauty, usefulness, value, or vigor.
Simon R. Green, Agents of Light and Darkness|It's always thoughts of family that drive me crazy, and it's always my friends who bring me
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A task is only difficulty, when we not find the best strategy to get it done.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|Do not be ready to listen to anyone who is ready to show you your past mistakes instead, be ready to listen to someone who is ready to show you the untold lessons from your past mistakes so that you may be able to skip your future mistakes
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|If you mean your words, people who lust over your lovely ways won't dare to reject you.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Lying's wrong, but when the world spins backwards, a small wrong may be a big right.
Shia LaBeouf|When hiring, trust your feelings.
Ivan Klíma, Waiting for the Dark, Waiting for the Light|I think the notion that the species can be improved in some way, that everyone could live in harmony, is a really dangerous idea. Those who are afflicted with this notion are the first ones to give up their souls, their freedom. Your desire that it be that way will enslave you and make your life vacuous.
Luigina Sgarro|At first, the wings weighed more than the chains, because with the chains we were not required to fly
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|How can you pass laws about things that nobody knows?""They do it all the time," says Hayden. "That's what law is: educated guesses at right and wrong.
Paul Celan, Poems of Paul Celan|How you die out in me:down to the lastworn-out knot of breathyou're there, with a splinter of life.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|American houses...' she said, peering over her right shoulder and down the street. 'They always seem to believe that nobody ever loses anything, has lost anything. I find that very sad. Do you know what I mean?
Anton Chekhov|In the "Brihadaranyaka Upanishad" it is said that it is not the physical person who is attractive, but it is the Atman residing in that person which attracts us. It is that which provides all our delights. Love for someone, the delight experience in that love, both come from the source we call God.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha’s Demand|He leaned up and nipped at her shoulder before reaching around to tease her nipples.	"Talin."	"Aye, love?"	"I need you."	He didn't have to be told twice.
Frank Bruni, Born Round: The Secret History of a Full-time Eater|A mighty porterhouse steak an inch and a half thick, hot and sputtering from the griddle; dusted with fragrant pepper; enriched with little melting bits of butter of the most impeachable freshness and genuineness; the precious juices of the meat trickling out and joining the gravy, archipelagoed with mushrooms; a township or two of tender, yellowish fat gracing an out-lying district of this ample county of beefsteak; the long white bone which divides the sirloin from the tenderloin still in its place.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|Some people, perhaps those with more dignity and less rage gnawing at the roots of their being, are nicer as failures, For me, it was like descending a deep pit that had no bottom
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|Stephen Covey, in his book The 8th Habit, decribes a poll of 23,000 employees drawn from a number of companies and industries. He reports the poll's findings: * Only 37 percent said they have a clear understanding of what their organization is trying to achieve and why * Only one in five was enthusiastic about their team's and their organization's goals * Only one in five said they had a clear "line of sight" between their tasks and their team's and organization's goals * Only 15 percent felt that their organization fully enables them to execute key goals * Only 20 percent fully trusted the organization they work forThen, Covey superimposes a very human metaphor over the statistics. He says, "If, say, a soccer team had these same scores, only 4 of the 11 players on the field would know which goal is theirs. Only 2 of the 11 would care. Only 2 of the 11 would know what position they play and know exactly what they are supposed to do. And all but 2 players would, in some way, be competing against their own team members rather than the opponent.
Danielle Ganek, The Summer We Read Gatsby|You keep out of my bed,” said Danny, for he knew that Joe Portagee had come to stay. The way he sat in a chair and crossed his knees had an appearance of permanence.
Ingvar Kamprad|I made enough money to buy a house. That's crazy, but fame proved ephemeral.
Joey Lawsin|Although we look at ourselves as One, in the real world we always experience ourselves as TWO.
Jennifer  Graham, Honey, Do You Need a Ride? Confessions of a Fat Runner|Disease, then, is one of those bad experiences that turns information into knowledge and knowledge into wisdom. The bad experiences that make you love yourself and your body and the world. And make you know that you are in a game that has to have a happy ending.
Roopleen|There is nothing in this world that you cannot do. Every goal is achievable. You just need to focus on your objectives, be persistent in your efforts and work hard to make it happen. There can be no hurdle uncrossable, no obstacle invincible and no stumbling block insurmountable.
Mira Grant, Feed|God is the ultimate recycler. We have a good planet here. It has its troubles, yes. We have overpopulation, we have pollution, we have global warming, we have the Thursday night television lineup,” more laughter, “and, of course, we have the infected. We have a lot of problems on Earth, and it might seem like a great idea to hold the Rapture now—why wait? Let’s move on to Heaven, and leave the trials and tribulations of our earthly existence behind us. Let’s get while the getting’s good, and beat the rush.“It might seem like a great idea, but I don’t think it is, for the same reason I don’t think it’s a great idea for a first grader to stand up and say that he’s learned enough, he’s done with school, thanks a lot but he’s got it from here. Compared to God, we’re barely out of kindergarten, and like any good teacher, I don’t believe He intends to let us out of class just because we’re finding the lessons a little difficult. I don’t know whether I believe in the Rapture or not. I believe that if God wants to do it, He will… but I don’t believe that it’s coming in our lifetime. We have too much work left to do right here.
J. P. Eggers|Leadership is the influence of a person(s) on another person(s) which guides their efforts in a specific direction, with more purpose, clarity, and unity than they would have held on their own.
Laurie Viera Rigler, Confessions of a Jane Austen Addict|But see, that's the thing about movies. Nothing is left to the imagination. You read a book, and you see a picture of the characters and the scenes in your mind. You don't have that with a movie. It's all either up there on the screen laid out for you, or it isn't there at all.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Jim watched them eat, his eyes fixed on every morsel that entered their mouth. When the oldest of the four soldiers had finished he scraped some burnt rice and fish scales from the side of the cooking pot. A first-class private of some forty years, with slow, careful hands, he beckoned Jim forward and handed him his mess tin. As they smoked their cigarettes the Japanese smiled to themselves, watching Jim devour the shreds of fatty rice. It was his first hot food since he had left he hospital, and the heat and greasy flavour stung his gums. Tears swam in his eyes. The Japanese soldier who had taken pity on Jim, recognising that this small boy was starving, began to laugh good-naturedly, and pulled the rubber plug from his metal water-bottle. Jim drank the clear, chlorine-flavoured liquid, so unlike the stagnant water in the taps of the Columbia Road. He choked, carefully swallowed his vomit, and tittered into his hands, grinning at the Japanese. Soon they were all laughing together, sitting back in the deep grass beside the drained swimming-pool.
Ami Blackwelder|Somebody must trespass on the taboos of modern nationalism, in the interests of human reason. Business can't. Diplomacy won't. It has to be people like us.
Claire Holden Rothman, The Heart Specialist|Happiness is a strange thing. It is something I tend to recognize only after it has passed, when I realize I miss it.
Sharon Shinn, Gateway|To him [Faraday], as to all true philosophers, the main value of a fact was its position and suggestiveness in the general sequence of scientific truth.
George Biddell Airy|Also unlike a planet, an electron—if excited by heat or light—can leap from its low-energy shell to an empty, high-energy shell. The electron cannot stay in the high-energy state for long, so it soon crashes back down. But this isn’t a simple back-and-forth motion, because as it crashes, the electron jettisons energy by emitting light.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|There are no free tickets in life, there is always some cost in one form or another.
Elisabeth Elliot, Quest for Love: True Stories of Passion and Purity|Often a Christian man or woman falls prey to that cruel and vexatious spirit, wondering how to find marriage, who, when, where? It is on God that we should wait, as a waiter waits--not for but on the customer--alert, watchful, attentive, with no agenda of his own, ready to do whatever is wanted. 'My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him.' (Ps. 62:5 KJV) In Him alone lie our security, our confidence, our trust. A spirit of restlessness and resistance can never wait, but one who believes he is loved with an everlasting love, and knows that underneath are the everlasting arms, will find strength and peace.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|Before I begin, may I ask how old you are?""You may ask.""How old are you?""It's none of your business
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Universal happiness keeps the wheels steadily turning; truth and beauty can't. And, of course, whenever the masses seized political power, then it was happiness rather than truth and beauty that mattered.
Benjamin Franklin|In all your Amours you should prefer old Women to young ones. You call this a Paradox, and demand my Reasons. They are these:1. Because as they have more Knowledge of the World and their Minds are better stor’d with Observations, their Conversation is more improving and more lastingly agreable.2. Because when Women cease to be handsome, they study to be good. To maintain their Influence over Men, they supply the Diminution of Beauty by an Augmentation of Utility. They learn to do a 1000 Services small and great, and are the most tender and useful of all Friends when you are sick. Thus they continue amiable. And hence there is hardly such a thing to be found as an old Woman who is not a good Woman.3. Because there is no hazard of Children, which irregularly produc’d may be attended with much Inconvenience.4. Because thro’ more Experience, they are more prudent and discreet in conducting an Intrigue to prevent Suspicion. The Commerce with them is therefore safer with regard to your Reputation. And with regard to theirs, if the Affair should happen to be known, considerate People might be rather inclin’d to excuse an old Woman who would kindly take care of a young Man, form his Manners by her good Counsels, and prevent his ruining his Health and Fortune among mercenary Prostitutes.5. Because in every Animal that walks upright, the Deficiency of the Fluids that fill the Muscles appears first in the highest Part: The Face first grows lank and wrinkled; then the Neck; then the Breast and Arms; the lower Parts continuing to the last as plump as ever: So that covering all above with a Basket, and regarding only what is below the Girdle, it is impossible of two Women to know an old from a young one. And as in the dark all Cats are grey, the Pleasure of corporal Enjoyment with an old Woman is at least equal, and frequently superior, every Knack being by Practice capable of Improvement.6. Because the Sin is less. The debauching a Virgin may be her Ruin, and make her for Life unhappy.7. Because the Compunction is less. The having made a young Girl miserable may give you frequent bitter Reflections; none of which can attend the making an old Woman happy.8thly and Lastly They are so grateful!!
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|When I was young, I had to choose between the life of being and the life of doing. And I leapt at the latter like a trout to a fly. But each deed you do, each act, binds you to itself and to its consequences, and makes you act again and yet again. Then very seldom do you come upon a space, a time like this, between act and act, when you may stop and simply be. Or wonder who, after all, you are.
Jonathan Galassi, Muse|Don’t give me that Christian forgiveness bullshit, Dukach. I’m a vindictive Jew!” he’d bellow.
Laurie Halse Anderson|I won Miss Teen World, and then a movie rep saw me on the pageant website and thought that I had the perfect image for the role in 'Madrasapattinam.'
Abigail Van Buren|The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.
Kelly  Oliver, Wolf|He thought of what his mother always said whenever he cut himself, “Dimka, scars are time’s alphabet.” If so, his body was covered in poetry, his soul contained an entire encyclopedia of pain and loss..." Kelly Oliver, WOLF: A Jessica James Mystery
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|I am convinced that most people do not grow up...We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. I think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.
Kyle Hill|My mother took my brother and I to a production of 'The Tempest', and it was in this very small - it could have been the basement of a church or a black box. The space was vast, but there were maybe 15 seats in the middle. Ariel came out wearing a nude sparkly thong and spike heels, and the muses had these gossamer see-through gowns on.
Quinn Loftis, Fate and Fury|You are just a bowl full of cherries,” Cynthia snatched the phone away and started dialing. “No my dear doctor friend, you are confused with someone who wants to blow smoke up your furry butt. What I am is a bowl full of wake the hell up and smell the roses.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|That spring was the start of everything, for me. Before then, I might have been half-asleep, drifting through life.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|Jill and I have known each other our whole lives. One house separates our houses but we act as if it doesn't exist. We met before we were born and we'll probably still know each other after we die. At least, that's the way we're planning it.
Patti Smith|Life is at the bottom of things and belief at the top, while the creative impulse, dwelling in the center, informs all.
Peggy Webb, The Mona Lucy|She was a beautiful woman, fresh-scrubbed and wholesome. Just like his ex-fiancee. A heartless floozy in disguise.
Stephen King, End of Watch|Bill Hodges is her touchstone, the way she measures her ability to interact with the world. Which is only another way of saying that he is the way she measures her sanity. Trying to imagine her life with him gone is like standing on top of a skyscraper and looking at the sidewalk sixty stories below.
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|If your spouse wants to cheat on you, he or she will. This world is a haven of opportunities. But no matter what, in any relationship, one must never doubt the spouse
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: Notes on a Latin American Journey|I think it's early. Early in our lives. Early in the night. Early in the new year. If you're counting, you'll notice the earlys outnumber the lates.
Judith Viorst|Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|Six o'clock means very little to a three-year-old. It works better to say "after dinner," or "as soon as the baby takes her morning nap.
Mika Yamamori, ひるなかの流星 8 [Hirunaka no Ryuusei 8]|I'm going to move on, while carrying these feelings with me.
Philip Larkin|Only in books the flat and final happens, Only in dreams we meet and interlock....
Renée Paule, Stepping Out of Time|The dusk light is impossibly bright. Timothy Squire is still pale, casting backwards glances as we run. After we are well free of the neighbourhood, I gesture for him to stop.'You all right?' he pants.I time it perfectly, and my fist connects, hard, with his stomach. He stumbles, falls to his knees on the wet pavement. Although his grip is strong I have taken him by surprise, and soon the knife is in my hands.
Arthur Erickson|After 1980, you never heard reference to space again. Surface, the most convincing evidence of the descent into materialism, became the focus of design. Space disappeared.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love is the active concern for the life and the growth of that which we love. Where this active concern is lacking, there is no love.
Zoe Chant, Firefighter Pegasus|Chase shook his head, his jaw set stubbornly. "You say that our responsibilities to the city have to come first. Not for me. My mate has to come first, every time.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Let us merely discuss the question, what consequences would necessarily follow if, ceteris paribus, with an increasing quantity of money, prices were restricted to the old level by official compulsion? An increase in the quantity of money leads to the appearance in the market of new desire to purchase, which had previously not existed; 'new purchasing power', it is usual to say, has been created. If the new would-be purchasers compete with those that are already in the market, then, so long as it is not permissible to raise prices, only part of the total purchasing power can be exercised.
Sharen Song|Copywriting is a design muse, it carves a beautiful masterpiece in an imaginative way.
Ernest Hemingway|World War II is the greatest drama in human history, the biggest war ever and a true battle of good and evil. I imagine writers will continue to get stories from it, and readers will continue to love them, for many more years.
Laura A. Lord, History of a Woman|We don’t have no say, ‘cause we was an afterthought. He yanked us up out o’ man’s ribs, but He made man out the Earth. He made him out the dirt and the mud and made him out the world, so man is the world. Women…women just a part o’ men.” Elaine snubbed the cigarette out, tapped the dark leather case on the edge of the table and I watched as another slim, white stick slid free.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It is the fool who declares ‘I am ascending the summit,’ while he’s toddling around in the ditch.
Everance Caiser|Critical pessimists, such as media critics Mark Crispin Miller, Noam Chomsky, and Robert McChesney, focus primarily on the obstacles to achieving a more democratic society. In the process, they often exaggerate the power of big media in order to frighten readers into taking action. I don't disagree with their concern about media concentration, but the way they frame the debate is self-defeating insofar as it disempowers consumers even as it seeks to mobilize them. Far too much media reform rhetoric rests on melodramatic discourse about victimization and vulnerability, seduction and manipulation, "propaganda machines" and "weapons of mass deception". Again and again, this version of the media reform movement has ignored the complexity of the public's relationship to popular culture and sided with those opposed to a more diverse and participatory culture. The politics of critical utopianism is founded on a notion of empowerment; the politics of critical pessimism on a politics of victimization. One focuses on what we are doing with media, and the other on what media is doing to us. As with previous revolutions, the media reform movement is gaining momentum at a time when people are starting to feel more empowered, not when they are at their weakest.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|The lowly have small ambitions, and are satisfied with small indulgences. They need not get fair treatment. They need only think that they do... 
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Mindfulness isn't difficult, we just need to remember to do it.
Keri Arthur, Full Moon Rising|The progress of an artist is a continual self-sacrifice, a continual extinction of personality.
Gabbo De La Parra|Religion is for the intimacy of your heart, not for your tongue and hands to hurt others.
Joy Hakim, A History of Us: Book 4: The New Nation|When William Johnson and slave walked down that long, winding American road toward freedom and justice, they didn't realize they would be speaking out for all those left behind. They learned that it would take hard work to make the words of the Declaration of Independence mean what they said. Ellen and William Craft were willing to do their part.
Thomas Aquinas|Give us, O Lord, a steadfast heart, which no unworthy affection may drag downwards; give us an unconquered heart, which no tribulation can wear out; give us an upright heart, which no unworthy purpose may tempt aside. Bestow upon us also, O Lord our God, understanding to know you, diligence to seek you, wisdom to find you, and a faithfulness that may finally embrace you; through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Sunday Adelaja|To live an effective life, you must understand the essence and secret of life
Ranbir Kapoor|I love tennis. I've played it my whole life. Loved it since the age of three. I had an injury, so from the age of 13 to 24 I didn't play much. Then when I moved out to L.A., there were so many tennis courts that I rekindled the love.
Nikki Rowe|Your gift to the world is your purpose, you must find it, not for them, but for you. They will live on regardless of who you are, but you will remember who you felt short of, trying to please them. The only gift that the world needs is more, awakened beings, ready to be themselves, to unite a community to do the same; everywhere & that is the gift, to rise to your greatness & help others do the same.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Oftentimes she wondered what had happened to super 8. Sure, it made perfect sense that nobody wanted the hassle of spending money on a three-minute cartridge of film and threading it through a projector, but though digital cameras were convenient and cheap, Mandy didn’t care. Super 8 had integrity, it wasn’t just nostalgia, it was art, it was history, it was a little recording medium that somehow possessed the power to evoke lost memories, to turn back time, and there was something dazzling about waiting excitedly for a reel of film to come back in its yellow and red Kodak envelope, eating buttered popcorn while the projector paraded life’s best moments, and capturing something beautiful in only three minutes.
Asa Don Brown|All children should be taught to unconditionally accept, approve, admire, appreciate, forgive, trust, and ultimately, love their own person.
Luke Evans|My parents were in high school when I was born. My mom was 16, my dad was 17. They were kids, at the very beginning of coming into their own and finding themselves.
Faran Tahir|It is not good for us to trust in our merits, in our virtues or our righteousness; but only in God's free pardon, as given us through faith in Jesus Christ.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Preaching and Preachers|The “romance” of a missionary is often made up of monotony and drudgery; there often is no glamour in it; it doesn’t stir a man’s spirit or blood. So don’t come out to be a missionary as an experiment; it is useless and dangerous. Only come if you feel you would rather die than not come. Don’t come if you want to make a great name or want to live long. Come if you feel there is no greater honor, after living for Christ, than to die for Him.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Do you know how hard it is to kill something? Nothing wants to die. Things cling to their lives against all hope, even when it's hopeless. It's like the end is always there, you can't escape it. But things try so, so hard not to cross that finish line. So when they finally do, everything's been stripped away, their bodies and happiness and hope. Things just don't know when to die, I wish they did. I wish my friends had known that, sort of anyway. But I'm glad they tried, that's part of being human right? Part of being any living thing. You hold onto life until it gets ripped away from you, even if it gets ripped away in pieces, you just hold on.
Deepak Chopra, The Return of Merlin|Words are not brains, you know.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|So it had something to do with the sinner, and something with the judge, and the fear of not being forgiven, and the relief of being loved again.
Spectator no. 7|I fight with you because i care. Now, when i stop fighting with you, thats when you should really start worrying.
Raymond Loewy|The best design work is really done when you spend more time with people, when you have the opportunity to be of the same mindset and the same incentives as the founder of the business.
Ellis Peters|Well, a man can but hold fast to what he believes right, and even the opponent he baulks should value him for that.
Ed Warren|I didn’t know if I should put my faith in God or Satan. Was there really a difference at the end of the day, when we were all going to be dead souls anyway?
Ursula K. Le Guin|Sure, it's simple writing for kids…just as simple as bringing them up.
Evy Michaels|You live on in the wind that wraps around me to remind me of the absence of your embraceYou live on in her eyes, when she looks at me I see your faceYou live on in the moon that revives the light you shone in my nightYou live on in her smile, when she laughs at my jokes, your voice echoes in her throatYou live on in our song that I play on Saturdays all day longYou live on in her touch, when she wipes my tears away and assures me I'll see you againYou live on...When I'm with her, you're with us
Rachel L. Demeter, Finding Gabriel|I won’t pretend that I deserve you. I am faithless. I have done unforgivable things. And I am broken.” He gestured to his face and body with trembling hands. “I know you see past these things when you look at me . . . but I hope I can be enough for you.”“What? Enough for me? Gabriel, you are everything.
Laura Furman, The Mother Who Stayed: Stories|She was the curator of her marriage, collector of swift quotes and unremarked-upon sensations.
Louis Farrakhan|The duty of the individual is to accept no rule, to be the initiator of his own acts, to be responsible. Only if he does so will the society live, and change, and adapt, and survive. We are not subjects of a State founded upon law, but members of a society formed upon revolution. Revolution is our obligation: our hope of evolution.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|She believed photography to be the greatest of all art forms because it was simultaneously junk food and gourmet cuisine, because you could snap dozens of pictures in a couple of hours, then spend dozens of hours perfecting just a couple of them.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|Intelligence is a way of thinking, not a choice of words.
Henry Rollins|We both disliked rude rickshwalas, shepu bhaji in any form, group photographs at weddings, lizards, tea that has gone cold, the habit of taking newspaper to the toilet, kissing a boy who'd just smoked a cigarette et cetra. Another list. The things we loved: strong coffee, Matisse, Rumi, summer rain, bathing together, Tom Hanks, rice pancakes, Cafe Sunrise, black-and-white photographs, the first quiet moments after you wake up in the morning.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Because satan hates us, he's determined to rob us of the joy we'd have if we believed what God tells us about the magnificent world to come.
Lady Gaga|You need to have a relationship with what you put inside you. I don't want to get all spiritual about this, but I believe our bodies are a gift, and to deface it is disrespectful.
Marshall McLuhan, From Cliche To Archetype|The more we understand what is happening in the world, the more frustrated we often become, for our knowledge leads to feelings of powerlessness. We feel that we are living in a world in which the citizen has become a mere spectator or a forced actor, and that our personal experience is politically useless and our political will a minor illusion. Very often, the fear of total permanent war paralyzes the kind of morally oriented politics, which might engage our interests and our passions. We sense the cultural mediocrity around us-and in us-and we know that ours is a time when, within and between all the nations of the world, the levels of public sensibilities have sunk below sight; atrocity on a mass scale has become impersonal and official; moral indignation as a public fact has become extinct or made trivial.
Brandon T. Snider, The Elements of Harmony: The Official Guidebook|Had it not been for "Nightline," Morrie would have died without ever seeing me again. I had no good excuse for this, except the one that everyone these days seems to have. I had become too wrapped up in the siren song of my life. I was busy.
Graham Speechley|. . . they would rather sneer at us and be smug, because we 'fail' to see what they are driving at. If indeed they are driving at anything--obscurity is usually the refuge of incompetence.
Debasish Mridha|Today, just for today, let someone live in your beauty of love.
Tariq Ramadan|In the business of war, the role of women is really to maintain normalcy and ensure that there is cultural continuity.
Ron Kind|I believe that we as the leader of the Free World must provide important leadership on the ethical parameters, the ethical constraints that this research requires.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The apostle Paul said, “Be not conformed to this world.” These words cut like a sharp sword across our way of life. They have the tone of the battle call in them. They separate the weak from the strong. But they are words of inspiration, and we need to hear them today.
Bernard Cornwell, Warriors of the Storm|There is no law that gods must be fair, Achilles,” Chiron said. “And perhaps it is the greater grief, after all, to be left on earth when another is gone. Do you think?”“Perhaps,” Achilles admitted.I listened and did not speak. Achilles’ eyes were bright in the firelight, his face drawn sharply by the flickering shadows. I would know it in dark or disguise, I told myself. I would know it even in madness.
AainaA-Ridtz|Hu-man, Hu-mility, Hu-manity, is a title of nobility of the Perfected One, one who has knowledge of its self, and living its essence
Becca Fitzpatrick|Solitude helps the soul remember that life andwork have two completely different meanings. It remindsus that we were created for greatness in relationship withothers, not task lists and spreadsheets.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you can't manage yourself, you can't manage your time. Discipline and self-control are what get you on track to execute your plans by managing your time effectively!
Bradley B. Dalina|Every phenomenon is a corrupt version of another, largerphenomenon: time, a disease of eternity; history, a disease oftime; life, again, a disease of matter.Then what is normal, what is healthy? Eternity? Which itselfis only an infirmity of God.
Alpesh Vasan|believe me...Nothing is bad, just proove it as right
Benjamin Banneker|Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Just like changing personality, culture change is possible but difficult.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I’d have to say, you’ve got something behind those hazel eyes of yours that I haven’t seen in a long time
Mahershala Ali|At that moment in time when we feel like the other, we were not the person embraced, not one of the cool kids, not in the club - when you're that person, it makes you feel smaller, and when they persecute you as a result, that's a difficult position to be in.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|It is in the very nature of conjugal love to be definitive. The lasting union expressed by the marriage vows is more than a formality or a traditional formula; it is rooted in the natural inclinations of the human person. For believers, it is also a covenant before God that calls for fidelity.
Georgette Heyer, Sylvester|You can devise all the plans in the world, but if you don’t welcome spontaneity; you will just disappoint yourself.
John N. Gray, Straw Dogs: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals|Yet the same thing happens to the notions of morality. They are devised, at the start, as measures of expediency, and then given divine sanction in order to lend them authority.
Kimberley Brubaker Bradley|You matter, Mama repeated. Not because of whose son you are. Because of who you are. You're as important as every other human being that ever was or ever will be. Everyone matters.
Abigail Adams|I hate to complain...No one is without difficulties, whether in high or low life, and every person knows best where their own shoe pinches.
P.J. Fiala, Second Chances|Sam, I want that to be us. I want to stand up in church in front of our family and friends and make you my wife. I want them to listen to me say my vows to you and watch me slide my ring on your finger. I want them to see you wear my mark. I want to marry you, Sam.
Shannon L. Alder|The clock ticks; the taunting rhythm serving as a reminder that forward is the only way we can go. The mechanical heartbeat of the darkness, a cold ellipsis, punctuating years gone by. Arising unchained.No glorious hymn, just the steady beat of the illusion of time. We heal or we carry forward the weight of our wounds... To believe otherwise is the mendacity of desperation. Arising honestly. The miles behind are littered with the weight of nostalgia, but too many miles lay ahead us to carry the weight. In the end, even echoes fade away. Pen in hand...Arising to write the next chapter.(MU Articles 2013, Dedication to Joey)
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|It's said that people who give excuses for the reason not do something always formulate those excuses, waiting for the reason to surface to justify their excuses!
Dudley Flood|I noticed (the ball) was multicolored. One side was green and the other was red. When we got to the gathering I held that ball up and I said, 'Before we begin, will you tell me what color this ball is?' They said, 'red.' I said, 'no, it's green.' We argued a while and I turned the ball around and said, 'tell me what you see here.' Here's what we want to do. We want you to understand until you shall have seen how it looks to me on my side, you can't convince me that you know what you're talking about, because this ball is going to be red on this side and green on that side until the day it dies. Now, if I'm willing to come around here and see how it looks to you, and if you're willing to come around here and see how it looks to me, we can reconcile that.
Frederick Buechner, The Hungering Dark|You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
A.E. Samaan, From a "Race of Masters" to a "Master Race": 1948 to 1848|Segregation in the American South was bankrolled by the wealthy eugenicist from the Northeast, Wickliffe Draper.
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|I didn't hurt anymore, didn't feel like hiding anymore, wasn't scared anymore. Because I wasn't anything anymore. Not anything I love or know or care about. Because thou shalt not kill, Kade. Thou shalt not kill. With all my heart I believed this. And I killed. So what am I now? And why should I live? How am I even alive? Because if this is what our lives are - if doing this to others before they do it unto us is all our lives are - we're already dead.
Jennifer Chiaverini|When terrorists attacked the symbols of our national unity and strength, they failed to realize that they were just symbols of our strength. The real strength of our nation comes from our people - not our buildings.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado|Who you were is not who you are. Who you are, is what you will be.
Drishti Bablani, Uns|The vainglory of wishing to understand is dangerous, immoral and, above all, old-fashioned. The modern way – perhaps the final way - is to say: Go forward, without knowing why, as quickly as possible, towards an unknown goal! To act and think are opposites which identify one only in the Absolute. To accomplish all one's movements – of the head, the arms, the legs – without ever quite attaining the status of a puppet, but with a certainty that gives one a feeling of rightness: that is what is nowadays held up as the ideal. Be citizens of Universal activity! Forget to be conscious of ourselves! The blind horse gallops without hesitation, not knowing where it is going, not caring where it has been: so let up put out our eyes!
Sam Harris|I have no doubt that your acceptance of Christ coincided with some very positive changes in your life. Perhaps you now love other people in a way that you never imagined possible. You may even experience feelings of bliss while praying. I don’t wish to denigrate any of these experiences. I would point out, however, that billions of other human beings, in every time and place, have had similar experiences - but they had them while thinking about Krishna, or Allah, or the Buddha, while making art or music, or while contemplating the beauty of Nature. There is no question that it is possible for people to have profoundly transformative experiences. And there is no question that it is possible for them to misinterpret these experiences, and to further delude themselves about the nature of reality. You are, of course, right to believe that there is more to life than simply understanding the structure and contents of the universe. But this does not make unjustified (and unjustifiable) claims about its structure and contents any more respectable.
Felix Dennis|With a poetry book I can send 100 copies out to reviewers and other people, and even do it in advance and get their response. It's difficult with iPad: how do you send it out for free, and how do you even disseminate it before it goes into their store?
Neel Burton, For Better For Worse: Should I Get Married?|Solitude removes us from the mindless humdrum of everyday life into a higher consciousness which reconnects us with ourselves and our deepest humanity, and also with the natural world, which quickens into our muse and companion. By setting aside dependent emotions and constraining compromises, we free ourselves up for problem solving, creativity, and spirituality. If we can embrace it, this opportunity to adjust and refine our perspectives creates the strength and security for still greater solitude and, in time, the substance and meaning that guards against loneliness.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|How could you give me life, and take from me all the inappreciable things that raise it from the state of conscious death? Where are the graces of my soul? Where are the sentiments of my heart? What have you done, oh, Father, What have you done with the garden that should have bloomed once, in this great wilderness here? Said louisa as she touched her heart.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|Those who love their dream of a Christian community more than they love the Christian community itself become destroyers of that Christian community even though their personal intentions may be ever so honest, earnest and sacrificial. God hates this wishful dreaming because it makes the dreamer proud and pretentious. Those who dream of this idolized community demand that it be fulfilled by God, by others and by themselves. They enter the community of Christians with their demands set up by their own law, and judge one another and God accordingly. It is not we who build. Christ builds the church. Whoever is mindful to build the church is surely well on the way to destroying it, for he will build a temple to idols without wishing or knowing it. We must confess he builds. We must proclaim, he builds. We must pray to him, and he will build. We do not know his plan. We cannot see whether he is building or pulling down. It may be that the times which by human standards are the times of collapse are for him the great times of construction. It may be that the times which from a human point are great times for the church are times when it's pulled down. It is a great comfort which Jesus gives to his church. You confess, preach, bear witness to me, and I alone will build where it pleases me. Do not meddle in what is not your providence. Do what is given to you, and do it well, and you will have done enough.... Live together in the forgiveness of your sins. Forgive each other every day from the bottom of your hearts.
Arsene Wenger|Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Day|You fill my soul with hope and love.Together, we will remain through the heavens above.One soul, together. For always and forever…
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|I kiss him to get him to stop talking. If he keeps talking I will love him, and I don't want to love him. I really don't. As strategies go, it's not my finest. Kissing is just another way of talking except without the words.
