Michael Morpurgo, Toto: The Dog-Gone Amazing Story of the Wizard of Oz|You know something, you never know what lonely is until you are really alone, alone all day, alone all night, with no one to talk to.
Jeffrey Jones|One of the great intellectual failures of the American intelligence community, and especially the counterterrorism community, is to assume if someone hasn't attacked us, it's because he can't or because we've defeated him.
Allison Kilkenny Jamie Kilstein|All the media of modern consciousness—from the printing press to radio and the movies—were used just as readily by authoritarian reactionaries, and then by modern totalitarians, to reduce liberty and enforce conformity as they ever were by libertarians to expand it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Unless you have a free press in your country, there is no need to buy newspapers and there is no need to watch the news because there is no need to listen to the lies! And you already have one real information: You are being deceived by the people you are governed! This is an enough information for you!
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|I'll shower, then we can go. I smell like a zombie."Hell, if the undead looked like that, bring on the zombie apocalypse.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|The bourgeois sees in his wife a mere instrument of production. He hears that the instruments of production are to be exploited in common, and, naturally, can come to no other conclusion than that the lot of being common to all will likewise fall to the women. He has not even a suspicion that the real point is to do away with the status of women as mere instruments of production. For the rest, nothing is more ridiculous than the virtuous indignation of our bourgeois at the community of women which, they pretend, is to be openly and officially established by the Communists. The Communists have no need to introduce the community of women; it has existed almost from time immemorial. Our bourgeois, not content with having the wives and daughters of their proletarians at their disposal, not to speak of common prostitutes, take the greatest pleasure in seducing each other's wives. Bourgeois marriage is in reality a system of wives in common and thus, at the most, what the Communists might possibly be reproached with, is that they desire to introduce, in substitution for a hypocritically concealed, an openly legalised community of women. For the rest, it is self-evident that the abolition of the present system of production must bring with it the abolition of the community of women springing from that system, i.e., of prostitution both public and private.
Sigmund Freud|All over America, people were pulling credentials out of their pockets and sticking them under someone else's nose to prove they had been somewhere or done something. And I thought someday everyone in America will suddenly jump up and say, 'I don't take any shit!' and start pushing and cursing and clawing at the man next to him.
Will Donner|There’s a moment in everybody’s life when you’re hopeless, just hopeless with hope and trust. And then something happens, something too big to understand, and then everything changes
Glenn Close|I'm not the kind of person who likes to shout out my personal issues from the rooftops, but with my bipolar becoming public, I hope fellow sufferers will know it's completely controllable. I hope I can help remove any stigma attached to it, and that those who don't have it under control will seek help with all that is available to treat it.
Sarah Dessen|The truth was I knew, after all those flat January days, that I deserved better. I deserved I love yous and kiwi fruits and warriors coming to my door, besotted with love. I deserved pictures of my face in a thousand expressions, and the warmth of a baby's kick beneath my hand. I deserved to grow, and to change, to become all the girls I could be over the course of my life, each one better than the last.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|Try to be surprised by something every day. It could be something you see, hear, or read about. Stop to look at the unusual car parked at the curb, taste the new item on the cafeteria menu, actually listen to your colleague at the office. How is this different from other similar cars, dishes or conversations? What is its essence? Don't assume that you already know what these things are all about, or that even if you knew them, they wouldn't matter anyway. Experience this once thing for what it is, not what you think it is. Be open to what the world is telling you. Life is nothing more than a stream of experiences - the more widely and deeply you swim in it, the richer your life will be.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Ask yourself - How do I see myself as a leader? How do I use my personal mission and vision to create leadership focus? What does my mission or vision mean in the context of leading others? How many people are going to succeed in their endeavours, through my leadership influence? Do I expect of myself, what I expect of those who follow me? Or I have my own separate standards for the same principles I expect others to live by?
The Cab|I Remember Years Ago, Someone Told Me I Should Take Caution When it Comes to Love, I DidSo Tell Them All I Know NowShout it From the RooftopsWrite it On the Sky LineAll We Had Is Gone NowTell Them I Was Happyand My Heart is BrokenAll My Scars Are OpenTell Them What I Hoped Would BeImpossible
Auliq Ice|If you punish them, they are your slaves and if you forgive them they are your brothers.
Sara  Daniel, More than a Fantasy|His lips were on mine, a deep, breathy intense kiss. A release.
Janet Bloomfield|When feminists create “safe spaces” for adult women...I seriously question why any woman would identify as a feminist. Feminists literally treat adult women like three year olds. How does this empower you to make smart choices about your life? How does this embolden you to go after what you want?....If feminists followed the dictionary, they wouldn’t fear #WomenAgainstFeminism and work so desperately to exclude them from the conversation about gender and equality. They would engage in debate and offer evidence....But they don’t. They file false reports, claim abuse and harassment where none took place and ultimately, expose the heart of fascist, intolerant, hateful darkness at the core of feminism.
Orison Swett Marden|I'm fundamentally a positive person. Otherwise, I wouldn't be doing some of the insane movies that I do.
Ronald P. Carver|I believe that the universe was formed around 15 billion years ago and that humans have evolved from their apelike ancestors over the past few million years. I believe we are more likely to live a good life if all humans try to work together in a world community, preserving planet earth. When decisions for groups are made in this world, I believe that the democratic process should be used. To protect the individual, I believe in freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, freedom from religion, freedom of inquiry, and a wall of separation between church and state. When making decisions about what is right or wrong, I believe I should use my intelligence to reason about the likely consequences of my actions. I believe that I should try to increase the happiness of everyone by caring for other people and finding ways to cooperate. Never should my actions discriminate against people simply because of their race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, or national origin. I believe that ideas about what is right and wrong will change with education, so I am prepared to continually question ideas using evidence from experience and science. I believe there is no valid evidence to support claims for the existence of supernatural entities and deities. I will use these beliefs to guide my thinking and my actions until I find good reasons for revising them or replacing them with other beliefs that are more valid.
Plato, The Symposium|GETTING KILLED BY TARTARUS didn’t seem like much of an honor. As Annabeth stared up at his dark whirlpool face, she decided she’d rather die in some less memorable way—maybe falling down the stairs, or going peacefully in her sleep at age eighty, after a nice quiet life with Percy. Yes, that sounded good.
Billy Wilder|To tell the truth is to become beautiful, to begin to love yourself, value yourself. And that's political, in its most profound way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I love today, it is a sacred time.
Hope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings|Symbology and ritual, at best, can only mimic the Truth ... and cannot, and never has had, any mastery over the manifestations of Divinity.
Ronda Rousey, My Fight / Your Fight|The ski club was a frugal and intergenerational group. It gave dime-store trophies for speed and agility within categories of gender, age, and experience, and so eventually everyone got a trophy.
Roald Dahl|There's plenty of money out there. They print more every day. But this ticket, there's only five of them in the whole world, and that's all there's ever going to be. Only a dummy would give this up for something as common money. Are you a dummy?
Tedd Tripp|God calls his creatures to live under authority. He is our authority and has vested authority in people within the institutions he has established (home, church, state, and business). You must not be embarrassed to be authorities for your children.You exercise authority as God's agent. You may not direct your children for your own agenda or convenience. You must direct your children on God's behalf for their good.Our culture tends toward the extreme poles on a continuum. In the area of authority, we tend either toward a crass kind of John Wayne authoritarianism or toward being a wimp. God calls you by His Word and his example to be authorities who are truly kind. God calls you to exercise authority, not in making your children do what you want, but in being true servants - authorities who lay down your lives. The purpose for your authority in the lives of your children is not to hold them under your power, but to empower them to be self-controlled people living freely under the authority if God. Jesus is an example of this. The One who commands you, the One who possesses all authority, came as a servant. He is a ruler who serves; he is also a servant who rules. He exercises sovereign authority that is kind - authority exercised on behalf of his subjects. In John 13, Jesus, who knew that the Father had put all things under his authority, put on a towel and washed the disciples' feet. As his people submit to his authority, they are empowered to live freely in the freedom of the gospel.As a parent, you must exercise authority. You must require obedience of your children because they are called by God to obey and honor you. You must exercise authority, not as a cruel taskmaster, but as one who truly loves them.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|Martin said, "It feels as though part of my self has detached and gone to Amsterdam, where it—she—is waiting for me. Do you know about phantom-limb syndrome?" Julia nodded. "There's pain where she ought to be. It's feeding the other pain, the thing that makes me wash and count and all that. So her absence is stopping me from going to find her. Do you see?
Ash Gray, The Harvest|Zita shrugged. “I wouldn’t hold it against ya, kid. You’re asking if you should choose war or love. Hate is easy, everybody does it. But most people go their entire lives without really loving. Miora’s gonna tell you that you can’t love her because she’s zonbiri, but if it’s really love . . . you won’t be able to help yourself.” Zita smiled and went out.
Lisa Kleypas, Stranger in My Arms|You are a child if you thought I didn’t know, for all your smothering yourself under that hot lap robe. Of course, I knew. Why else do you think I’ve been—”He stopped suddenly and a silence fell between them. He picked up the reins and clucked to the horse.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|There is an anaesthetic of familiarity, a sedative of ordinariness which dulls the senses and hides the wonder of existence. For those of us not gifted in poetry, it is at least worth while from time to time making an effort to shake off the anaesthetic. What is the best way of countering the sluggish habitutation brought about by our gradual crawl from babyhood? We can't actually fly to another planet. But we can recapture that sense of having just tumbled out to life on a new world by looking at our own world in unfamiliar ways.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|Blame or credit, does not belong to the child alone. Parents, those who raised the child, must be given equal credit, or blame. That does not change, when the child is one, twenty or ninety years old.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|i am a good toy , guaranteed you will enjoy till you will play with me. and i am quite also . i do not do any complaint as you will throw-out me after get new one.and you do not need to worry. i do not have heart feelings and emotions so i do not feel pain and hurt. I am toy. i am just a toy of other's hand for entertain them.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|If you wish to glimpse inside a human soul and get to know a man, don't bother analyzing his ways of being silent, of talking, of weeping, of seeing how much he is moved by noble ideas; you will get better results if you just watch him laugh. If he laughs well, he's a good man.
Pat Conroy|Here's what I want from a book, what I demand, what I pray for when I take up a novel and begin to read the first sentence: I want everything and nothing less, the full measure of a writer's heart. I want a novel so poetic that I do not have to turn to the standby anthologies of poetry to satisfy that itch for music, for perfection and economy of phrasing, for exactness of tone. Then, too, I want a book so filled with story and character that I read page after page without thinking of food or drink because a writer has possessed me, crazed with an unappeasable thirst to know what happens next.
Francis Mandewah, FRIENDSHIP: A True Story of Adventure, Goodwill, and Endurance|My story has more than a "great white hope" plot. I loved and respected Tom because he was a servant of God who happened to be white, just as I feel I am a servant of God who happens to be black and from Africa.
Terry Pratchett|In our more arrogant moments, the sin of pride—or superbia, in Augustine's Latin formulation—takes over our personalities and shuts us off from those around us. We become dull to others when all we seek to do is assert how well things are going for us, just as friendship has a chance to grow only when we fare to share what we are afraid of and regret. The rest is merely showmanship. The flaws whose exposure we so dread, the indiscretions we know we would be mocked for, the secrets that keep our conversations with our so-called friends superficial and inert—all of these emerge as simply part of the human condition.
D.R. Silva|The more you free your heart from sin, the more your heart is free to serve.
Doris Lessing, Prisons We Choose to Live Inside|Why is it that all the Christians I see on TV shows and movies are nothing like the Christians I know in actual life? The people I know have a sense of humor, aren't shallow, don't feel like they know all the answers, struggle, get scared, have hope, make sense, make peace, and hang on tight to their values because they're worth hanging on to. Have Hollywood writers just never actually set foot in a church???
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|... People with great passions, people who accomplish great deeds, people who possess strong feelings, even people with great minds and a strong personality, rarely come out of good little boys and girls.
Kim Il-sung|It is probable that England will look favorably upon the independence of the Philippines, for it will open their ports to her and afford greater freedom to her commerce.
Lowell McAdam|If you're one car accident away from poverty, you're on a high wire without a safety net. And that's a challenging proposition.
Debasish Mridha|To promote peace, promote understanding. To promote understanding, promote love.
Gary K. Wolf|Remember, people who peek through keyholes have to expect an occasional poke in the eye.
Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give|Daddy once told me there's a rage passed down to every black man from his ancestors, born the moment they couldn't stop the slave masters from hurting their families. Daddy also said there's nothing more dangerous than when that rage is activated.
Michele Jaffe, Prom Nights from Hell|Thinking, not for the first time, that life should come with a trapdoor. Just a little exit hatch you could disappear through when you´d utterly and completely mortified yourself. Or when you had spontaneous zit eruptions.“Good book?” he asked, taking it from her and reading the subtitle, “A Guide for Good Girls Who (Sometimes) Want to Be Bad,” out loud.But life did not come with a trapdoor. 
Latika Teotia|Become so strong and grounded in your own self that when someone walks out on you it is they who should regret not you.When someone leaves you at your weakest moment you feel that the sky has fallen on you. A feeling of being dumped after being used fills you; your very being cries out from deep within.That is the time you have to become strong- which you are. It is they who have been mean, broken your trust, shattered the faith you had in them and generally behaved like rats on a sinking ship. That’s when you should understand that you are no sinking ship but a properly grounded person, someone to whom everyone turns for help or advice and a lighthouse which has guided many ships during storms.Let them find out that you don’t break down so easily- you are made of much sterner stuff. It is they that have lost a good friend, an able guide, a reliable companion and a very strong person. It is they who should feel lost and at sea. Good riddance. Move on and shine bright.
John Green|Just move to the Internet, its great here. We get to live inside where the weather is always awesome.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|And I think more of a concern has been not within the campaign, the mistakes that were made, not being able to react to the circumstances that those mistakes created in a real positive and professional and helpful way for John McCain.
Earl Gray Stevens|Confidence, like art, never comes from having all answers.It comes from being open to all questions.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Being good is easy, what is difficult is being just.
Newton Kibiringi|Because someone imagined it so we have, if you can imagine it you can release it.
Bernard Jan|Passion in every word I wrote, passion in every single thought.
Alasdair MacIntyre, A Short History Of Ethics: A History Of Moral Philosophy From The Homeric Age To The Twentieth Century|History is neither a prison nor a museum, nor is it a set of materials for self-congratulation.
Jackie Braun, Love Unleashed|Her voice was as soft and sexy as ever. Those wide-setblue eyes every bit as distrustful as they’d been during his lastencounter with her, which meant that chip on her shoulder, theone he’d tried so desperately to dislodge, remained firmly in place.
RVM|Do what YOU want to do because if you don’t, you are nothing but your own slave.-RVM
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Nevertheless statesmen are still greatly exercised by the problem of the international distribution of money. For hundreds of years, the Midas Theory, systematized by Mercantilism, has been the rule followed by governments in taking measures of commercial policy. In spite of Hume, Smith, and Ricardo, it still dominates men's minds more than would be expected. Phoenix-like, it rises again and again from its own ashes.
Grantly Dick-Read|It is as great a crime to leave a woman alone in her agony and deny her relief from her suffering as it is to insist upon dulling the consciousness of a natural mother who desires above all things to be aware of the final reward of her efforts, whose ambition is to be present, in full possession of her senses, when the infant she already adores greets her with its first loud cry and the soft touch of its restless body upon her limbs.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|God’s downward descent to us in grace reversed by our upward ascent in pragmatic enthusiasm, we are increasingly becoming a sheep without a Shepherd—and all in the name of mission. Instead of churching the unchurched, we are well on our way to even unchurching the churched.
Josh Lanyon, The Hell You Say|It's the contradiction of life, if I were with them,I would only wish to be far away. Now that I am far away, all I do is wish for one more day surrounded by them
Roxana Shirazi|When you reach the middle of your career ladder, turn it the other way around and slide down to the top
Jason Hightman, The Saint of Dragons|As rain began to fall, Aldric worried the old machines would not be able to survive the weather. "Hand me that oil can!" he shouted to Siomon.Magic machines need oil?" asked Simon.Of course they need oil. They're not perfect.
Phil Knight|Every child should have time for arts, music, sports, drama, robotics, school newspapers and the like, not to mention recess and play.
Anna Banks|Funny how a little sleep, a little makeup, and a lot of contemplating can make you feel like a different person - a stronger version of yourself.
Kamand Kojouri|She placed her hand on her chest and thought, 'So this is what the poets write about'.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|The longing for something beyond yourself, beyond anything you have ever known or dreamed of?
Toussaint Louverture|The only places where I have found that simple human dignity, that respect for the other man, and the gracious feel of tolerance and humanity have not been either among the heroes of the class-struggle or the 'thinking men' but among my simple 'backward' people.
Diane Lane|My dad was an immigrant kid and a Democrat and a Jew, and we didn't know any Republicans in our group. So I grew up Democratic. My dad was a labor lawyer - a very hardworking guy, a one-horse labor lawyer - and then I went to hippie college and lived in the bubble.
Steve Maraboli|Success is something you experience when you act accordingly. Success is not something you have, it’s something you do.
John Williams|I had a teacher when I was in college, and he was the first person who liked my photos and said, 'The way you look at girls is your own way of seeing.' He was the first person who really gave me the confidence to try something.
Sarvesh Jain|We all choose our way of life, and that makes us who we are. We're not a reflection of our choice, we're a choice.
Jean Lorrain|The Girl was gone, buried in the past. She never wanted to hear that name again. She was a woman for better for worse. Whatever the future might bring she could face it as a woman, Ned Ridley's woman.
Louise Glück|We look at the world once, in childhood.The rest is memory
Robin Jones Gunn, Sierra Jensen Collection, Vol. 2|Sierra felt full of hope and confidence in God. She knew who she was. And she knew Whose she was.Whatever mysterious plan God had for her life, it would be an interesting one. As Christy had said earlier, God writes a different story for each person. Sierra decided hers might not be a bestseller or even a thriller. It certainly wasn't a romance. But it was turning into a fine mystery. And she could live with that.
Dada Bhagwan|The paramanus [indivisible atoms] of mind-speech and body are effective. That is why things appear as good or bad. It shows good as being bad and bad as being good. And because of that, opinions are formed. The parmanus [indivisible atoms] of mind-speech-body themselves express opinions.
Elizabeth Berg, Never Change|...we've let go of so many things, but never each other's hand ...
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|Lips move; lips touch; lips signal. Lips are on the outside for show, and on the most secret inside of your mouth. Lips frame words that lie. Lips frame a hole that wants to be filled.
Evelyn Underhill, Mysticism: A Study in the Nature and Development of Spiritual Consciousness|In mysticism that love of truth which we saw as the beginning of all philosophy leaves the merely intellectual sphere, and takes on the assured aspect of a personal passion. Where the philosopher guesses and argues, the mystic lives and looks; and speaks, consequently, the disconcerting language of first-hand experience, not the neat dialectic of the schools. Hence whilst the Absolute of the metaphysicians remains a diagram —impersonal and unattainable—the Absolute of the mystics is lovable, attainable, alive.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|We are rational creatures, Professor Jove explained; hope is irrational. We thus set ourselves up for one dispiriting fall after the next. Anger and depression are not diseases or dysfunctions or anomalies; they are perfectly rational responses to the myriad avoidable disappointments that begin in a thoroughly irrational hope.
Santosh Avvannavar, The Departing Point: Two people departed...in search of love...leaving love in between| The first building she reached appeared to be an old barn. Only one young guard stood before its bolted door, staring at her with wide eyes, holding up his sword in defense, She heated his sword and he dropped it, his expression barely changing, as if he had been expecting that. She held up her two swords to his throat, but they were two heavy, so she dropped one and held the other with both hands. "Where are the two Bayern boys kept?" The soldier shook his head. BURN HIM, prompted the fire. The excitement of burning was simmering in her, heating her up for more action.
Roshan Sharma|To observe life is not only to organize your internal and external life, but reach to the state, from where, without any effort, both your internal and external life, moves in synchronization.
Don DeLillo, The Names|You can be a member of all of the romance writers associations, take part in all of the networking available, or win the latest romance award... but guess what? None of that makes a difference if you don't WRITE something people want to READ. The greatest editor in the world won't make your book a best seller if it isn't something people care about. So forget all of the fluff that clouds your purpose... writing!!
Steven Magee|Even if ninety-nine percent of what you discover is later proven wrong, it is the one percent that is right that matters.
Peggy Toney Horton, Somewhere in Heaven My Mother is Smiling|Patients are almost always preceded by their parents, because no matter how fast an ambulance can drive, terrified parents can drive faster.
April Mae Monterrosa|Ladies, don't lower yourself to fight over a man or compete with other women for one. It's not classy, immature, and a waste of time. Instead, use that energy and time wisely by achieving goals and being a better you. This way, you attract someone better than a man that doesn't see the jewel that you are. Have standards always.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|If you, one, loves something or someone, that means that one is willing to, and does, sacrifice for it. That is, one chooses to do and give what is better to the being or thing one loves than to sacrifice the loved one for the personal emotion that is unrelated to or even hinders the giving. In other words, the way to transform an emotion is with a deeper one. This involves discernment and, yes, discipline, which are both frowned upon and seen as emotionless and less important. Which is immaturity, plain and simple, and is the fundamental aspect of human growth from child to adolescence to adult.
Dorothy Canfield Fisher, Understood Betsy|Schooling will give you knowledge to make your living, but education is for living a life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The most expensive jewels are not found around our necks, but in our hearts.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel that life has nothing to offer you, then offer your greatness for the humanity. You will have nothing to lose but you will win and change the humanity.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|Science doesn't claim to have absolute certainty about the world; it creates models that provide the best explanation based on the available evidence. If additional evidence is found, the model can be changed.
Susan Hill, Howards End Is on the Landing: A Year of Reading from Home|I love the book. I love the feel of a book in my hands, the compactness of it, the shape, the size. I love the feel of paper. The sound it makes when I turn a page. I love the beauty of print on paper, the patterns, the shapes, the fonts. I am astonished by the versatility and practicality of The Book. It is so simple. It is so fit for its purpose. It may give me mere content, but no e-reader will ever give me that sort of added pleasure.
Elana Arnold|We can believe things that are true, and we can believe things that are not true. Which is more important---what is true, or what we believe?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|One thing that creates difference between pilgrims of life as they journey along the various paths of life is their head. It makes some fall, others rest and some pursue to the farther.The reason for the difference is not the size, shape, hair color or the style of their head but what is within their head, what fills their mind, what enters their ears; what their eyes look and see, what their ears hear and listen to; make some champions of life and others wanders of life.
Rofithah Omar|I am unable to change myself,Can't adopt change so easily.So I just start see things differently
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|I mean, d'you know what eternity is? There's this big mountain, see, a mile high, at the end of the universe, and once every thousand years there's this little bird-""What little bird?" said Aziraphale suspiciously."This little bird I'm talking about. And every thousand years-""The same bird every thousand years?"Crowley hesitated. "Yeah," he said."Bloody ancient bird, then.""Okay. And every thousand years this bird flies-""-limps-""-flies all the way to this mountain and sharpens its beak-""Hold on. You can't do that. Between here and the end of the universe there's loads of-" The angel waved a hand expansively, if a little unsteadily. "Loads of buggerall, dear boy.""But it gets there anyway," Crowley persevered."How?""It doesn't matter!""It could use a space ship," said the angel.Crowley subsided a bit. "Yeah," he said. "If you like. Anyway, this bird-""Only it is the end of the universe we're talking about," said Aziraphale. "So it'd have to be one of those space ships where your descendants are the ones who get out at the other end. You have to tell your descendants, you say, When you get to the Mountain, you've got to-" He hesitated. "What havethey got to do?""Sharpen its beak on the mountain," said Crowley. "And then it flies back-""-in the space ship-""And after a thousand years it goes and does it all again," said Crowley quickly.There was a moment of drunken silence."Seems a lot of effort just to sharpen a beak," mused Aziraphale."Listen," said Crowley urgently, "the point is that when the bird has worn the mountain down to nothing, right, then-"Aziraphale opened his mouth. Crowley just knew he was going to make some point about the relative hardness of birds' beaks and granite mountains, and plunged on quickly."-then you still won't have finished watching The Sound of Music."Aziraphale froze."And you'll enjoy it," Crowley said relentlessly. "You really will.""My dear boy-""You won't have a choice.""Listen-""Heaven has no taste.""Now-""And not one single sushi restaurant."A look of pain crossed the angel's suddenly very serious face.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|Every day is one step closer to the precious truth; ervery day can teach you the wonder, if you're willing to see those.
Mark Matteson, Freedom from Fear|Good habits are hard to form and easy to live with. Bad habits are easy to form and hard to live with. Pay attention. Be aware . If we don't consciously form good ones, we will unconsciously form bad ones.
Daniel Arenson, The Gods of Dream|Souls were webs of light that contained the essence of a human's life. Memories and loves, children and families. Every moment of life, pressing in
Jimmy Carr|When I travel, I get lovesick. Well, they call it chlamydia.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|How can the creation challenge and control the Creator? Oh mortal man, know that there is an immortal God with an immortal power!
Ally Carter, Heist Society|I didn't know there were this many math guys," Hale said as they stepped onto the crowded concourse.Kat cleared her throat. "And women," he added. "Math women.
Mary J. Ruwart|As long as government has the power to regulate business, business will control government by funding the candidate that legislates in their favor. A free-market thwarts lobbying by taking the power that corporations seek away from government! The only sure way to prevent the rich from buying unfair government influence is to stop allowing government to use physical force against peaceful people. Whenever government is allowed to favor one group over another, the rich will always win, since they can "buy" more favors, overtly or covertly, than the poor.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Children have a lesson adults should learn, to not be ashamed of failing, but to get up and try again. Most of us adults are so afraid, so cautious, so 'safe,' and therefore so shrinking and rigid and afraid that it is why so many humans fail. Most middle-aged adults have resigned themselves to failure.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Wisdom in the workplace means to inspire creativity, learning, and progression, but discourage unprofessionalism and negativity.
Scott Hastie|Here, illuminated at last,Nestles the ruddy glint of spiritual certainty;Sweet moments of passion and healing,Of sensual release.
Tamara L. Chilver|I want home educators to look beyond the lesson plans, curriculum, and grades to see the abundant blessings. My desire is for parents to enjoy the journey rather than focus on the destination.When you begin to embrace the journey- TRULY embrace the journey- the joy of homeschooling will be absolutely A.MA.ZING. You will begin to see the much larger picture and God's work in your homeschool day more than you ever have before.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|It's easy to give up at the beginning of something, but after gaining a bit of momentum it's not as tempting or easy to just give up.
Andrew Thomson, Emergency Sex (And Other Desperate Measures): True Stories from a War Zone|It's not," Mormont told him. "Gods save us, boy, you're not blind and you're not stupid. When dead men come hunting in the night, do you think it matters who sits the Iron Throne?
Rob Liano|Before you make a decision, ask yourself this question: will it result in regret or joy in the future?
Ralph Ellison, Going to the Territory|The work of art is, after all, an act of faith in our ability to communicate symbolically.
Drake|So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you. That's the wrong thing to do. Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you. That's the wrong thing to do.Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you. That's the wrong thing to do. Cause you say you love me, and I'll end up lying and say I love you too.
David Eddings, Sorceress of Darshiva|Zakath stared at the floor. 'I suddenly feel very helpless,' he admitted, 'and I don't like the feeling. I've been rather effectively dethroned, you know. This morning I was the Emperor of the largest nation on earth; this afternoon, I'm going to be a vagabond.'You might find it refreshing,' Silk told him lightly.Shut up, Kheldar,' Zakath said almost absently. He looked back at Polgara. 'You know something rather peculiar?'What's that?'Even if I hadn't given my word, I'd still have to go to Kell. It's almost like a compulsion. I feel as if I'm being driven, and my driver is a blindfolded girl who's hardly more than a child.'There are rewards,' she told him.Such as what?'Who knows? Happiness, perhaps.'He laughed ironically. 'Happiness has never been a driving ambition of mine, Lady Polgara, not for a long time now.'You may have to accept it anyway,' She smiled. 'We aren't allowed to choose our rewards any more than we are our tasks. Those decisions are made for us.
Tiffany Madison|Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced. For all of their perceived wrongs, over centuries they've moved entire civilizations forward, nurtured the human quest for discovery and industry, and led humankind from inconvenient darkness to convenient modernity. Navigating the chessboard that is human existence is quite a feat, yet one rarely acknowledged in modern academia or media. And yet for those monumental achievements, I love and admire the balanced creation that is man for all his strengths and weaknesses, his gifts and his curses. I would venture to say that most wise women do.
Faraaz Kazi|All the good times evaporated like naphtha, the moment some air of misconceptions touched it.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|It's essential to keep moving, learning and evolving for as long as you're here and this world keeps spinning
Kelley Armstrong, Waking the Witch|If my wife finds comfort in trite Gispy homilies, I have no objection to your offering them. However, if you ever kiss her again, no matter how platonic the fashion, I'll make a eunuch of you.
Tony Samara|Satisfaction doesn't come from needs and desires or fulfilling them, it comes from being yourself, being true.
Jane Smiley|The novel as a form is usually seen to be moral if its readers consider freedom, individuality, democracy, privacy, social connection, tolerance and hope to be morally good, but it is not considered moral if the highest values of a society are adherence to rules and traditional mores, the maintenance of hierarchical relationships, and absolute ideas of right and wrong. Any society based on the latter will find novels inherently immoral and subversive.
Lyda Morehouse, Apocalypse Array|We shall give up the things of childhood -- gods and demons, planets and suns, guilts and regrets.
Navjot Singh Sidhu|My paramount object in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union without freeing any slave, I would do it; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone, I would also do that.
Antonin Artaud|In a stress pressure-cooker like America, I believe we will see more and more shooting massacres. Violence is in our cultural DNA.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|It's okay to fail. It does not make you forever a failure. In fact, there are no failures really. Only human beings doing the best they can.
Pawan Mishra|If you think there is no time to write now, there would never be.
Darlene Zschech|Praise is declaration, a victory cry, proclaiming faith to stand firm in the place God has given you. Praise is a proclamation that the enemy's intent to plunder you will not rock you. Praise declares that you will not be moved by the enemy's attempt to snatch you away.
Robin M. King, Van Gogh Gone|A half-truth is even more dangerous than a lie. A lie, you can detect at some stage, but half a truth is sure to mislead you for long.
J.P. Vaswani|It made her want to stand up next to him and fight. Fight to stay alive long enough to live out her life next to him. Fight for the only thing she knew that was good enough, noble enough, powerful enough to be, worth risking everything.Love.
Jimmy Carter, A Call to Action: Women, Religion, Violence, and Power|The problem with confronting people who make these comments is that the most you will get out of it is mockery and reprisal by superiors. You are just one girl who got offended by the comment, while so many others adhere to it.
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|Don't worry about the water," said a man with a nervous grin. "This is hardwood, it won't ruin. You'll have this chair into your old years. How much do you have? I'll take anything. My children need to eat."A few of the businessmen like Mister Mangochi bought things they later gave back. But most people had no money. They simply shrugged and shook their heads.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Men and women may devise plans to satisfy their inner longings, but in the midst of all the “religions” of the world, God’s way is available in the Bible for all who will come to Him on His terms.
Stella McCartney|My job at the end of the day is to design timeless, desirable, beautiful products. It's not about just designing a bunch of organic jumpers. I have a balance within the brand. If you try to create something people enjoy, and it happens to be made in a responsible way, then that's when you can really strike an incredible balance.
Ale3ia|Λαθράνθρωπος, οι = ἂνθρωπος/οι, που λαθραῖα συν~κατα~λέγονται στο εἲδος των ἀνθρῶπων ~ Lathranthrope, Lathranthropes = the person or persons that get smuggled into being included within the Human species neology by Ale3ia
John Malkovich|Video games and YouTube.com are creatively booming, even though Web design, as demonstrated by the ugly clutter of most major news sites, is in the pits.
Enza Vita|There is no separate entity that could be enlightened or unenlightened. There are only innumerable expressions of the One Being (which we call people, animals, forms), mirror-like facets, reflecting being-ness back to itself.
C.B. Cook, Paralyzed Dreams|In the stillness, our eyes do all the silent talking. Our chests move with heavy breathing and desire pours out through our pores. It's unmistakable.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|The conviction reigns that it is only through the sacrifices and accomplishments of the ancestors that the tribe exists--and that one has to pay them back with sacrifices and accomplishments; one thus recognizes a debt that constantly grows greater, since these forebears never cease, in their continued existence as powerful spirits, to accord the tribe new advantages and new strength.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|...it is very well worth while to be tormented for two or three years of one's life, for the sake of being able to read all the rest of it. Consider - if reading had not been taught, Mrs. Radcliffe would have written in vain - or perhaps might not have written at all.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|I've always liked Anna, but according to my mother, her family is complete New Money, and my grandmother has pointed out on several occasions that they're not even really Southern.
Marcus Aurelius|It takes strength to make your way through grief, to grab hold of life and let it pull you forward.
Frederick the Great, Anti-Machiavel|It is enough", this malicious man tells us, "to extinguish the line of the defeated prince." Can one read this without quivering in horror and indignation?
Cameron Diaz|I didn't know my dad for a long time. My dad was on drugs and my dad was at the VA Hospital, my dad was off in his own world selling drugs or using them or there would be crack heads in the house or whatever it would be.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Tigers and Women ! Tigers and women have something in common, it is their disposition; they must be treated majestically.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Kourtney Kardashian|When my younger sisters were born, I was in high school and college. I was at my mom's all the time but never changed them or fed them.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one's own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others. One is straight-forward.
Jim Brown|The things that have always been important: to be a good man, to try to live my life the way God would have me, to turn it over to Him that His will might be worked in my life, to do my work without looking back, to give it all I've got, and to take pride in my work as an honest performer.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Any object, intensely regarded, may be a gate of access to the incorruptible eon of the gods.
Story Musgrave|It is my hope that as we commemorate Black History Month in the future, we will continue to celebrate the many achievements and rich culture of African-Americans.
Heather Lynn Rigaud, Fitzwilliam Darcy, Rock Star|The forest is only waiting for their signal to start trembling, hissing, and roaring from its depths. An enormous, love-maddened, unlighted railway station, full to bursting. Whole trees bristling with living noise makers, mutilated erections, horror.
Catherine Marie Bergman, Autobiography of My Guardian Angel: Divine Words From Above to be Read by Humankind|To know your true value in a state brings forth good intentions and value into that which is Now for you. And this is an honest way to live - healthy, wealthy, well-being, all day every and day. So be it. A good sentence to state is: I am healthy, wealthy, well-being.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|It's better to move on now and feel a pinch, than hold on and later treat a wound
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Getting fit is all about mind over matter. I don't mind, so it doesn't matter.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte|On the appointed day -- I think it was the next day, but no matter -- Traddles and I repaired to the prison where Mr. Creakle was powerful. It was an immense and solid building, erected at a vast expense. I could not help thinking, as we approached the gate, what an uproar would have been made in the country, if any deluded man had proposed to spend one half the money it had cost, on the erection of an industrial school for the young, or a house of refuge for the deserving old.
Kathyrn Stockett|I do not know by what power I think; but well I know that I should never have thought without the assistance of my senses. That there are immaterial and intelligent substances I do not at all doubt; but that it is impossible for God to communicate the faculty of thinking to matter, I doubt very much. I revere the Eternal Power, to which it would ill become me to prescribe bounds. I affirm nothing, and am contented to believe that many things are possible than are usually thought so".
Clint Eastwood|It's a philosophy of life. A practice. If you do this, something will change, what will change is that you will change, your life will change, and if you can change you, you can perhaps change the world.
Jorge Luis Borges, Seven Conversations with Jorge Luis Borges|We have a very precise image - an image at times shameless - of what we have lost, but we are ignorant of what may follow or replace it.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|I skipped the thirty-one years between 1938 and 1965 and jumped to the section entitled “Junitaki Today.” Of course, the book’s “today” being 1970, it was hardly today’s “today.” Still, writing the history of one town obviously imposed the necessity of bringing it up to a “today.” And even if such a today soon ceases to be today, no one can deny that it is in fact a today. For if a today ceased to be today, history could not exist as history.
Nadia Hasan, Waking the Wild|There is a defect in usas human beingsbecause we think ourselvesa fortress, a mountain, unbreakablebut at the centerin that stillness of beingthere is a chasmof lovewhich echoes hope, compassion, empathytry again, it saysand though the fault lines are full of darknesswe are held together bythe optimism and foolishness of a single spark
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|Do not postpone your problems, solve them now! Because tomorrow you might be weaker than today and there might arise additional problems! Unsheathe your sword now; forget tomorrow, time is now!
Janice Mirikitani|The poet is a light and winged and holy thing, and there is no invention in him until he has been inspired and is out of his sneses, and the mind is no longer in him.
Susan C. Young|Self-confident people are proud of their accomplishments, but can remain humble without bragging.
Tilicia Haridat|Yea I may come across as blunt, but I will say the truth even if its bitter, that's just me. You either hate me for it or respect me for it.
Kimberly A. Rainville, Pudge Learns to Meditate: A Guide for Getting Young Minds Mindful, Happy and at Peace|Breathing towards a more peaceful day" Pudge xo
Saint Basil|You accept that this civilisation could be abolished and life will begin later on after a few thousand years because that is something that has happened in the history of this planet. When you have peace in yourself and accept, then you are calm enough to do something, but if you are carried by despair there is no hope.
Shannon L. Alder|There are only two ways to live your life. One as if all that matters is to have someone love and accept you. The other is as though loving and accepting another person is all that matters. Often, when you choose the second you get the first.
Daniel Grayson|You're going to get a present from me so you'll always remember our agreement."She gave him a crooked smile and climbed on to the bed and knelt between his legs. Bjurman had no idea what she intended to do, but he felt a sudden terror.Then he saw the needle in her hand.He flopped his head back and forth and tried to twist his body away until she put a knee on his crotch and pressed down in warning."Lie rather still because this is the first time I've used this equipment.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|Something in me snaps. Since I woke in the alley I've been pushed down, feared and prosecuted for things out of my control. Well, enough is enough.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Ankh-Morpork is a godless city--''I thought it had more than three hundred places of worship?' said Maladict. city', he recovered.
Marina Keegan|I talked a lot in my car. Thousands of words and songs and swears are absorbed in its fabric, just like the orange juice I spilled on my way to the dentist. It knows what happened, when Allie went to Puerto Rico, understands the difference between the way I look at Nick and the way I look at Adam, and remembers the first time I experimented with talking to myself.
Terry A. O'Neal|To my fellow writers' I say, 'Write. Build an imaginary world like nobody's watching.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|We call them survivors, but once the vampires get you, the person you were dies, like any traumatized part of you never leaves that room, that car, that moment, and you walk forward a ghost of your former self. You rebuild yourself over the years, but the person you were isn’t the person you become. The great bad thing happens, and you become a ghost in your own life, and then you become flesh and blood and remake your life, but the ghosts of what happened don’t go away completely. They wait for you in low moments, and then they wail at you, shaking their chains in your face and trying to strangle you with them.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Beware Stephen! There will probably be a magical combat of some sort. I daresay I shall have to take on different forms – cockatrice, raw head and bloody bones, rains of fire, etc., etc. You may wish to stand back a little!
Jacques Yves Cousteau|I may be what my enemies desire me to be, yet never an accusation are they able to hurl against me which makes me blush or lower my forehead; and I hope that God will be merciful enough with me, to prevent me from committing one of those faults which would involve my family.
Robert Green Ingersoll|Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths, and encourage the arts and commerce.
Nathan Deal|Flying back from New York, the flight attendant said 'God, I wished you were here yesterday, we had a stroke on the plane. I said, if I have a stroke on a plane, I hope the pretend doctor isn't the one on the plane. I want a real doctor.
Robert Huber|Tennis and golf are best played, not watched.
Paul A. Myers, Vienna 1934: Betrayal at the Ballplatz|You'd think the sight of beautiful Place Vendôme would lift my spirits but oddly the arc of jewellery - so obviously beyond the means of a jobless person like me - only depresses me more. I plod on feeling confused, guilty even, that I should feel unhappy in a place that looks like paradise.
Brittany Burgunder, Safety in Numbers: From 56 to 221 Pounds, My Battle with Eating Disorders|Life works in mysterious ways, and I believe one of the biggest challenges and successes is to let go and let it be.
Jean Lorrain|That is why it could happen anywhere, given the right ingredients: particular people in government, competing with others- or with each other- over natural and wealth-creating resources.
Tim Schafer|Design, if it is to be ecologically responsible and socially responsive, must be revolutionary and radical.
Jacob M. Appel, The Man Who Wouldn't Stand Up|Nixon’s offences had been so long in the past, so much part of a different era that he now seemed like some lovable but bigoted uncle you tolerated at Christmas and Thanksgiving.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|He's like a drug for you, Bella." His voice was still gentle, not at all critical. "I see that you can't live without him now. It's too late. but I would have been healthier for you. Not a drug; I would have been the air, the sun."The corner of my mouth turned up in a wistful half-smile. "I used to think of you that way, you know. Like the sun. My personal sun. You balanced out the clouds nicely for me." He sighed. "The clouds I can handle. But I can't fight with an eclipse.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|How strange was the relation between parents and children! When they were small the parents doted on them, passed through agonies of apprehension at each childish ailment, and the children clung to their parents with love and adoration; a few years passed, the children grew up, and persons not of their kin were more important to their happiness than father or mother. Indifference displaced the blind and instinctive love of the past. Their meetings were a source of boredom and irritation. Distracted once at the thought of a month's separation they were able now to look forward with equanimity to being parted for years.
Nikki Rowe|Think about it, if we fed our passion the way we fed our fears, we would be achieving our dreams and making the most of our years.
Christy Pastore, Unscripted|Mike,” she said in her most seductive voice. “You know and I know that I want to get laid tonight. It’s been too long since I’ve been with a man. I’m interested in one room in this apartment and one room only.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
Patrick Rothfuss|There is one province in which, sooner or later, virtually everyone gets dealt a leading role--hero, heroine, or villain.... Unlike the slight implications of quotidian dilemmas that confront the average citizen in other areas of life ... the stakes in this realm could not be higher. For chances are that at some point along the line you will hold in your hands another person's heart. There is no greater responsibility on the planet. However you contend with this fragile organ, which pounds or seizes in accordance with your caprice, will take your full measure.
Richard Siken|A man walks into a bar and says: Take my wife–please. So you do. You take her out into the rain and you fall in love with her and she leaves you and you’re desolate.You’re on your back in your undershirt, a broken man on an ugly bedspread, staring at the water stains on the ceiling. And you can hear the man in the apartment above you taking off his shoes.You hear the first boot hit the floor and you’re looking up, you’re waiting because you thought it would follow, you thought there would be some logic, perhaps, something to pull it all together but here we are in the weeds again, here we arein the bowels of the thing: your world doesn’t make sense. And then the second boot falls. And then a third, a fourth, a fifth. A man walks into a bar and says: Take my wife–please. But you take him instead.You take him home, and you make him a cheese sandwich, and you try to get his shoes off, but he kicks you and he keeps kicking you. You swallow a bottle of sleeping pills but they don’t work. Boots continue to fall to the floor in the apartment above you.You go to work the next day pretending nothing happened. Your co-workers ask if everything’s okay and you tell them you’re just tired. And you’re trying to smile. And they’re trying to smile.A man walks into a bar, you this time, and says: Make it a double. A man walks into a bar, you this time, and says: Walk a mile in my shoes.A man walks into a convenience store, still you, saying: I only wanted something simple, something generic… But the clerk tells you to buy something or get out.A man takes his sadness down to the river and throws it in the river but then he’s still leftwith the river. A man takes his sadness and throws it away but then he’s still left with his hands.
Steve Pemberton, A Chance in the World: An Orphan Boy, a Mysterious Past, and How He Found a Place Called Home|What makes a family is neither the absence of tragedy nor the ability to hide from misfortune, but the courage to overcome it and, from that broken past, write a new beginning.
J. Limbu|Everyone has a thousand wishes before a tragedy, but just one afterward.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|When jurists and business men assert that the depreciation of money has a very great influence on all kinds of debt relations, that it makes all kinds of business more difficult, or even impossible, that it invariably leads to consequences that nobody desires and that everybody feels to be unjust, we naturally agree with them. In a social order that is entirely founded on the use of money and in which all accounting is done in terms of money, the destruction of the monetary system means nothing less than the destruction of the basis of all exchange. Nevertheless, this evil cannot be counteracted by ad hoc laws designed to remove the burden of the depreciation from single persons, or groups of persons, or classes of the community,
Alison Bechdel, Fun Home: A Family Tragicomic|You will fall in love with train rides, and sooner or later you willrealize that nowhere seems like home anymore.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|So it's true what they say about warlocks, 
Julie-Anne|Do not be too sure, young fellows,That you are better than your ancestors.
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|If there are weeds in my garden, I have a problem. But it does not lead me to question the existence of lettuce.
Gayle Ann Williams, Tsunami Blue|I don't think you need anything to wear, Blue. In fact, given what I've seen, I'd prefer it that way.
Mark E. Smith, Renegade|I knew it was coming. I knew they didn't have the nerve.Three days in and they've got faces like vexed tomatoes, their skins flaking sci-fi style: burnt to fuck. They were an embarrassment; not only to me and the wife and The Fall fans but to their own generation.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Dad" I pleaded, "this is so [cuss word you never, ever say in front of your mother] ridiculous.
Kathryn Michaels, Crazy for Milk|Have some carrots. They're good for your eyes.""Then you have some fries. They're good for your... I don't know. They're just good.
Rick Yancey|With an enemy like that, who needs friends?
Minae Mizumura, Inheritance from Mother|In years past, a person died, and eventually all those with memories of him or her also died, bringing about the complete erasure of that person's existence. Just as the human body returned to dust, mingling with atoms of the natural world, a person's existence would return to nothingness.How very clean.Now, as if in belated punishment for the invention of writing, any message once posted on the Internet was immortal. Words as numerous as the dust of the earth would linger forever in their millions and trillions and quadrillions and beyond.
Lionel Suggs|We all have different paths in life. As in purpose, so is happiness. As our purposes differ, so do our roads to happiness differ, though we may have common grounds.
Peter R. Pouncey, Rules for Old Men Waiting|Bereavement seemed to work on him as a kind of blanket allergy, making him edgy and irritable to all the outside world. And of course it was reciprocal; the world receded on him.
Kate DiCamillo, Despereaux = Tale of Despereaux|There are those hearts, reader, that never mend again once they are broken. Or if they do mend, they heal themselves in a crooked and lopsided way, as if sewn together by a careless craftsman. Such was the fate of Chiaroscuro. His heart was broken. Picking up the spoon and placing it on his head, speaking of revenge, these things helped him to put his heart together again. But it was, alas, put together wrong.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|There are very few friends that will lie down with you on empty streets in the middle of the night, without a word. No questions, no asking why, just quietly lay there with you, observing the stars, until you're ready to get back up on your feet again and walk the last bit home, softly holding your hand as a quiet way of saying “I'm here”.It was a beautiful night.
Hank Bracker|Cuba has nine official National Public HolidaysJanuary 1st - Liberation Day & New Year’s Liberation Day is also called “Triunfo de la Revolucion.” This day celebrates the removal of dictator Batista from power and the start of Fidel Castro’s power.January 2nd - Victory of the Armed Forces A holiday commemorating its revolution’s history. Good Friday Good Friday became a national holiday following the visit of Pope Benedict XVI. The first Good Friday recognized as a holiday was in 2014, according to Granma, the Official Body Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba. May 1st - International Labour Day Called “Dia de los Trabajadores,” Havana-Guide.com noted there are many celebrations this holiday, including “speeches on the ‘Plaza de la Revolucion’ celebrating the work force and the Communist party.”July 25th till 27th - Commemmoration of the Assault to Moncada/National Rebellion Day This three-day long holiday remembers the 1953 capture and exile of Fidel Castro, according to VisitarCuba. This happened near Santiago in the Moncada army barracks. This week is also celebrated with carnivals in Santiago as the saint day of St. James (Santiago).October 19th - Independence Day, “Dia de la Independencia” Independence Day celebrates the early independence of Cuba in 1868, when Carlos Manuel Cespedes freed his slaves and began the War of Independence against Spain, according to Travel Cuba. December 25, 2017 - Christmas, “Natividad” Christmas has only recently been re-established as a holiday due to Pope John Paul’s visit in 1998.
Tommy Tenney, Os Caçadores de Deus|Seu plano é alcançar os perdidos e, se Ele não poupou Seu único Filho para salvá-los, não nos poupará também.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|​In this World, there is One Task, that 'Only You' can Do. Only You, Can Keep Your Word.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and knows that love is as strong as death, and be on my side forever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|After another long silence, bit by bit, realisation dawned upon Edmund and he became even paler than Hecate herself which was, in itself, a fantastic achievement. Adele Rose, Awakening.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|When you give meaning to even the most meaningless of things around you, you will always stand to be taught something new, have what you already know reinforced, or be reminded of what you've forgotten.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|He was there below me, and, upon my word, to look at him was as edifying as seeing a dog in a parody of breeches and a featherhat, walking on his hind legs.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Don't give it to them all at once, make them work for it. Confuse them with detail, leave things out, go back on your tracks. Be testy, be cussed, be difficult. Drink like a fish; don't give way on the ideology, they won't trust that. They want to deal with a man they've bought; they want the clash of opposites, Alec, not some half-cock convert.
T.S. Eliot, The Rock|On the sea he wished to meet it, if meet it he must. He was not sure why this was, yet he had a terror of meeting the thing again on dry land. Out of the sea there rise storms and monsters, but no evil powers: evil is of earth. And there is no sea, no running of river or spring, in the dark land where once Ged had gone. Death is the dry place.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|I knew I could do it all this time,” said Harry, “Because I'd already done it... does that make sense?
Christian Louboutin|People can inhabit anything. And they can be miserable in anything and ecstatic in anything. More and more I think that architecture has nothing to do with it. Of course, that's both liberating and alarming.
Leonard Nimoy, Shekhina|The GatheringAccording to the Kabbalah, in the beginning everything was God. When God contracted to make room for creation, spiritual energy filled the void. The energy poured into vessels which strained to hold the great power. The vessels shattered, sending countless shards, bits of the glowing matter, into the vastness of the universe.These scattered bits of divine light must be collected. When the task is done the forces of the dark will be vanquished and the world will be healed.
Serena Williams|My family kinda hit the skids. We were experiencing poverty at that point. We all got a job, where the whole family had to work as security guards and janitors. And I just got angry.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!
Debasish Mridha|A writer tries to express those thoughts, which are inexpressible, with beauty and love.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|I was enjoying myself now. I had taken two finger bowls of champagne and the scene had changed before my eyes into something significant, elemental and profound.
Rod Stewart|For me, the backdrop of half the experiences of life includes music.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing: and Other Reflections|Failure, they say, is a growth experience; you learn from failure. I wish that were true. It seems to me the main thing you learn from failure is that it's entirely possible you will have another failure.
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|I think she is marvelous. She is untouched by politics, unmarred and untainted. She is absolutely, brilliantly humble. Honest, hardworking. And it would be my honor that she accept to be my wife. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a country to govern and a woman to woo.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In one bold stroke, forgiveness obliterates the past and permits us to enter the land of new beginnings.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|Am I making something worth while?I’m not sure.I write and I sing and I hear words from time to time about my life and choices making ways, into other lives, other hearts,but am I making something worth while?I’m not sure.There was a boy last night who I never spoke to because I was too drunk and still shy, but mostly lonely, and I couldn’t find anything lightly to say,so I simply walked awaybut still wondered what he did with his lifebecause he didn’t even speak to meor look at mebut still made me wonder who he wasand I walked away askingAm I making something worth while?I am not sure.I am a complicated person with a simple lifeand I am the reason for everything that ever happened to me.
Angelica Hopes|But I cannot love her as I did, because she is not open, because she withholds what matters, because she makes me, with her pride or her madness, live a lie.
Adam Gopnik|We are delightfully trapped by our memories. I can't drink a bottle of Chateauneuf-du-Pape Vieux Telegraphe without revisiting a hotel bistro in Luzerne, Switzerland, where I ate a large bowl of a peppery Basque baby goat stew. A sip and a bite. A bite and sip. Goose bumps come with the divine conjunction of food and wine.
Robert Baden-Powell|Perfect happiness is a beautiful sunset, the giggle of a grandchild, the first snowfall. It's the little things that make happy moments, not the grand events. Joy comes in sips, not gulps.
Bruce Charlton, The Genius Famine: Why we need geniuses, why they're dying out, and why we must rescue them|Genius has now all-but disappeared from public view; partly because intelligence (which is strongly genetic) is in decline in the West, partly because social institutions no longer recognize or nurture genius, and partly because the modern West is actively hostile to genius.
Cat Clarke, The Pants Project|This was what was wrong with me. All this time I had been trying to figure out the secrets of the universe, the secrets of my own body, of my own heart. All of the answers had always been so close and yet I had always fought them without even knowing it. From the minute I'd met Dante, I had fallen in love with him. I just didn't let myself know it, think it, feel it. My father was right. And it was true what my mother said. We all fight our own private wars.
Vironika Tugaleva|The more you've struggled, the more inspiring your story will be when you come out the other side. Do not give up. Today's struggle brings tomorrow's wisdom.
Amit Chaudhuri, Friend of My Youth|When i get into the best college in America, he is cutting radishes for dinner. I have just found out ten minutes ago. I am elated. He puts down the knife to shake my hand and then goes back to cutting radishes.
John Warwick Montgomery, Situation Ethics|We learn that there are in creation, Beings - perhaps very numerous - both good and evil.
Steve Maraboli|One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
Ted Hughes|He could not stand. It was notThat he could not thrive, he was bornWith everything but the will –That can be deformed, just like a limb.Death was more interesting to him.Life could not get his attention.
Hans Küng|Everyone agrees the celibacy rule is just a Church law dating from the 11th century, not a divine command.
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|In the end he read everything that came his way, and he did not have a favorite author but rather many who had been favorites at different times.
Carolyn Drake, "Pill Pusher" Songs of my Selfie|Good thing we weren't here when this happened," Fred added. "We'd be pancakes - DEAD ones!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The strength of human instinct seems to be quite overrated as it is so feeble it requires a lifetime of guidance, education, training and practical experience to develop. More critically, without conscious and diligent effort across one generation to pass its knowledge on to the next generation, all that was gained will be lost, forewarned by an increasing rarity of the reminiscence, “Every secret of life I know, I learned at my grandfather’s knee.
Donna Jo Napoli, Bound|Secrets are like plants. They can stay buried deep in the earth for a long time, but eventually they'll send up shoots and give themselves away. They have to. It's their nature. Just a tiny green stem at first. Which slowly, insidiously grows taller, stronger, unfolding itself, until there it is. A big fat secret, right in front of your face; a fully bloomed flower perfumed with the scent of deception.
Fay Weldon|I am thankful that sacrifice is non-negotiable, and that counting the cost in giving to another is foolishly assuming that we can put a price on sacrifice.
Anais Nin|Elizabeth Keckley was a woman of remarkable strength, courage, perseverance, and dignity. She was exceptionally talented, but also very diligent and ambitious, and together those qualities enabled her to deliver herself from slavery and become a successful businesswoman.
Leslie Marmon Silko, Ceremony|He made a story for all of them, a story to give them strength. The words of the story poured out of his mouth as if they had substance, pebbles and stone extending to hold the corporal up...knees from buckling...hands from letting go of the blanket.
Alin Sav|An idea that does not take some risks, is probably an idea not worth taking.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|Reading is of course dry work, and further refreshment was called for and consumed.
Mary Karr, Lit|If you live in the dark a long time and the sun comes out, you do not cross into it whistling. There's an initial uprush of relief at first, then-for me, anyway- a profound dislocation. My old assumptions about how the world works are buried, yet my new ones aren't yet operational.There's been a death of sorts, but without a few days in hell, no resurrection is possible.
Mike Myers|At the time, 1980, people regarded actresses involved with production with a certain amount of fear, resentment and anger.
Emma Thompson|Discover everything about your characters that you can before you write your story. If you get stuck at any point, they will write your dialog for you.
Tony Williams, The Pox and the Covenant: Mather, Franklin, and the Epidemic That Changed America's Destiny|It is not improbable that in hot countries, monkeys may have enslaved girls.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And this was what we felt: vertigo, an icicle through our strong hearts, our long-lost childhoods. Sunshine in a field and crickets and the sweet tealeaf stink of a new ball mitt and a rock glinting with mica and a chaw of bubblegum wrapping its sweet tendrils down our throats and the warm breeze up our shorts and the low vibrato of lake loons and the sun and the sun and the warm sun and this is what we felt; the sun.
Donna Lynn Hope|Are you always so cynical?' said Angelica.'No,' said Katherine. 'Sometimes I'm asleep.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|She sat in a secluded room, she was mad, but she could not accept it; so she was neither sane nor insane. She could not be either until she knew herself, so in limbo she must die. She kept stuffing toilet roll into her mouth. They found her choked to death!
Nick Hahn|In its essence, Martin Luther King Jr.’s ‘I Have a Dream’ speech is one citizen’s soul-searing plea with his countrymen––Whites and Blacks––to recognize that racial disparities fueled by unwarranted bigotry were crippling America’s ability to shine as a true beacon of democracy in a world filled with people groping their way through suffocating shadows of political turmoil, economic oppression, military mayhem, starvation, and disease.
Ruth Ozeki|A duped newspaper or magazine could contend that a fiction-spouting journalist obtained part of his salary via fraud, and use a criminal proceeding to try and recoup that money. Given the profession's notoriously low wages, however, it's probably not worth the publicity headache and legal fees. No news organization has ever pursued such a case.
Gertrude Stein|Cooking and gardening involve so many disciplines: math, chemistry, reading, history.
George Carlin|I am" is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that "I do" is the longest sentence?
P.G. Wodehouse, Plum Pie|She gave me another of those long keen looks, and I could see that she was again asking herself if her favourite nephew wasn't steeped to the tonsils in the juice of the grape.
Palladas|I don't understand, then, why, in the midst of all this, pregnant women - women trying to make rational decisions about their futures and, usually, that of their families, too - should be subject to more pressure about preserving life than, say, Vladimir Putin, the World Bank, or the Catholic Church.
Michael Levy|☺☺ When a man gets you 99, he starts to think, he may only have another 10 years of sexy lovemaking left... Still Smiling At 99. ☺☺
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|Whenever a word ''nigga'' is spoken, It's always followed by the same question, Can white people say nigger ?and the correct answer is Not really.
Bill Bryson, Made in America: An Informal History of the English Language in the United States|A native tongue, in my opinion, isn't the language spoken where you were born or the first language you learned; it's a language that makes you feel at home. It's a language that you don't command, but that commands you. And without it, you'd feel lost, unsure of how to express to the world everything you care enough to express.
Kenneth Eade, PALADINE|Some men and women aren't looking for money. They can't be bought, bullied, reasoned, or negotiated with. They simply want to watch the world burn.Michael Caine’s character ‘Alfred’ in the Batman movie, “The Dark Knight
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|The desire to procreate, in some, is so strong that it creates a sort of tunnel vision in the afflicted. One can’t see beyond trying to make a baby, and they never stop to think about what it will really be like once said baby has in fact, arrived.
Khushwant Singh, I Shall Not Hear the Nightingale|To know India and her peoples, one has to know the monsoon. one has to know the monsoon. It is not enough to read about it in books, or see it on the cinema screen, or hear someone talk about it. It has to be a personal experience because nothing short of living through it can fully convey all it means to a people for whom it is not only the source of life, but also their most exciting impact with nature.
Tere Liye, Ayahku (Bukan) Pembohong|Hidup harus terus berlanjut,tidak peduli seberapa menyakitkan atau membahagiakan, biar waktu yg menjadi obat
Laurence Overmire|Only in making peace - with ourselves, with others, and the world - will any of us find the life we are hoping for.
Lou Anders, Frostborn|You live and die in the batting of my eyes. You cast a wavering shadow over the snow for a day. I cast my shadow over empires across eons." - Orm Hinn Langi the Dragon
Sunday Adelaja|As long as you are focused on your own problems, you live and think as a self-centered man.
Jennifer Konner|We are in a position of financial and social power, and we could be agents of change in our society. Without pretension, I believe we could be a nice little gardener who takes care of the garden, and hopefully our neighbor will do the same. Then, maybe we'll achieve a better world.
Kate Avelynn, Flawed|Selfish as this sounds, I meant what I said earlier,” he finally says.I try to remember what he said, but everything is kind of a blur. “Which part?” “The ‘I’m glad you came tonight’ part.”So I’m not imagining the nudging or the sparks or what I could have sworn was his thumb tracing circles on the back of my hand while we walked to his car. “Mmm. Well in that case, I meant what I said, too.”He kicks a rock I’m two steps from tripping over out of my path. “You said the potholes in Leslie’s driveway suck.
Robin McKinley|One of the biggest, and possibly the biggest, obstacle to becoming a writer... is learning to live with the fact that the wonderful story in your head is infinitely better, truer, more moving, more fascinating, more perceptive, than anything you're going to manage to get down on paper. (And if you ever think otherwise, then you've turned into an arrogant self-satisfied prat, and should look for another job or another avocation or another weekend activity.) So you have to learn to live with the fact that you're never going to write well enough. Of course that's what keeps you trying -- trying as hard as you can -- which is a good thing.
Chris Mentillo|When I Find Myself in A Depressed State, I Try and Write to Feel Better. However, If Writing Doesn't Work, Then You Can Almost Always Catch Me Watching Cartoons on Television, Like Scooby-Dooby-Do or The Munster’s. Unfortunately, I Am Watching These Programs Nearly Every Day.
Haruki Murakami, Underground: The Tokyo Gas Attack and the Japanese Psyche|Since I'm a novelist I'm the opposite of you - I believe that what's most important is what cannot be measured. I'm not denying your way of thinking, but the greater part of people's lives consist of things that are unmeasurable, and trying to change all these to something measurable is realistically impossible.
Mark Twain|If a cat sits on a hot stove, that cat won't sit on a hot stove again. That cat won't sit on a cold stove either. That cat just don't like stoves.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|And so it is inevitable that the day has come when we write about privacy with such nostalgia, analysing it as we would some unearthed fossil of a creature our human eyes had never fallen on.
Robyn Carr, Virgin River|You know, when I looked into your eyes at the theater, I was stunned. Nothing like that has ever happened to me. And when I saw you in that gold dress, at the restaurant, I knew you were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. You were glowing. But right now, in my bed, naked and undone,” he paused, leaning forward to kiss me softly on the lips. “You are perfect. I never want you any other way.
James Corden|They're still advertising the added health-giving advantages of vitamins in your daily diet, although it has long since been shown that you'd be better off eating Smarties.
Arthur Koestler|For my part, I consider that it will be found much better by all parties to leave the past to history, especially as I propose to write that history myself.
Hubert H. Humphrey|Politics is the science of who gets what, when, and why.
Terry Pratchett|For her next birthday she'd asked for a telescope. Her mother had been alive then, and had suggested a pony, but her father had laughed and bought her a beautiful telescope, saying: "Of course she should watch the stars! Any girl who cannot identify the constellation of Orion just isn't paying attention!" And when she started asking him complicated questions, he took her along to lectures at the Royal Society, where it turned out that a nine-year-old girl who had blond hair and knew what the precession of the equinoxes was could ask hugely bearded famous scientists anything she liked. Who'd want a pony when you could have the whole universe?
Susie Smith|When life gives you lemons, forget the lemonade. Make a lemon chicken and a rich lemon cheesecake. Blame life for the extra pounds.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|I'll come back to you," I say. "I promise you, if it's the last thing I do, I'll come back to you."Her face is buried in my neck. She nods."I'll count the minutes until you do." she says.
Peter Eisenman|I think I'm too cynical for L.A. My sense of humor doesn't go down well here, which probably affects my love life. I need to have a laugh track following me around so people know I'm trying to be funny.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|She was wonderful; no mother could have been more wonderful. But ever after, she demanded that I should not forget it, nor cease to be grateful, nor hold an opinion different from her own, nor even, as I grew older, feel the need for any companionship but hers.
Vernon Howard|It is doubtless true that men are bad because they are unhappy. If anyone could give them real happiness, the happiness of brotherhood, they would all want to live the true and brotherly life.
Steve Vai|I remember, when I was an up-and-coming comic, how annoyed I would be when the famous guys would show up and just take everyone's spots.
Jason Carter Eaton, The Facttracker|If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive." -Mother Teresa
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|United you will be more than a match for your enemies. But if you quarrel and separate, your weakness will put you at the mercy of those who attack you.
Christopher Isherwood, Goodbye to Berlin|Nation has to be proud of itself to move forward.It should be clear that as long as India does not stand-up, there will be no peace in Asia.
Paul Sweeney|How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young? 
Peter Parham, The Immune System|We humans are the gods of this planet. And we also have created Superior Gods than us, to have a sense of security.
Malcolm X|If your enemy has the power to see into the future, make sure you are the author of that future.
Jesse Owens|We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Back there in the beginning, as I see now, my life was all time and almost no memory. Though I knew early of death, it still seemed to be something that happened only to other people, and I stood in an unending river of time that would go on making the same changes and the same returns forever.And now, nearing the end, I see that my life is almost entirely memory and very little time.
Paul Auster, Timbuktu|And if, as all philosophers on the subject have noted, art is a human activity that relies on the senses to reach the soul, did it not also stand to reason that dogs -- at least dogs of Mr. Bones' caliber -- would have it in them to feel a similar aesthetic impulse? Would they not, in other words, be able to appreciate art? As far as Willy knew, no one had ever thought of this before. Did that make him the first man in recorded history to believe such a thing was possible? No matter. It was an idea whose time had come. If dogs were beyond the pull of oil paintings and string quartets, who was to say they wouldn't respond to an art based on the sense of smell? Why not an olfactory art? Why not an art for dogs that dealt with the world as dogs knew it?
Shellie Palmer, Life in Color|Smile, laugh, spread a little joy in someone's life, it surely come back on you in a good way.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I love the people,' I said. 'I have room in me for love, and for ever so many little lives.
Rush Limbaugh|Happiness will come from materialism, not from meaning.
Lucy Grealy|At times I was desperate and could find no solace anywhere. Nothing seemed to work, and the weight of being trapped in my own body made it difficult to lift even a hand off the sheets.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Within the 24 hours, make some time for your own work.
|It really takes a wise person to understand that there is nothing shameful about constantly asking questions about the things that one is unfamiliar with. Moreover, you have to seek knowledge in order to gain knowledge.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Learn to uncrumple yourself, for life and people are always gung ho to crush you.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|Think outside the square. Think for yourself don't just follow the herd. Think multidisciplinary! Problems by definition, cross many academic disciplines.
Clarence Day Jr.|When a person has swum, traveled, run a lathe, planted flowers, ridden a motorcycle, made wine, painted a picture, parachuted, he has increased the fund from which he may draw for new figural developments. In other words, as the background of his experience becomes more diversified, it also becomes potentially more harmonious with a whole range of happenings.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|It’s all about balance. Balancing exercise, food, and life. No excesses.
Geoffrey Wood, The God Cookie|That’s where thinking started, where thinking stopped, where all her prayers so long ago had dried up. She no longer prayed, nor even dreamed of changing her father. Her dreams now played variations on the theme of escape. And they were nothing more than that —just dreams, just play. She’d been alone at the end of her dreams so many times before and never had God helped her escape her father, because God couldn’t, because she would never escape her need to love him.
Thea Harris, Pour the Oil|Virtue is bold, and goodness never fearful.
Barbara Ehrenreich|I chew my food, leaning back into the couch. “I loved him. That’s what dumb girls do.”“You aren’t dumb.”I try to hold back my smile. “I’m hanging out with you, aren’t I?
Fern Michaels, Secret Santa|She was so busy doing Christmas, there wasn't time to experience Christmas.
Amit Kalantri|If my 'mind' don't mind, I don't mind.
Bonnie Bassler|There's a magical energy and power from the ocean. I was born in a room overlooking the sea, in the middle of a storm. Perhaps, then, it's not surprising that shores touch my soul. Science might disagree, but I think there's a difference in the air on a coast - the positive ions, perhaps.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Hunter’s dead,” Taylor said without preamble. “It was these . . . these things. They came crawling up out of him and were eating him, oh God, I mean, it was like . . . I mean he was crying and Dekka prayed with him and he tried to fry his own brain just like he did with Harry only I guess it didn’t work, I guess he couldn’t do it, so Sam . . .” She swallowed. “Anyone have some water?”“What about Sam?” Astrid demanded.“He did it for him. Sam. I mean, he . . . Hunter was, you know . . . so Sam.” She pantomimed raising her hands, like Sam, like he would do when using his power.Astrid closed her eyes and crossed herself.“Rest in peace,” Edilio said and crossed himself as well.“Sam burned the boy?” Howard asked. Then, bitterly sarcastic said, “Yeah, you all pray to Jesus. Because Jesus is really providing a lot of help here. Sounds to me like Sam was the one doing what had to be done.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|The first and last weakness of his life, before him again. For a moment he felt himself blinded by his own memories; his own remembrances of the wits and wiles of Marian Halcombe that would steal into his thoughts; the sound of her laughter at his outrageous tales, the shadowed glance of distrust, the way her eyebrows would raise ever so slightly despite her resolution to seem disinterested in his foreign insights. She was the first woman he ventured to have complete equality in matching his tremendous cleverness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I am so glad; I had the opportunity to study at University of Jena, the city of light.
Uzoma Nnadi|When you get used to being let down, you will never be ashamed of failure.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|When we walk with knowledge in our present and wisdom from our past we are able to discern how to prepare for tomorrow". HS/el
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|His novel or book of poems, decent, adequate, arises not from an exercise of style or will, as the poor unfortunate believes, but as the result of an exercise of concealment. There must be many books, many lovely pines, to shield from hungry eyes the book that really matters, the wretched cave of our misfortune, the magic flower of winter!
Thomas Nagel, Mind and Cosmos: Why the Materialist Neo-Darwinian Conception of Nature Is Almost Certainly False|I am drawn to a fourth alternative, natural teleology, or teleological bias, as an account of the existence of the biological possibilities on which natural selection can operate. I believe that teleology is a naturalistic alternative that is distinct from all three of the other candidate explanations: chance, creationism, and directionless physical law. To avoid the mistake that White finds in the hypothesis of nonintentional bias, teleology would have to be restrictive in what it makes likely, but without depending on intentions or motives. This would probably have to involve some conception of an increase in value through the expanded possibilities provided by the higher forms of organization toward which nature tends: not just any outcome could qualify as a telos. That would make value an explanatory end, but not one that is realized through the purposes or intentions of an agent. Teleology means that in addition to physical law of the familiar kind, there are other laws of nature that are "biased toward the marvelous".
Dalai Lama|Time passed solely in the pursuit of pleasure leaves no solid enjoyment for the future; but from the hours you spend in reading and studying useful books, you will gather a golden harvest in future years.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.
Jerry Stahl, Perv - A Love Story|Still... I would have hugged my mother if we were the kind of family who hugged. If touching her weren't impossible. If her subnightie waft was not so utterly, fatally repulsive. That's how much I loved her.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Anyone can be a hero, even those who cannot!
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|To live in a culture in which women are routinely naked where men aren't is to learn inequality in little ways all day long. So even if we agree that sexual imagery is in fact a language, it is clearly one that is already heavily edited to protect men's sexual--and hence social--confidence while undermining that of women.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Choices are never right or wrong. Perhaps, the choice you made was the best choice under the given set of circumstances and at a given point of time. However, the rigidity in not moving ahead certainly isn't good. Life is all about learning a few lessons, and then moving on to the next till you find that much desired peace and happiness!
Bruno Schulz|The feeling of loathing had as yet no permanence or strength in the dog’s soul. The newly awakened joy of life transformed every sensation into a great joke, into gaiety. Nimrod kept on barking, but the tone of it had changed imperceptibly, had become a parody of what it had been - an attempt to express the incredible wonder of that capital enterprise, life, so full of unexpected encounters, pleasures, and thrills.
M.F. Moonzajer|Although Jobs later said that he was not plotting to take over Apple at the time, Ellison thought it was inevitable. " Anyone who spent more than a half hour with Amelio would realize that he couldn't do anything but self destruct," he later said
Katie Lynn Johnson, Amulet of Power|An elegant sari was draped across her figure; magnificent, painstakingly embroidered, and in a shade of deep red, it was even more lavish than the gowns she had worn every day since arriving at the castle. Her lips and eyes were painted, and though she looked beautiful she had never been more miserable.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|Valys also didn't think I was good enough for him. He made that clear every time he acted like a martyr forced to settle. But what he didn't understand was that if he thought I might not be good enough for him, he definitely wasn't good enough for me. I was well aware of my flaws, but I knew my merits, too; I shouldn't have to be anyone's second-best. Least of all, his.
Herbert Maurice Brunner|Live, but do not love, because love is simply a lie, only heartache waits in its wake.
Simon Hoggart|I want to go to Lapland and see Father Christmas, and now I've got a child, so I've got an excuse. Also, I'd like to go to South America especially as I'm now living in that part of the world, in L.A. now. And I must get down to Mexico.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|The staircase that was revealed was lit with a soft red glow.I feel like I'm walking down into a porn movie," V muttered as they took the steps with care.Wouldn't that require more black candles for you," Zsadist cracked.At the bottom of the landing, they looked left and right down a corridor carved out of stone, seeing row after row of...black candles with ruby color flames.I take that back," Z said, eyeing the display.We start hearing chick-a-wow-wow shit," V cut in, "can I start calling you Z-packed?"Not if you want to keep breathing.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|He knew himself well enough to know his own faults. Impatient and judgmental and stubborn and often too quick to act: he would try never to crush her, never to overwhelm her or bend her to his will, but if she did not demand only the best from him, it would happen. It might happen. Possibly.
Naguib Mahfouz, أفراح القبة|People who don't respect the time you spent with them, don't know they have lost the gift of good memories.
Arthur Schopenhauer|It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people.
Roxie Hibberd (Smith ) ME|There are so many wonderful places created in my mind simply from the books I have read, I have been transported to some unforgettable, magic places but there are so many more I wish to visit and so little time that I fear I never will.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Be a little puppet on their strings. That was what Reyn wanted from her, also. She recognized that even if he did not. He was attracted to her not just for her beauty and charm, but because she was young. He thought he could control all her actions and even her thoughts.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|Writing can be taught or learned in the vacuum. We must say to students in every area of knowledge: "This is a how other people have written about this subject. Read it; study it; think about it. You can do it too.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Sorrow comes with so many defense mechanisms. You have your shock, your denial, your getting wasted, your cracking jokes, and your religion. You also have the old standby catchall--the blind belief in fate, the whole "things happening for a reason" drill.But my personal favorite defense has always been anger, with its trusty offshoots of self-righteous indignation, bitterness, and resentment.
Peter Capaldi|My family know not to get me any tech for Christmas. I can never get it to work, and it all becomes very tearful and pressurised.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|It was not really Saturday night, at least it may have been, for they had long lost count of the days; but always if they wanted to do anything special they said this was Saturday night, and then they did it.
David Scheier|Naturally, this country can't stand truth.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|In any relationship, frequent usage of two words is very important. They can change the course of destiny. These words are – Thank You, and Sorry.
Ana M Frith|Everything comes to you when you ready. If it did not come to you then know that you not yet ready, build yourself to it. Ana Maria Frith, from: Limitless: Change Your Life
Billy Joel|Jesus is a half-naked guy, hanging, nailed to a cross, and then people wear that around their neck, and then those are the people that are upset about violence in movies.
Scott Edmund Miller|I hope you find your truth and when you do, you stand in the middle of it strong, beautiful and nimble like the World dancer. Because when the Fool followed her own path and trusted herself, she found herself in the World. And by the time she did, she was so high on the music-so enraptured by the dancing, so lost in the beauty, so in tune with herself, and so filled with magic-she didn't even realize she's arrived at her destination.
Stephen Ambrose|War creates many strange juxtapositions, perhaps none stranger than this: men who are doing their utmost to kill other men can transform in a split second into lifesavers. Soldiers who encounter a wounded man (often an enemy) become tender, caring angels of mercy. The urge to kill and the urge to save sometimes run together simultaneously.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|If you can't understand it without an explanation, you can't understand it with an explanation.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|JUST BECAUSE ANYONE CAN, DOESN'T MEAN EVERYONE SHOULD (Mrs. Peters to Conner Bailey)
Daniel H. Wilson, Robogenesis|It’s fall coming, I thought, I can smell that sour-molasses smell of silage, clanging the air like a bell – smell like somebody’s been burning oak leaves, left them to smolder overnight because they’re too green.
Faiz Triumph|i know for sure,to be a leader i have to be a good reader
Pietro Aretino|Religion is meant to teach us true spiritual human character. It is meant for self-transformation. It is meant to transform anxiety into peace, arrogance into humility, envy into compassion, to awaken the pure soul in man and his love for the Source, which is God.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Humankind has not learned about balance, let alone practiced it. It is guided by greed and ambition, steered by fear. In this way it will eventually destroy itself. But nature will survive; at least the plants will.
nikhita|Unhappy times are the best for levity. You don't light candles in the middle of the day, do you?
Alejandro Jodorowsky, Psicomagia|This is true freedom: to be capable of leaving ourselves, crossing the boundaries of our little world to open up the universe.
David W. Jones, The Enlightenment of Jesus: Practical Steps to Life Awake|Rose leaned against the bathroom door. Here it was — her real life, the truth of who she was, barreling down on her like a bus with bad brakes. Here was the truth — she wasn’t the kind of person Jim could fall in love with. She wasn’t what she’d made herself out to be — a cheerful, uncomplicated girl, a normal girl with a happy, orderly life, a girl who wore pretty shoes and had nothing more pressing on her mind that whether ER was a rerun this week. The truth was in the exercise tape she didn’t have time to unwrap, let alone exercise to; the truth was her hairy legs and ugly underwear. Most of all, the truth was her sister, her gorgeous, messed-up, fantastically unhappy and astoundingly irresponsible sister.
J.C. Ryle, John (Expository Thoughts on the Gospels): Vol. 1|Christ's death is the Christian's life. Christ's cross is the Christian's title to heaven. Christ "lifted up" and put to shame on Calvary is the ladder by which Christians "enter into the holiest," and are at length landed in glory.
William Carlos Williams|For the beginning is assuredlythe end- since we know nothing, pureand simple, beyondour own complexities.
Reggie Jackson|When great changes occur in history, when great principles are involved, as a rule the majority are wrong.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|In the morning, as we're enjoying a shower together, Cash asks Mikey how long he's been working here."Since I was fourteen.""How OLD are you now?""Eighteen.""Nice. Are there any other hot guys working here besides you?""I'm not a prostitute. I'm a ranch hand.""Sorry- I didn't mean-" "It's okay."As they kiss and make up, I inform Cash that I was Mikey's first."Really?" Cash laughed. "You were?""Yeah-" Mikey answered. "He was.""I was his birthday present last month..."Cash laughed, "How much did that set you back-?
Unarine Ramaru|When it comes to our own well being, it is not a matter of doing the math, it is a matter of choosing the formula. When you add up the numbers, keep the primary factors in mind. Then multiply all sums by a positive outlook. The numbers will inevitably change and so will any undesirable equivalence. The math is merely the meter for the moment in an ever changing flux of the dynamic human equation.
Amy Reed, Clean|Some of us have great runways already built for us. If you have one, take off. But if you don't have one, realize it is your responsibility to grab a shovel and build one for yourself and for those who will follow after you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Reality and fantasy are not two separate spheres but one whole. They are like a world's atmosphere―reality behaving as a low front, fantasy a high front. Each remains somewhat distinguishable and yet they swirl and join, affecting and manipulating the other. One cannot perceive where reality ends and fantasy begins, but life would grow stagnant and die without the influence of both.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|When they are gay, the waves echo their gaiety; but when they are sad, then every breaker, as it rolls, seems to bring additional sadness, and to speak to us of hopelessness and of the pettiness of all our joys.
Roland Barthes, Empire of Signs|In this manner , we are told, the system of the imaginary is spread circularly, by detours and returns the length of an empty subject.
Alexandra Paul|Like I said, I'm more worried long term about the environmental issues then the use of arms.
David Sanborn|From now until the end of time no one else will ever see life with my eyes, and I mean to make the best of my chance.
Meghan O'Rourke|the loss is transformative, in good ways and bad, a tangle of change that cannot be threaded into the usual narrative spools...It's not an emergence from the cocoon, but a tree growing around an obstruction.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|All this electromagnetic pollution in the air from the Internet and cell phones, it cuts you off from God.
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|Why do people often feel bad in good environments and good in bad environments? Why did Mother Teresa think that affluent Westerners often seemed poorer than the Calcutta poor, the poorest of the poor? The paradox comes to pass because the impoverishments and enrichments of a self in a world are not necessarily the same as the impoverishments and enrichments of an organism in an environment.
Virginia Alison|I found that I couldn't muster any belief in a literal heaven or hell, anyway. I thought the best we could all do was to look after one another and clean up the various hells we've made right here on earth.
Honoré de Balzac|For Bonhoeffer, the relationship with God ordered everything else around it. A number of times he referred to the relationship with Jesus Christ as being like the cantus firmus of a piece of music. All the other parts of the music referred to it, and it held them together. To be true to God in the deepest way meant having such a relationship with him that one did not live legalistically by "rules" or "principles." One could never separate one's actions from one's relationship to God. It was a more demanding and more mature level of obedience, and Bonhoeffer had come to see that the evil of Hitler was forcing Christians to go deeper in their obedience, to think harder about what God was asking. Legalistic religion was being shown to be utterly inadequate.
Jenni Fagan, The Sunlight Pilgrims|Socialism, or communism as it is sometimes called, is merely a secular religion, where the State becomes a god.
Rachael Wade, Repossession|It was two years ago that I first met Yuki. I remember that painfully thin figure covered in dirt: malnourished, exhausted and carrying a sleeping child in his arms like it's the most precious thing in the world.
Christina L. Barr, Almost Alive|Ohhhhhhh,” she groaned, jerking up from the reclining seat as the tears exploded. She felt as devastated as if she were still in the body of the grizzled fighting man. Convulsing sobs of remorse tortured her energy body and she rocked it like a baby, holding her midsection, feeling as if her stomach would turn inside out. She struggled to speak, gulping in habit for air that didn’t exist, which would have been useless to her energy lungs anyway.She had to know. “Who? Who…was…he?” she managed in spurts. “The boy—”“You know the answer already, don’t you?” Coriskancsia replied gently.
C. J Daugherty|Fiction with its big question of 'what if?' is one of the most powerful forces in the world. Once upon a time, the ability to light a fire was fictitious.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t be too rigid, always be ready and eager to make new discoveries
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews|...but doth not the person who expends vast sums in the furniture of his house or the ornaments of his person, who consumes much time and employs great pains in dressing himself, or who thinks himself paid for self-denial, labour, or even villany, by a title or a ribbon, sacrifice as much to vanity as the poor wit who is desirous to read you his poem or his play?
Brian Solisli|Followers, followers. Sometimes, with some things, it’s best to keep your tally down.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|He'd turned away from a life on basic to live in the stars, or if not the stars, at least the rocks that floated free in the night sky.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't show your inferiority by climbing a stunted tree, show your superiority by climbing the longest and crooked one.
Liev Schreiber|The politicians were talking themselves red, white and blue in the face.
Beth Ditto|For many women, going back to work a few months after having a baby is overwhelming and unmanageable. As strange as it may seem, things get even more difficult for a working mom after the second and third baby arrive. By that time, the romance of being a modern 'superwoman' wears off and reality sets in.
Stephanie Lahart|There’s a destructive power in unforgiveness and unforgiveness controls you in a negative way. It’s time to let it all go! You become strong when you genuinely forgive. You become empowered when you genuinely forgive. You gain back your inner peace when you genuinely forgive. You release stress, bitterness, and anger when you genuinely forgive. But most importantly, you’re able to live your best life when you genuinely forgive. Give yourself permission to live life free of toxic thoughts, feelings, and energy. Forgive!
Carol Burnett|Just telling the facts are no longer enough. You now have to be persuasive, charismatic, interesting, and funny. Just telling people things isn't enough anymore.
Washington Gladden|Perhaps I really was disillusioned; unable to see myself for who, and what, I really was. Maybe I really was an ungrateful wretch who just refused to take responsibility for my own actions. Maybe I was lying to myself because I didn’t want to admit to being a bad person. Maybe…
Anton Chekhov|History consists, for the greater part, of the miseries brought upon the world by pride, ambition, avarice, revenge, lust, sedition, hypocrisy, ungoverned zeal, and all the train of disorderly appetites, which shake the public with the same 	 —“troublous storms that tossThe private state, and render life unsweet.”These vices are the causes of those storms. Religion, morals, laws, prerogatives, privileges, liberties, rights of men, are the pretexts.
Jean-Claude Van Damme|When you think about it, we actors are kind of prostitutes. We get paid to feign attraction and love. Other people are paying to watch us kissing someone, touching someone, doing things people in a normal monogamous relationship would never do with anyone who's not their partner. It's really kind of gross.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|Like some homeopathic cure, our very sense of imprisonment can be a step toward liberation. We need not rebel against our temporally determined roles. Merely to recognize them is to limit their power over us. The liberation implied by such awareness is threefold. To understand one’s own temporal determinism is to establish, above and beyond what one says and does, an analytic posture toward the present as history; it is to achieve, amid the earnest vanities of contemporary society, an easing humility; it is to mark off, as territory precious and imperiled, the moments and pursuits that are left to our choice.
Aussiescribbler, How to be Free|The door to heaven is open to us at any time we are willing to accept that we are of absolutely no importance. The bars of our own hell - the “mind-forged manacles” as Blake put it - are our attempts to justify ourselves or prove our self-worth. Accept that none of this matters and we can see that heaven is all around us. It is there in a child’s smile, in the rain that waters the earth, even in the maggots that rise in new life from dead meat. All around us is evidence that life and love are eternal and unbroken by strife and suffering.
Nas|President Obama's record on national security is a tribute to his strength, and judgment, and to his preference for inclusion and partnership over partisanship.
Christina Harlin, Possessed|There’s a little angel on one of my shoulders saying that this is a wicked thing to do. Then there’s a little devil on my other shoulder, and she looks a lot like you.
Zoë Marriott|I truly believe that if you have more friends than books, you have too many friends. Or not enough books. Probably both.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|We are, in fact, a nation of evangelists; every third American devotes himself to improving and lifting up his fellow-citizens, usually by force; the messianic delusion is our national disease.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|That dog is a wolf, is he not?''Aye, well, mostly.'A small flash of hazel told him not to quibble.'And yet he is thy boon companion, a creature of rare courage and affection, and altogether a worthy being?;'Oh, aye,' he said with more confidence. 'He is."She gave him an even look.'Thee is a wolf, too, and I know it. But thee is my wolf, and best thee know that.'He'd started to burn when she spoke, an ignition swift and fierce as the lighting of one of his cousin's matches. He put out his hand, palm forward, to her, still cautious lest she too, burst into flame.'What I said to ye, before . . . that I kent ye loved me-'She stepped forward and pressed her palm to his, her small, cool fingers linking tight.'What I say to thee now is that I do love thee. And if thee hunts at night, thee will come home.'Under the sycamore, the dog yawned and laid his muzzle on his paws.'And sleep at they feet,' Ian whispered, and gathered her in with his one good arm, both of them blazing bright as day.
May Sarton, Plant Dreaming Deep|He thought the library door would never open again, but that he would be left to live out the rest of his life rooted to the spot on the library carpet, afraid to move a muscle lest the house fall upon his shoulders. He deliberately shrugged them and shuffled his feel just to prove to himself that it could be done.
Ray A., Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety|Everyone has a breaking point. Deny it, and you'll blind yourself to know when you've reached yours.
J.L. Vallance, Madness|The guy in your book? I’m that guy,”“I’ve never done any of the stuff in that book,” she said, “But I want to. I’ve wanted to for a while.
Hugh Hewitt|Paraphrasing Plato's Republic: "Only people who have allowed themselves to be reformed by reality have it in themselves to reform their polis for the better.
Zoe Sugg|My personal fascination with the power of the crowd has been growing: Exactly what can a 'crowd' accomplish? We know crowds can raise billions of dollars, create Wikipedia, and even design and build small autonomous drones. But how about something large and complex like designing a new car, and maybe someday even a spaceship?
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|For you will certainly carry out God's purpose, however you act, but it makes a difference to you whether you serve like Judas or like John.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|I saw a painting once where the artist had actually done that--signed his work in blood. ... When I saw that, I thought it was as if the man who had painted the picture wanted to say to me, Well, you did ask what this actually cost.
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|Old people, who have felt blows and toil and known the world's hard hand, need, even more than children do, a woman's tenderness.
Louie Anderson|Being lazy does not mean that you do not create. In fact, lying around doing nothing is an important, nay crucial, part of the creative process. It is meaningless bustle that actually gets in the way of productivity. All we are really saying is, give peace a chance.
honeya|If u want to work in Corporate, then u should know how to play Chess.
Charlotte Rogan|Futures can and do change, something as simple as you're supposed to turn right down a street one day... In your bones u know it, and yet for reasons no one understands, you decide to debunk fate and go left. Now instead of meeting your spouse of your dreams and having a house full of kids, you get flattened by an ice-cream truck and spend the next 5 years in physical therapy recovering from the injuries; or worse you die from it. And all cause you exercised free will and turned the opposite way on a whim.
Criss Jami, Healology|There is this common notion that people are shallow and ignorant until they go out and see the world. I, on the other hand, went out and in comparison realized I was in pretty good standing.
Shikha Phillips|You have to let people go. Everyone who's in your life are meant to be in your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay till the end.
Giuseppe Zanotti|All the great religions have a place for awe, for ecstatic transport at the wonder and beauty of creation.
Beverly Sills|You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|Fracture lines etch the surface of the glass box as if a body fell from the sky and landed on it. He doesn't hear the impact, can't smell the blood.
Lewis B. Smedes|When we forgive evil we do not excuse it, we do not tolerate it, we do not smother it. We look the evil full in the face, call it what it is, let its horror shock and stun and enrage us, and only then do we forgive it.
Kimbal Musk|The woman is a gentle, loving bond who encourages, consoles, builds, reconciles, and makes all things new and vibrant. The woman is strength in time of suffering, courageous in failure, intuitive in time of danger. A woman is ingenuous when all fails, resourceful in times of want, and a true helpmate for man.
Viola Davis|I've got a place in Portugal, which I like very much, but I've just been working in Malaysia for five weeks. My family had a chance to come over and we really loved it, particularly the island of Pangkor.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|In fact, although I am not aware of it (and I am never aware of it, no matter how many times I have the dream) her suicide is a foregone conclusion. It is this way in dreams: when decisions are being made, they have already been made.
Donald Trump|Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength.
Michelle Rowen, Dark Kiss|His lips ever so gently touched mine, and suddenly I felt everything stirring inside me grow wings, let loose, and fly.
J.D. Robb, Treachery in Death|I'm going to see if Morris has a spare spine lying around you can borrow if you're scared to speak to that high-heeled, smug-ass bitch, Peabody.
John Steinbeck|And then I saw what I was to see so many times on the journey--a look of longing. "Lord! I wish I could go.
Cory Lidle|Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.
Marsha Ward, The Man from Shenandoah|Some make light of decisions, arguing that all possible decisions will occur. In such a world, how could one be responsible for his actions? Others hold that each decision must be considered and committed to, that without commitment there is chaos. Such people are content to live in contradictory worlds, so long as they know the reason for each.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|If there is no one who is perfect,So there is no one better than you
Carol Lee, To Die For|Locking away appetite, anger, the fullness of life, anorexia helps cover up whatever struggles inside. With its controlling bouts of bingeing and starvation, of trance and half-life, it becomes a shield to fend off despair and longing and what most of use would see as ordinary responsible behavior.
Daniel Yanez|A better life and a peaceful mind comes by not spending your energy of destroying the negatives in your life, but by adding more positive influences from here in the now...all energy should be focused on a better you of today...and time will use the past negatives as fuel to propel you in the right direction..
Evan Williams|Communication is an issue where we can improve, and if I can do anything to help, I am happy to.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|How sad it was, Carmen thought, that you acted awful when you were desperately sad and hurt and wanted to be loved. How tragic then, the way everyone avoided you and tiptoed around you when you really needed them. Carmen knew this vicious predicament as well as anyone in the world. How bitter it felt when you acted badly to everyone and ended up hating yourself the most.
Justin Martyr, The First Apology of Justin Martyr, Addressed to the Emperor Antoninus Pius; Prefaced by Some Account of the Writings and Opinions of Justin|You are mine, and Heaven itself cannot rescue you from my power.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Birds keep singing beautiful songs, even if they have no audience.
Jim Davis|The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
David Duchovny|At an age when most youngsters are preparing for their GCSEs, I was suddenly a jet-setter, briefly the toast of Hollywood and London's West End. My immature wishes and naive opinions were treated with respect.
Abul 'Ala' Al-Ma'arri|Over many a race the sun's bright net was spreadAnd loosed their pearls nor left them even a thread.This dire world delights us, though all sup—All whom she mothers—from one mortal cup.Choose from two ills: which rather in the mainSuits you? —to perish or to live in pain?
V.|Love was like notches on a speaker that could be cranked up and down, the decibels of desire, the frequencies of feeling. Sometimes she thought that she might have cranked it all the way up and broken the dial before the music had even started.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|It’s funny how much easier it is to see others’ shortcomings and give advice when you’re not personally involved, for it’s almost impossible to see the light when you’re swimming in shit.
Hugo Weaving|I don't think I'll ever escape the fact that I don't belong anywhere in particular. I've often dreamed about going back to Nigeria, but that's a very romantic notion. It's a hideous country to go to in reality.
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|Who holds Wayfinder finds good roads,Its master's step is brisk;The Sword of Wisdom lightens loadsBut adds unto their risk.
Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits|But why give a man something it's so hard to earn? In that respect women are really thick. They're the daughters of rigidity. They need a man to feel secure but they don't realize that the one thing they should be afraid of is men. They don't know how to run their lives. They have to sacrifice themselves for the sake of someone else. Whores are the worst, patron, believe me. They throw their lives away working for some pimp, smile when he beats them, feel proud when he's well dressed, with his gold teeth and rings on his fingers, and when he goes off and takes up with a woman half their age they forgive him everything because 'he's a man.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It does not matter what religion you are, so long as your conscience guides your words and actions. We are all reflections of God means we are all reflections of his image — which is LIGHT. There is only one God and that is the cosmic heart of the universe — whatever you choose to call him or her. The heart within us is what connects us to God (the heart of the universe). This super basic concept is preached in all religions. God is TRUTH and LIGHT, and only through your conscience do you connect to him. Any person who does not use their conscience is very disconnected from God. Because again, the language of light can only be decoded by the heart.
Elizabeth Ross, Belle Epoque|The instant before something comes into focus is more exciting than any sharp certainty. Photography, child, is about the passing of time. Capturing is the goal of literature. Timelessness is the task of music and painting. But a good photograph holds time just as a vase holds water. The water will evaporate and the vase becomes a memorial to it. What separates a snapshot from a masterpiece is that the latter is a metaphor of patience...
Ariel Seraphino|You shouldn't change your mind, your heart. Go get happy.
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here is too Great|These stories, I realized, were lost. Nobody was going to know that part of the city but as a place where a bomb went off. The bomb was going to become the story of this city. That's how we lose the city - that's how our knowledge of what the world is is taken away from us - when what we know is blasted into rubble and what is created in its place bears no resemblance to what there was and we are left strangers in a place we knew, in a place we ought to have known.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Without the will, marriage is a mockery; without the emotion, it is a drudgery. You need both.
Nicolas Berggruen|Everything born has to die, in order to make room for the future.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Opportunities are rare in this life, and fairness, rarer still. So, when you discover a fair opportunity, go after as if it were your last because it very well might be.
James Carlos Blake, Red Grass River: A Legend|God enjoys himself, kills, commits injustice, makes love, works, likes impossible things, just the same as I do.But, boss, I´ve said so before, and I say it again, God and the devil are one and the same thing!
Gavin Hood|My finances have been decimated by a group of people, such as my ex-attorney, my ex-business manager, and an estate planner, specifically. And they have conspired together to - to co-op my corporations, put in trustees without my knowledge.
Justin Donner, I Just Woke Up Dead: A Memoir|That first drunk, first high, first sexual encounter, those feelings of first are the most intense, the best remembered, always impossible to attain again.
Rob Bell|If it is true, if it is beautiful, if it is honorable, if it is right, then claim it. Because it is from God. And you belong to God.
Dylan Moran|And I'm not saying it's a bad song, you know, or anything like that. All I'm saying is that if you get, I don't know, a broom, say, and dip it in some brake fluid, put the other end up my arse, stick me on a trampoline in a moving lift, and I would write a better song on the walls. That's all I'm saying.
Shannon L. Alder|Life enslaves the poor by giving them problems that money can resolve, or, dissolve
Edwin McRae, The Falconers: Fort Eden|Don’t worry. You’re lost. The best of us are, but you will find your way. The universe is everything, all that is tangible and all that is not. Sometimes it’s easy to get lost in the scheme of things. The world is wondrous and mysterious, but he will reveal himself to you when he is ready.” He paused. “We are all connected, but we don’t realize how. You, me… We’re all connected… somehow. Sooner or later it will all be revealed to us.
John Fowles, The Magus|Think. In a minute from now you could be saying, I risked death. I threw for life, and I won life. It is a very wonderful feeling. To have survived.
Avi, The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle|A sailor chooses the wind that takes the ship from a safe port. Ah, yes, but once you're abroad, as you have seen, winds have a mind of their own. Be careful, Charlotte, careful of the wind you choose.
Thomas Goodwin, What Happens When I Pray|Ask God to make you like David: an intercessor, even in the midst of your own great sins and great needs.
Ralph Ellison|Literature is integrated, and I'm not just talking about color or race. I'm talking about the power of literature to make us recognize - and again and again - the wholeness of the human experience.
Milton Berle|Objectifying is kind of a funny thing. Art is objectification, all art, because you're taking someone and making them into an object. But people can also talk back more to you when you're sketching them. They can look at you and say, 'Oh man, you got me wrong.'
Madeleine L'Engle|Life is a question, to live it positively is the Answer
Andrija Jonić|A true ruler does not rule others, he rules himself.
Amit Kalantri|Patience is an ever present alternative to the mind's endemic restlessness and impatience. Scratch the surface of impatience and what you will find lying beneath it, subtly or not so subtly, is anger. It's the strong energy of not wanting things to be the way they are and blaming someone (often yourself) or something for it. This doesn't mean you can't hurry when you have to. It is possible even to hurry patiently, mindfully, moving fast because you have chosen to.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Matters of Convenience|On occasion he would think back to the fiercest passion it had been his pleasure to experience and reflect on what might have been. He would look upon the woman who occupied the opposite half of his bed and feel his life had not quite lived up to the promise of another day. These moments would be mercifully brief, or so he hoped.
Uri Avnery|Well it's fairly straightforward: there isn't one [a god]. And there's no evidence for one, no reason to believe that there is one, and so I don't believe that there is one. And I think that it is rather foolish that people do think that there is one.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|We demand justice," Jeff says. "we don't have it, the world is a mess because of assholes who think they can steal everything and get away with it. So we have to overwhelm them and get back to justice.""And conditions are ripe, is that what you're saying?""Very ripe. People are pissed off. They're scared for their kids. That's the moment things can tip. If it works like Chenoweth's law says it does, then you only need about fifteen percent of a population to engage in civil disobedience, and the rest see it and support it, and the oligarchy falls. You get a new legal regime. It doesn't have to get all bloody and lead to a thugocracy of violent revolutionaries. If can work. And conditions are ripe.
Sam Bennett, Get It Done: From Procrastination to Creative Genius in 15 Minutes a Day|As long as your work remains unwritten in your head, it has no effect on anyone. Except you. And not in a good way. Once you let your idea out of the hermetically sealed vault of your brain and out into the fresh air, it will immediately start to evolve. The minute you get it down on a piece of paper, it will change.And once you let it out of the house — once someone else gets to experience it — everything is changed.You are changed. The project is changed. The audience is changed.That’s the alchemy of art.
K.S. Marsden, The Shadow Falls|The Weird Sisters, hand in hand,Posters of the sea and land,Thus do go, about, about,Thrice to thine, thrice to mine,And thrice again to make up nine.Peace, the charm's wound up.
Donna Grant, Soul Scorched|Please come out so I can see your face," Darcy said.	There was a smile in Thorn's voice when he said, "I gave my jeans to Warrick. I'm no' shy, lass, but I doona want to embarrass Warrick.
Václav Havel|Even a purely moral act that has no hope of any immediate and visible political effect can gradually and indirectly, over time, gain in political significance.
C.S. Lewis|It is dull, Son of Adam, to drink without eating," said the Queen presently. "What would you like best to eat?""Turkish Delight, please, your Majesty," said Edmund.
Toni Pike, The Magus Covenant|At last started to play and she gestured to dance with me. As we slow danced I couldn’t tell what day or year it was. For all I know, Etta could have been singing it live. We danced like lovers do and as the song neared it’s melodic end, she whispered in my ear—I just got lost with you.
Isaac Asimov, The Currents of Space|That most limited of all specialists, the "well-rounded man".
Sally Ride|It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|But everyone has a voice, and everyone sings. Oh, we all do it differently. Some of us sing quietly, alone, only in the dead of night or in the shower. Some of us sing a cappella, and some stand on a stage beside a band and let the whole world share their song. Some of us, some of us don’t sing at all, like that. We sing with other instruments: There’s song in stores, and in art, and in getting up before the dawn and putting food onto the table. There are angry songs and sad songs and songs that make you want to dance. But everybody has a song to sing, their own personal story leaked into the world. And mine is one of love.
Martin Booth, A Very Private Gentleman|When gods die, self-respect buds', murmured Orland Fank. 'Gods and their examples are not needed by those who respect themselves and, consequently, respect others. Gods are for children, for little, fearful people, for those who would have no responsibility to themselves or their fellows.
Alan W. Kennedy, The Alpha Strategies, Understanding Strategy, Risk, and Values in Any Organization|Tell me thy company, and I'll tell thee what thou art
Iyanla Vanzant|Fear wears so many clever disguises it is virtually impossible to always recognize it. Fear disguises itself as the need to be somewhere else, doing something else, not knowing how to do something or not needing to do something.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Scientists have been trying to find an answer to the ancient question: What is it that makes a woman decide whether or not she's gonna roll in the hay with a guy she's met. And I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you all on this one, since although being a woman, it's been a mystery to me as well.Yet one thing I know: the decision is made within the very first minute a girl meets a boy. No exemptions.
Heather Blanton, A Lady in Defiance|If he only wants your breasts, legs & thighs then send him to KFC.
Walter Benjamin|All efforts to make politics aesthetic culminate in one thing, war.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Warlord, you once told me I'd always know what you're thinking. What are your thoughts now?""Partly, I'm thinking that I might shame myself in my trews, just from the feel of you next to me.
Nick Hornby, More Baths, Less Talking|No time spent with a book is ever entirely wasted, even if the experience is not a happy one: there’s always something to be learned. It’s just that, every now and again, you hit a patch of reading that makes you feel as if you’re pootling about… But what can you do about it? We don’t choose to waste our reading time; it just happens. The books let us down.
The Beatles|All the lonely people, where do they all come from?
Hippocrates, The Aphorisms of Hippocrates|In whatever disease sleep is laborious, it is a deadly symptom; but if sleep does good, it is not deadly.
Christina Harlin, Deck of Cards|Since I was a very young thing, others have told me that what I think, and the things I like, and the ideas I have, are bad. This has always been very puzzling to me. I understand in theory what the problem is, but in practice? I’m not compelled to change my ways.
Vinita Hampton Wright, Simple Acts of Moving Forward: A Little Book About Getting Unstuck|I should learn patience, it's a shame there's no time for that.
Ted Hughes, Crow: From the Life and Songs of the Crow|Black was the without eyeBlack the within tongueBlack was the heartBlack the liver, black the lungsUnable to suck in lightBlack the blood in its loud tunnelBlack the bowels packed in furnaceBlack too the musclesStriving to pull out into the lightBlack the nerves, black the brainWith its tombed visionsBlack also the soul, the huge stammerOf the cry that, swelling, could notPronounce its sun.
George Carlin|I noticed that all the prayers I used to offer to God, and all the prayers I now offer to Joe Pesci, are being answered at about the same fifty percent rate. Half the time I get what I want, half the time I don't...Same as the four-leaf clover and the horseshoe...same as the voodoo lady who tells you your fortune by squeezing the goat's testicles. It's all the same...so just pick your superstition, sit back, make a wish, and enjoy yourself...
Brian P. Moran, The 12 Week Year|To become fit requires discomfort, to earn a significant income requires discomfort, to become great at anything, requires you to pay the price. ..To become great, you must choose to allocate your time to your greatest opportunities. You will have to choose to spend time on the difficult things that create your biggest payoffs. To be great you will need to live with intention. That will require you to be clear on what matters most, and then to have the courage to say no to things that distract you.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Who are you anyway? What are you even doing here?”“Haven,” she said quietly, peeking at him.He gazed at her peculiarly. “Heaven? No, this definitely isn't Heaven. But I get why you’re confused, since I'm standing in front of you.” She stared at him, and hecracked a smile. “I'm kidding. Well, kinda… I have been told I've taken a girl to Heaven a time or two.”“Haven, not Heaven,” she said, louder than before. Nothing about the conversation made sense to her. “My name’s Haven.
claris yetunde ramsin|We make love with soul, not body
Roshani Chokshi, Death and Night|What property is left to dreamers when every idea has been tamed and conquered? What about the poet who dreams of embracing the night sky? It's utterly impossible. And yet the thought of it sparks song and dance, poetry and philosophy.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|What is the cause of historical events? Power. What is power? Power is the sum total of wills transferred to one person. On what condition are the willso fo the masses transferred to one person? On condition that the person express the will of the whole people. That is, power is power. That is, power is a word the meaning of which we do not understand. 
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|No price is too great to pay for inner peace. Peace is the harmonious control of life. It is vibrant with life-energy. It is a power that easily transcends all our worldly knowledge. Yet it is not separate from our earthly existence. If we open the right avenues within, this peace can be felt here and now.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|It's no wonder I became a monster, too.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|She was beautiful, but not like those girls in the magazines. She was beautiful, for the way she thought. She was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved. She was beautiful, for her ability to make other people smile, even if she was sad. No, she wasn't beautiful for something as temporary as her looks. She was beautiful, deep down to her soul. She is beautiful.
Lori Llewellyn|You've been so used to fighting Wars with a gun in your hand that you forget to put it down. Not every fight requires a weapon of some kind, and not everything is a fight.
Kendrick Lamar|I just try to be the best I can, but I'm human.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|Great men of old and of today never considered themselves only human, they also considered themselves gods. And god! See what hat great achievement have they realized!
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Home. Wow. I’m already calling it home.Well, isn’t that what any place is? Any place that you share withsomeone you love, I mean?
Gillian Anderson|Well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
Eiji Yoshikawa, Taiko: An Epic Novel of War and Glory in Feudal Japan|Secrets have a cost, they are not for free.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|Intellectual transcendence is achieved with the leap out of where you know too much, to where you have a lot to learn; then, facing the odds and turning the latter into the starting point of a new leap to where discipline outweighs all.
Gabriel Medina|Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.
John Burroughs|Our historical experience teaches us that men imitate one another, that their attitudes are statistically calculable, their opinions manipulable, and that man is therefore less an individual (a subject) than an element in a mass.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Posture Power, when interviewing for a job remember. Poor posture shows uncertainty and a lack of confidence and ability. Good posture conveys confidence and an air of capability.
Debasish Mridha|Like Jesus, forgive those who are hurting you because they don't know what they are doing.
Stefan Molyneux|Successful relationships are those relationships were conflicts are successfully resolved and in fact peoples intimacy, closeness, and love are enhanced through the resolution of conflicts. I have always become closer to my wife and to my friends when we have conflicts and work through them successfully because conflicts will always arise. They are an opportunity for intimacy, self-knowledge, and a greater connection.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Consistency. Clarity. Courage. I like to stand for consistency, clarity and courage in my thoughts, words, and actions.
Sienna Guillory|I have never felt more confident in myself, more clear on who I am as a woman. But I am constantly thinking about my own health and making sure that I'm eating right and getting exercise and watching the aches and pains. I want to be this really fly 80-90-year old.
Leslie H. Whitten Jr., Progeny of the Adder|This isn't Dungeon & Dragons, dude. Just because I'm wearing black doesn't mean I have the Find & Remive Traps skill.
Katherine Stewart, The Good News Club: The Christian Right's Stealth Assault on America’s Children|Earlier in the summer, I'd found the syllabi to a couple of the courses I was taking at Defriese in the fall, and I'd hunted down a few of the texts at the U bookstore, figuring it couldn't hurt to acquaint myself with the material.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|This larger goal wouldn’t be the imitation of education in Universities today, glossed over and concealed by grades and degrees that give the appearance of something happening when, in fact, almost nothing is going on. It would be the real thing.
Kenneth Everett|My books have very few villains pretending to be righteous, but they are filled with good people who have pretended to be villains so well that they believe it themselves. This is how I like to view reality.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|Curious about these new entities, the elementals asked why the gods were in the shape they were."We are bipedal," Erebus said. "We wish to be distinguished from the animals.""What are animals?" an elemental asked."We're not sure yet, but they will have more than two legs. Unless we give them less than two... or maybe not. Anyway, it's just a concept we're playing with at the moment.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When you set a goal, you have a responsibility to yourself to see it through. No matter how impossible it may seem, resolve to accomplish it.
Dan Sanders, The Circle of Six: Emily's Quest|Your present is what you live, but your past is what you carry.
Daniel Friedmann, Roadmap to the End of Days: Demystifying Biblical Eschatology To Explain The Past, The Secret To The Apocalypse And The End Of The World|Our enemy is [. . .] and all people like him, who never question their motives or doubt their desires. They are put on this earth to cause misery, because what they take so freely for themselves comes always at great cost to others.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Soon all of you immortalsWill be as dead as we are! Come on then, what are you waiting for?Have you run out of thunderbolts?
Frederick Douglass, Autobiographies|I prayed for freedom for twenty years, but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.
J.E.B. Spredemann, An Unforgivable Secret|Trust, once lost, could not be easily found. Not in a year, perhaps not even in a lifetime.
John Coltrane|I think maths is the root of everything. If we understood every area of math, it would lead to improving our sense of science, physics, engineering, space travel... all those great things. Maths is a backbone for it.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Follow through. You’d be surprised how many people don’t do that. If you have to stay up all night to get it done,n then do that. If you consistently see that you cannot actually get things done in the time frame you committed to, stop over committing.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I know there are days when we want to be liked by others a little more than we want to change the world. But, if we decided to speak up a little more and hesitate a little less, we will begin making ripples of change.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes there is no time to wait for the sea to calm down! If you have to reach your target, let your voyage start and let the storm be your path!
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|If you put a real leaf and a silk leaf side by side, you'll see something of the difference between Homer's poetry and anyone else's. There seem to be real leaves still alive in the 'Iliad,' real animals, real people, real light attending everything.
Leelee Sobieski|I can have a song with Ariana Grande that is going to be the song for all the kids and the teen girls, and then another song that could be for a different group of people who all love the song. I'm with whoever. Whatever type of people want to love the music and whatever they love about the music is fine with me.
Jim Crumley, Gulfs of Blue Air: A Highland Journey|...there are no new themes for a writer, only new ways of setting down old themes, new eyes to wander among old rocks.
Morris R. Gates|When sin ceases to pay, we have a happy knack of finding out that it is wrong; so after a bit, when Virginia, and Georgia and the Carolinas had ceased to belong to us, we began to denounce this trade in African flesh, and to denounce it in no stinted terms.
William Wilberforce|Have we ever wondered a mothers silent cries? Her struggles, her fears and her worries? Do we ever have time for this in our busy lives? Have we ever thought of the sacrifices she has done in order to make our lives happier, and her dreams cut short to make our dreams come true?
Mike Rogers|Together, we can build the kind of world in which we all seek to live, one of universal equality and justice.
Debasish Mridha|Philosophy, in its simplest form, is the exploration of the beauty and ugliness of life.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|This is an important lesson to remember when you're having a bad day, a bad month, or a shitty year. Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most. I believe you can't feel real joy unless you've felt heartache. You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to fail. You can't know what it's like to feel holy until you know what it's like to feel really fucking evil. And you can't be birthed again until you've died.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Others Are Smarter Than Me But Here's The Difference, I'm Wise....
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|At times it may feel as if we are helpless to what happens to us, and that things happen without rhyme or reason. Rest assured that no matter how choppy the sea gets or how the wind blows, Jesus is on the boat.
John Knowles, Peace Breaks Out|There’s a huge difference for taking responsibility for one’s actions, and taking credit, and in this scenario I think we need to give credit where credit is due. I won’t take responsibility for my teacher’s drinking problem, but I will take credit for it.
Eva Ibbotson, Island of the Aunts|After all, Betty was ill and she was her sister, and she wouldn't be able to shave her legs for weeks because of the plaster.
Hymen Chonon Berkowitz|Where should one turn for guidance in an appraisal of of the essence of justice, morality, ethics, religion, science, literaturem, and the like? Not to the past, for history is willfully misinterpreted; and not to the church, which is ineffective because of the cowardice of its leaders. Even science cannot be helpful beccause its exponents have succeeded only in destroying the harmony of life. It is therefore the duty of literature to rediscover the truth and beauty of life that other means have failed to find.
Debasish Mridha|Today is such a lovely day, my heart is dancing with joy.My mind is flowing with timeand my soul is longing for your soul.
Petina Gappah, An Elegy for Easterly: Stories|For what is socialism? With the frills removed, it is people collectively running society. Instead of being the prisoners of anarchic capitalist competition and the mad rush for profit at any cost, it is working together for the common good. Our tremendous co-operative power would be controlled, not by a ruling class in the search for ever greater profits, but democratically and for the fulfillment of human need.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Put your mouthful of words away  and come with me to watch  the lilies open in such a field,  growing there like yachts,  slowly steering their petals  without nurses or clocks.
Mica Williams|Most people like to be rich, but they don’t know that the rich people are the unhappy bunch. Always marrying at least 3 times, always having drinking or drug problems and always think they are smartest one around, when in fact they can’t name 2 capitals from Europe without a Google search.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|My eyes were closed, they're open now
Patrick Schwarzenegger|Television doesn't like politics very well, if you can infer that from the way they cover it.
Stephanie Butland, Lost For Words|God, I don't love much but I love words.
Matthew A. Petti, The Metaphysics of Truth -Unobserved Realities and the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse|My metaphysical thinking is more in alignment with Plato rather than Aristotle's." ~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Glen Carter, Last Witness|story telling is not a career, it's a calling. I've been writing true and compelling news my entire professional life. My novels are packs of lies
Allen Ginsberg|I really believe, or want to believe, really I am nuts, otherwise I'll never be sane.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|You need mountains, long staircases don't make good hikers.
Arianna Huffington|Fear comes from uncertainty. When we are absolutely certain, whether of our worth or worthlessness, we are almost impervious to fear.
Francoise Sagan|'Game of Thrones,' people say that it's a fantasy series, but it's a hell of a lot more than that. It attracts the so-called geeks and nerds, and God bless them, they're wonderful for getting right into the show. But primarily it's about family; it's power and betrayal and jealousy. It's all those wonderful things that a fantastic drama is about.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|All my heart is yours, sir: it belongs to you; and with you it would remain, were fate to exile the rest of me from your presence forever.
Jo Walton, What Makes This Book So Great|But free will is what it means to be human, and no one can determine the path you take through this universe. Choice is our greatest right, our greatest gift-and our greatest responsibility.
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|He was like a book, where each chapter picks up pace until you can't put it down. That's when you know you've made a friend - when you want to read more of his story.
Clifford Cohen|Sex can be the result of love, but never the cause of it.
Eva Herzigova|A lot of times, women don't get the male perspective in regards to a relationship, what men go through when they're not really dealing well.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Existence has billions of doors, but death has none!
Moriah Peters|Rain"Oh amiable rainWasher of treesand roofswho has prepared themforthe pink rayof evening("Poems")
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|At times, he admitted, he had been very happy in the apple business. He knew what Larch would have told him: that his happiness was not the point, or that it wasn't as important as his usefulness.
Henry James|I couldn't have made a better shot, if I had been one of those detectives who see a chap walking along the street and deduce that he is a retired manufacturer of poppet valves named Robinson with rheumatism in one arm, living at Clapham.
S. Truett Cathy|Help young people. Help small guys. Because small guys will be big. Young people will have the seeds you bury in their minds, and when they grow up, they will change the world.
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|I live not in myself, but I becomePortion of that around me: and to meHigh mountains are a feeling, but the humof human cities torture.
Tanya Masse, Stairway to Awesomeness!: 30 Fundamental Steps to Living a Life of Awesomeness!|People cannot live forever, but memories can. Never pass up an opportunity to create awesome memories with your special ones.
Claire M. Banschbach, The Wildcat of Braeton|How do you know I’m any different from the broken, beaten slave you found over seven years ago? - Corin
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There was real plasure to be had eating ice cream out of container and pickles out of a glass jar, standing up at the counter. I wondered whether the cravings associated with pregnancy were really only a matter of women feeling empowered to admit their odd longings to their husbands, to ask another person to bring them the eccentric combinations they'd long enjoyed in private.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|It's going to be all right, sir," Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore's silence than he had been by his weakened voice. "We're nearly there ... I can Apparate us both back ... don't worry ...""I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.
Amy Purdy|Naming me 'Twinkle' was a foolproof way of making sure that I would get teased throughout my life, have immigration officers at various airports stare at my passport and shake with hysterical laughter, and strangers stalk me with WhatsApp messages like, 'Twinkle, Twinkle, little star, I hope you get hit by a car!'
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|You can encounter the great life within you when you recover the zero point. What you encounter that great life, all limits created by the thoughts and emotions vanish and infinite creativity springs forth.
Natalia Jaster, Trick|About Hollywood.I feel like it’s a big ocean, full of bottom feeders, midlevel fish, the occasional shark, and some wonderful savvy whales, the elders, and the ones who guide you on your way. If you’re lucky enough, you get to be a dolphin and have your waves broken by the passage of these elders before you, but at the same time, you get an occasional shark bite in the tail and maybe one of the bottom feeders comes up and takes a little nibble. But I see myself as cresting a series of waves, dipping down, sometimes, lower than I’d like, but mainly kind of happily staying above. (smiles and takes a long drag of her cigarette) And, of course, I try to avoid the fishnets.
Danez Smith|So that when you found your Jake Andrews, you would know. You would know what it felt like to stand in front of your forever
Malia Ann Haberman, Chase Tinker and the House of Magic (Chase Tinker, #1)'|Yeah, right. Instead of watching TV, we'll practice our weird magical powers. Great. What's next? Zooming around on flying carpets?
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Those fellows, they're always crying over killers. Never a thought for the victims.
Alexandra Heminsley, Running Like a Girl|The tattoo artist inflicts pain and I take it. With each breath I count to one again. Each inhale, each exhale, time passes in the smallest of pieces, and pieces still smaller than those.This is how you count a life. This is how you go through it. Each second of hurt is a second that's already passed, one you never have to go through again. I have counted in pieces that small, when walking from the bed to the fridge seemed an insurmountable goal. I have counted my breaths, my steps, my eye-blinks, my hiccups, the tiny pulse in my thumb. And when I started getting tattooed, two of the things I used to need were gone: to write on myself, and to find irrelevant things to count. A second of intense pain is the most profound thing you can live through. And another, and another, and another, and then you know what it is to feel, and to struggle through that feeling one small agonizing increment at a time, and if you know that, you know what it is to live with mental illness.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|It has generally been assumed that fairy tales were first created for children and are largely the domain of children. But nothing could be further from the truth.From the very beginning, thousands of years ago, when tales were told to create communal bonds in face of the inexplicable forces of nature, to the present, when fairy tales are written and told to provide hope in a world seemingly on the brink of catastrophe, mature men and women have been the creators and cultivators of the fairy tale tradition. When introduced to fairy tales, children welcome them mainly because they nurture their great desire for change and independence. On the whole, the literary fairy tale has become an established genre within a process of Western civilization that cuts across all ages. Even though numerous critics and shamans have mystified and misinterpreted the fairy tale because of their spiritual quest for universal archetypes or their need to save the world through therapy, both the oral and the literary forms of the fairy tale are grounded in history: they emanate from specific struggles to humanize bestial and barbaric forces, which have terrorized our minds and communities in concrete ways, threatening to destroy free will and human compassion. The fairy tale sets out to conquer this concrete terror through metaphors.
Brunello Cucinelli|I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China, which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive, but I get it on the Web.
Dana Perino|Half the time he seems autistic, the rest of the time he's like a lizard jacked full of lithium and speed. These things do not promote love in most of us.
Kristin Davis|My family got all over me because they said Bush is only for the rich people. Then I reminded them, 'Hey, I'm rich'.
Stephen Hawking, Black Holes and Baby Universes|The release of atomic power has changed everything except our way of thinking ... the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind. If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker. (1945)
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|A person can put up any kind of protective wall, but love and truth always find a way around it.
Betty MacDonald, Nancy and Plum|The writer and his reader are both complicit in the act of storytelling. The writer must first leave a part of his soul on the page,like a contagion, which the reader then catches.
Rachael Rose Steil, Running in Silence: My Drive for Perfection and the Eating Disorder That Fed It|As I searched for food perfection, and as I gained weight, I began to realize that the race for perfection in anything was the path to destruction.
Jean Baudrillard, For a Critique of the Political Economy of the Sign|I had thought that my being would collapse when I gifted my soul', said Neville. 'Why is it then that I still breathe, and feel, and move?' 'Because,' said Mary, 'when you gift something wholly and completely and unhesitatingly it returns to you doublefold.
Roland Merullo, Breakfast with Buddha|With two teenagers in the house, we sometimes experience a degree of domestic turbulence that sounds, to my ear, like a boiling teakettle filled with hormones shrieking on a stove.
Randy Jaeggli, More Like the Master: Reflecting the Image of God|The true Christian was intended by Christ to prove all things by the Word of God: all churches, all ministers, all teaching, all preaching, all doctrines, all sermons, all writings, all opinions, all practices. These are his marching orders. Prove all by the Word of God; measure all by the measure of the Bible; compare all with the standard of the Bible; weigh all in the balances of the Bible; examine all by the light of the Bible; test all in the crucible of the Bible. That which cannot abide the fire of the Bible, reject, refuse, repudiate, and cast away. This is the flag which he nailed to the mast. May it never be lowered!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Originality of mind untainted,And enthusiasm for life, unlimited.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|Oh, Lord, bestow me with the power, that as much as I love her, I extinguish the need of loving her within me.
Meredith Ann Pierce, The Pearl of the Soul of the World|Oh, Irrylath,Irrylath, we squaundered our two years together.
Zoë Marriott, FrostFire|I'd ruin any day, all my days, for those long nights with you. And I did. But that right there was why it was doomed.
Andy Warhol, A Retrospective|Life is a treasure-chest of opportunities, choices, and time. Unfortunately, the choice many people make is to argue about the details of the chest instead of seizing the treasure within it.
Friedrich A. Hayek|Let us show that, if the people abandon the republicans, the republicans do not abandon the people.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|No, enjoy it while you can.” Esther said as she walked out alone.
Lisa Kleypas|Lord above, was there a better sight than a woman flush with passion, her skin dewy and pink, her breasts bouncing from the force of his thrusts?
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|Talk to ourselves in the same way we'd talk to someone we'd love. Yes, you made a mistake. You're human. You don't have to do it like anyone else does. Fixing it and making amends will help. Self-loathing will not. Reach out to someone we trust--a person who has earned the right to hear our story and who has the capacity to respond with empathy.
Noriko Nakada, Through Eyes Like Mine|She had always thought the word 'pheromones' made it sound as though molecules were floating in the air, shaped like little fluted horns, ready to attach themselves to the nearest target. Microscopic Edison phonographs flying about, their brassy mouths puckered to sucker onto bare unsuspecting skin. These were what he sent out to her. The pheromones. The eyeless babies of energy.
K.A. Linde, Avoiding Commitment|Press Onward! We all make mistakes. It's time we stop dwelling on them and move forward. Ask for forgiveness from others, forgive yourself and then...full steam ahead. Darkness has no greater companion than a self loathing un-forgiven or unforgiving heart. Paul writes in Philippians: "…But one thing I do, forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal..." Press on dear friends for life, love and joy await you! ~Jason Versey
Cassandra Clare|If you never tell anyone the truth about yourself, eventually you start to forget.
Lorin Morgan-Richards|War is hell, but sometimes in the midst of that hell men do things that heaven itself must be proud of. A hand grenade is hurled into a group of men. One of the men throws himself on top of it, making his body a living shield. In the burst of wild fire he dies, and the others live. Heroism is only a word, often a phony one. This is an action for which there is no good word because we can hardly even imagine it, let alone give it its proper name. Very literally, one man takes death into his bowels, takes fire into his own sweet flesh, so that the other men can take life, some of them men he hardly knows.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version|Trust in Him at all times, you people; pour out your heart before Him; God is a refuge for us. Selah
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|But when Edward kissed Frederica Marshall, something terrible happened—something that had never happened in a lifetime of kisses.He didn’t see an end.He wasn’t going to want a sweet farewell in a few weeks’ time. He wouldn’t walk away with a light heart. He was going to want more and more—more kisses, more of her, again and again.
Leo. C Rosten|The writer wants to be understood much more than he wants to be respected or praised or even loved. And that perhaps, is what makes him different from others.
Nilesh Sakpal, Anita: She was strong. She had to be.|Yes, memories do haunt. Memories of a happy past, in the expectation of a bleak future, in a sad present. - Anita
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|How did you know I was different?” “You mean besides the obvious obsidian, the alien entourage, and the branch?” He laughed. “You’re full of electricity. See?” He reached between the seats and placed his hand over mine. Static crackled, jolting us both. Daemon grabbed Blake’s hand and threw it back at him. “I do not like you.
Basma Salem, The Art Of Black|A mafia could never kill an alliance. That’s how you become safe from the enemy, you befriend them.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|That can happen when people die, the argument with them drops away and people so flawed while they were drawing breath that at times they were all but unbearable now assert themselves in the most appealing way, and what was least to your liking the day before yesterday becomes in the limousine behind the hearse a cause not only for sympathetic amusement but for admiration
Jürgen Moltmann|If God made everything, did He make the Devil?' This is the kind of embarrassing question which any child can ask before breakfast, and for which no neat and handy formula is provided in the Parents' Manual…Later in life, however, the problem of time and the problem of evil become desperately urgent, and it is useless to tell us to run away and play and that we shall understand when we are older. The world has grown hoary, and the questions are still unanswered.
Kimberly Lewis, What's Left of Me|She was supposed to be my salvation, and though she wouldn’t be my ruin, the loss was going to thrust my life right back to what started my downward spiral in the first place.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|Memories, good and bad, can be used to help us heal if we don’t let ourselves be mired down in them.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|If she could no longer be called beautiful, she possessed something better-a knowledge of beauty; it’s inflated value, it’s inevitable loss.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|....His trust in God was as firm as a mountain. Indeed, mountains might come crashing down, and yet the Prophet’s faith would remain unshaken. At moments of extreme danger, he was full of confidence that the truth he preached would triumph. At the moment of his greatest triumph he showed humility and gave due thanks to the Almighty. With yesterday’s enemies – the very ones who plotted his assassination and determined to exterminate his community – at his mercy, he was remarkably magnanimous. The sight that gave him most satisfaction at the end of his blessed life was that of his followers offering a congregational prayer in his mosque. He felt then that he had delivered God’s message and fulfilled his task.
Garry Kasparov, Deep Thinking: Where Machine Intelligence Ends and Human Creativity Begins|The human mind isn’t a computer; it cannot progress in an orderly fashion down a list of candidate moves and rank them by a score down to the hundredth of a pawn the way a chess machine does. Even the most disciplined human mind wanders in the heat of competition. This is both a weakness and a strength of human cognition. Sometimes these undisciplined wanderings only weaken your analysis. Other times they lead to inspiration, to beautiful or paradoxical moves that were not on your initial list of candidates.
Donna Lynn Hope|To be a strong and empathetic person always requires us to trust that God will send angels to the people's heart we tried to reach, but couldn't.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|WHAT PEOPLE MAY THINKSome people cowerand wince and shrink,owing to fear ofwhat people may think.There is one answerto worries like these:people may thinkwhat the devil they please.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|In 2002, having spent more than three years in one residence for the first time in my life, I got called for jury duty. I show up on time, ready to serve. When we get to the voir dire, the lawyer says to me, “I see you’re an astrophysicist. What’s that?” I answer, “Astrophysics is the laws of physics, applied to the universe—the Big Bang, black holes, that sort of thing.” Then he asks, “What do you teach at Princeton?” and I say, “I teach a class on the evaluation of evidence and the relative unreliability of eyewitness testimony.” Five minutes later, I’m on the street. A few years later, jury duty again. The judge states that the defendant is charged with possession of 1,700 milligrams of cocaine. It was found on his body, he was arrested, and he is now on trial. This time, after the Q&A is over, the judge asks us whether there are any questions we’d like to ask the court, and I say, “Yes, Your Honor. Why did you say he was in possession of 1,700 milligrams of cocaine? That equals 1.7 grams. The ‘thousand’ cancels with the ‘milli-’ and you get 1.7 grams, which is less than the weight of a dime.” Again I’m out on the street.
Savania China|Always assume your assumptions about others are wrong. Because often, they are
Akshay Vasu|She was a poem and a painting too. Everything she said sounded like a song, every silence was the music too.
Yves Behar|Having one foot in design and the other in sustainable and social projects, I hear this question quite often: 'Why does the world need another chair?' My answer is that the world needs another chair/bicycle/car or any new product for that matter, like the world needs another book.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Dr. Xia was working as a salaried doctor attached to another man's medicine shop, which did not give him much chance to display his skill. But he worked had, and gradually his reputation began to grow. Soon he was invited to go on his first visit to a patient's home. When he came back that evening he was carrying a package wrapped in a cloth. He winked at my mother and his wife and asked them to guess what was inside the package. My mother's eyes was glued to the steaming bundle, and even before she could shout out "Steamed rolls!" she was already tearing the package open. As she was devouring the rolls, she looked up and met Dr. Xia's twinkling eyes. More than fifty years later she can still remember his look of happiness, and even today she says she can remember any food as delicious as those simple wheat rolls.
Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot|Here are the shadows left behind by a thousand moments, a thousand moods, of needs traced here on the wall by men who are gone. Here is the record of their being here.
Tara Leigh Cobble, Crowded Skies: Letters To Manhattan|The darker side of the City tried to emphasize the selfish parts of me by encouraging my sense of entitlement and my desire for personal space. But God seemed to whisper that the alternative existed: to let Him grow humility and concern for others in a way I had never experienced, to live out His peace amid whirling chaos. (p.67)
Dennis Hastert|The music that I've made in the past has had strong contemporary country roots, but I think moving on in music, I will branch out from that a bit.
Janine R Pestel|Friends don't let friends go to hell."- Johann Gunter in "The Bucktown Babies
Reese Witherspoon|I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.
Auliq Ice|Without wonder, there's no progress. Nothing gets done, nobody goes anywhere. If you don't exercise your capacity for wonder... well, use it or lose it. A civilization without wonder is a civilization that's starting to atrophy and die.
Ash Gray, Tales of Talithia|Yes. The elven magi are very old, but not old enough to remember that all of this has happened before.” Parmida frowned. “Just how old are you?”“I am older than a thousand of your suns,” the unicorn answered.“. . . and that means?
V.S. Naipaul|Once one follows the ideals of any specific ideology, they lose some ability to see the world outside of those pre-filtered glasses.
Mahatma Gandhi|Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.
Robert Wright, The Moral Animal: Why We Are the Way We Are: The New Science of Evolutionary Psychology|Real morality is not the product of fearing a spanking. But what does fundamentalist hell-belief encourage? It retards any developing moral judgment by freezing moral maturity right at the most primitive, most childish, stage: the fear of retribution-and fundamentalism threatens one hell of a spanking.
Ishmael Emmanuel Balfour|But-when you really think about it-that emotional support only applies to the experience of living in public. We don't have ways to quantify ideas like "amazing" or "successful" or "lovable" without the feedback of an audience. Nobody sits by himself in an empty room and thinks "I'm amazing." It's impossible to imagine how that would work. But being "amazing" is supposed to be what life is about. As a result, the windows of time people spend by themselves become these meaningless experiences that don't really count. It's filler. They're deleted scenes. pg 156
Ann Demeulemeester|Aside from infrequent comments ("Cheer up, love," or "It's not Hallo'ween"), no one wondered why a teenager was dressed up as a chic governess. Sylvie approved of Miri, even at the same time as she was confused by her. "It's a style at least," she said, and took off her rope of pearls and looped them around Miri's neck.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from a river; obstacles may force it to change its course, but never its destination.
Shaun Tan|As an actor, I travel around a lot and live in a lot of hotels, and many times I've been in a town where the only entertainment to be had is what you find in the hotel bar or lobby.
Neale Osborne, The Castle of Desires|Every small business has to become a publisher—a publisher of marketing messages and customer resources, and a publisher of stories.
Nikki Rowe|i trust our connection, regardless of what logic has to say.
Bipasha Basu|It takes one person to forgive, it takes two people to be reunited.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|It's not strength, it's PERCEPTION that makes you stronger. If you change how you SEE it, you'll change how you FEEL about it.
Gina Conkle, The Lady Meets Her Match|Growing up a steward's daughter on the grand Greenwich estate afforded her many opportunities. But life changed one fateful night, a reminder of who and what she was. Since then, she labored hard, building calluses anew on her hands and heart, all in an effort to fall into a deep sleep every night and forget what had happened years ago. Many more years of hard work stretched ahead of her.	Why not sip champagne once more?	What harm could come of that?
Richie Norton|Every book you've ever read on LEADERSHIP will finally make sense (and become practical) if you change the word "leader" to INFLUENCER.
Bryant Gumbel|Self-pity, a dominant characteristic of sociopaths, is also the characteristic that differentiates heroic storytelling from psychological rumination. When you talk about your experiences to shed light, you may feel wrenching pain, grief, anger, or shame. Your audience may pity you, but not because you want them to.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|I’ve always wondered why women are expected to deny their true age. Why? To be a woman of 50 and up is a badge of triumph—a hard-earned certificate that says you survived the shallowness, the violence, the meanness, and the caprice of a male-dominated society without losing your mind!
Lemony Snicket, Who Could That Be at This Hour?|I am a practical girl, and a life is only so long. It should be spent in as much peace and good eating and good reading as possible and no undue excitement. That is all I am after.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Just because things are not going the way as they should, doesn't mean they are going wrong, sometimes things are setting up in a new way & taking us towards better things. So never give up..!
Connor Franta|The attempt to understand morality in the legalistic terms of a natural law is ancient but is now mostly associated with the formulation given it by Thomas Aquinas in the late thirteenth century. All earlier natural law is commonly seen as leading up to Aquinas’s paradigmatic version, whereas later natural law is understood as deriving from it.
Allynn Riggs, The Blood|His thoughts flicked between the confidence of the Anyala Stone, the expectations of his world, and, the certainty of his failure.
Natalya Vorobyova|I'd represent "Love" when it sued hypocritical writers for abuse.
Dada Bhagwan|Only when there is dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to not hurt anyone, to give happiness to others) in the body, then there is shukladhyan in the Self (contemplation as the Self, the Soul).
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society|Revenge is not always sweet, once it is consummated we feel inferior to our victim.
Alan W. Watts|While complying can be an effective strategyfor physical survival, it's a lousy one for personal fulfillment. Living a satisfying life requires more than simply meeting the demands of those incontrol. Yet in our offices and our classrooms we have way too much compliance and way too little engagement. The former might get youthrough the day, but only the latter will get you through the night.
Marcus Allen|That's the thing about fear. Death will kill you once, but fear kills you over and over and over, if you let it.
Lynsay Sands, Love Is Blind|We all men want a bad girl friend, but a good wife.
Giuseppe Zanotti|Originally, I thought English was more my home. But Spanish is so much more romantic. I've had to learn new phrases. I've had to learn to be more secure about singing in Spanish. But I'm working on it.
Samuel Gompers|If you have a chance to accomplish something that will make things better for people coming behind you, and you don't do that, you are wasting your time on this earth.
Tina Fey|the best of" show was completely gone and we were in big trouble, except we didn't really care.
Jerry Garcia|I hate wasting time or money and that happens all the time for no good reason, and then people save money by skimping on the important things.
John Allison|I think the fans from the original 'Teen Wolf' tuned in expecting us to ruin the franchise, and I think that we've only heightened it. So we've brought 'Teen Wolf' back.
J.D. Stroube|If we estimate people's responsibility according to the time when they were left exceptionally on their own, then today's generation is a stubborn crowd of hopeless peers.
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|Until the notion of Helmet-Assisted Life catches on with more people, you may be seen as a threat if you wear a helmet during moments of intimacy. Yet it might also be true that relaxed intimacy cannot occur unless the head is fully protected.
Li Bai|There is another world, other than/ this one we choose to live in.
Chieko N. Okazaki|Well, my dear sisters, the gospel is the good news that can free us from guilt. We know that Jesus experienced the totality of mortal existence in Gethsemane. It's our faith that he experienced everything- absolutely everything. Sometimes we don't think through the implications of that belief. We talk in great generalities about the sins of all humankind, about the suffering of the entire human family. But we don't experience pain in generalities. We experience it individually. That means he knows what it felt like when your mother died of cancer- how it was for your mother, how it still is for you. He knows what it felt like to lose the student body election. He knows that moment when the brakes locked and the car started to skid. He experienced the slave ship sailing from Ghana toward Virginia. He experienced the gas chambers at Dachau. He experienced Napalm in Vietnam. He knows about drug addiction and alcoholism.Let me go further. There is nothing you have experienced as a woman that he does not also know and recognize. On a profound level, he understands the hunger to hold your baby that sustains you through pregnancy. He understands both the physical pain of giving birth and the immense joy. He knows about PMS and cramps and menopause. He understands about rape and infertility and abortion. His last recorded words to his disciples were, "And, lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." (Matthew 28:20) He understands your mother-pain when your five-year-old leaves for kindergarten, when a bully picks on your fifth-grader, when your daughter calls to say that the new baby has Down syndrome. He knows your mother-rage when a trusted babysitter sexually abuses your two-year-old, when someone gives your thirteen-year-old drugs, when someone seduces your seventeen-year-old. He knows the pain you live with when you come home to a quiet apartment where the only children are visitors, when you hear that your former husband and his new wife were sealed in the temple last week, when your fiftieth wedding anniversary rolls around and your husband has been dead for two years. He knows all that. He's been there. He's been lower than all that. He's not waiting for us to be perfect. Perfect people don't need a Savior. He came to save his people in their imperfections. He is the Lord of the living, and the living make mistakes. He's not embarrassed by us, angry at us, or shocked. He wants us in our brokenness, in our unhappiness, in our guilt and our grief.You know that people who live above a certain latitude and experience very long winter nights can become depressed and even suicidal, because something in our bodies requires whole spectrum light for a certain number of hours a day. Our spiritual requirement for light is just as desperate and as deep as our physical need for light. Jesus is the light of the world. We know that this world is a dark place sometimes, but we need not walk in darkness. The people who sit in darkness have seen a great light, and the people who walk in darkness can have a bright companion. We need him, and He is ready to come to us, if we'll open the door and let him.
Dominic Riccitello|There was no unknown. He loved me and I loved him. There was no question, no doubt, no uncertainty, which perhaps caused us to lose ourselves indefinitely and enter a void so permanent. One where we stood with such confidence, which sounds lovely; but when you believe you have everything, you simply lose everything.
Taylor Swift|If you’re the girl that needs a boyfriend, and once she loses that boyfriend needs to replace it with a different boyfriend, it’s just this constant stream of boyfriends all the time. I don’t feel like I ever want to be that girl. I want to be the girl that when she falls in love, it’s a big deal and it’s a rare thing.
Sara Wolf, Brutal Precious|So long as I remain in Day's life, I will hurt him. Any other alternative is impossible.Now, he is free.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Instinct|I'm fascinated by idiots... Here's looking at you, kid!
Matshona Dhliwayo|At ten, you are foolish. At twenty, you are naive. At thirty, you are alert. At forty, you are experienced. At fifty, you are wise.
John Lautner|All the revision in the world will not save a bad first draft: for the architecture of the thing comes, or fails to come, in the first conception, and revision only affects the detail and ornament, alas!
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|In this era of public survival through continuous storytelling, people want someone who might surprise them.
Zadie Smith, The Autograph Man|Under every friendship there is a difficult sentence that must be said, in order that the friendship can be survived.
Marty Rubin|Said Buddha to the hot dog vendor, "make me one with everything.
Anne Blankman, Conspiracy of Blood and Smoke|Jace: Herondale, on the other hand, is melodic. Dulcet, one might say. Think of the sound of 'Clary Herondale.'Clary: Oh, my god, that sounds horrible.Jace: We all must sacrifice for love.
|No matter what it is that you are going through in life at the moment, stay strong and positive with your daily thoughts. Leave everything else that is beyond your power in God's hand, and then relax and watch time heal your wounds.
Debasish Mridha|Let us see our life through the lens of our love,we will find that life is amazing and magical.
Ludacris|The possibilities are endless now, with performing, getting your music online, getting your own website and getting your music out there. I think that's very cool and amazing.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Oleander time, she said. Lovers who kill each other now will blame it on the wind. 
Dawn O'Porter, Goose|Perhaps part of the uncanny allure of fashionable clothing resides in the paradoxical impact of its expressiveness: the act of covering up with mere dead matter--cloth, fur, leather, or even metal when it is ingeniously shaped to the purpose--appears to reveal something magical about the life inside.
Dale Mayer, Scales|When they were only a foot apart, both nude, she swayed toward him. He tugged her close, feeling her shock as heated skin met hot skin. God, he wanted her. His need was something he couldn't hide. Lord was she beautiful. Long, lean, muscled, but gently rounded everywhere."Are you--"Her mouth latched onto his, silencing him as she began to explore his body.Yeah, he;d have to say...she was sure.
Joey Lawsin|Time is the one resource we cannot manufacture or recapture."PLAN | PROMOTE | PROFIT © 2001 - 2016
John Cassavetes, Cassavetes on Cassavetes|Film is, to me, just unimportant. But people are very important.
Graydon Carter|We all have those dreams we've never let go of. But believe it or not, sometimes a job that we're not that keen on can help us achieve those dreams or goals.
Mika Yamamori, ひるなかの流星 4 [Hirunaka no Ryuusei 4]|I hoped with every ounce of my being that he would have the pleasure of knowing love and heartache in the way that I did. It might sound strange me wanting my five-year-old son to experience heartache, but without it I wouldn't have met his mother - a wonderful woman who taught me just how uncomplicated falling in love can be when it is with the right person, as well as highlighting the notion that timing is everything. If I had met her earlier in life I've no doubt that I'd have made a complete mess of the whole thing. I wouldn't have been ready to receive her love or to give the love I'd spent year accumulating.
Jared Matthew Kessler|Lead by example, not by instruction.
Brenda Sutton Rose|I know nothing about her. Just some books, and some stories she tried to tell me, and things I didn't understand, and I remember big red soft hands and that smell. I never knew who she really was. I mean, she must have been nine too, once.
Yo-Yo Ma|The power of music in Spanish is so strong, that I couldn't stay away from it any longer.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|Vic knelt by Lucas's side. 'You look like crap, by the way.''Thanks for breaking it to me gently.' Lucas took a deep breath, then groaned.
Lily Tomlin|Why is it that when we talk to God we’re said to be praying, but when God talks to us we’re schizophrenic?
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|Christ for the world, for the world needs Christ!
Chuck D|For some reason, it seems like pop writers, it's like they just get worse or something over time. And then you're really jealous of movie directors whose careers seem to grow and they'll be 70 years old and still doing these incredible jobs. I'm going to reverse that, I hope.
Fulton J. Sheen|The irony of Christianity is that believers get so angry, and self righteous toward other Christians who sin differently than they do. Christianity is like one large fraternity where brother and sisterhood is tested by hazing.
Joyce Meyer|Our testimonies, our closeness to our Father in Heaven, and our ability to serve and love and laugh and enjoy life do not depend on whether we are married or single. If we look to Christ for answers, He will give them. It also follows that with our increased devotion and understanding of Him, the happier and more complete we will become and the more we will comprehend our true worth in the sight of God.
Latika Teotia|Life is unpredictable as there are various forces at play and most of them are beyond your control. But, confidence in your own self and faith in the heart will help you brave even the worst of storms.
Linwood Barclay, The Accident|People whose own dreams aren't completed, help others to accomplish their dreams.
D.B. Reynolds, Raphael|Do you not tire of eternity? Do you not wish to end your suffering?""By leaping into the Void? Not really.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|And becoming aware of one's true inner nature, instinctive gut feelings, is not generally thought by those who experience it to be in conflict with the essence of one's spiritual knowledge, but more of a Gnostic direct experience of the Sacred experienced in the gut or all of nature that is greater than us and is connected to us through the gut instincts.
Samuel Goldwyn|When I learn something new - and it happens every day - I feel a little more at home in this universe, a little more comfortable in the nest.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|We love against the night, burning like stars against the darkness of bread and circuses.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|Hope might grant you a wish in the nick of time, Cosmic Ordering grants them all the time.
Suzanne Young, A Need So Beautiful|I'm out, surrounded in dark. But in the distance there is a small glow, a tiny light. Suddenly I'm standing alone, the space starting to brighten as the light grows.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|A nun I know once told me she kept begging God to take her character defects away from her. After years of this prayer, God finally got back to her: I'm not going to take anything away from you, you have to give it to Me.
Jake Neuman, Islam: Evil in the Name of God|True freedom is doing what Allah wants which is the defintion of freedom in Islam. The 'Abdullah is the only real hur because he is a servant and a slave to Allah and not to creation.The one who is a slave to himself is not free and will never be free until he is freed of himself.And this is why in arabic language the word for freed slave is also the word for master: "Maula"; like we call Allah "Maulana". So the freed slave is the one who is the master of himself.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Casy said, "Ol' Tom's house can't be more'n a mile from here. Ain't she over that third rise?"Sure," said Joad. "Less somebody stole it, like Pa stole it."Your pa stole it?"Sure, got it a mile an' a half east of here an' drug it. Was a family livin' there, an' they moved away. Grampa an' Pa an' my brother Noah like to took the whole house, but she wouldn't come. They only got part of her. That's why she looks so funny on one end. They cut her in two an' drug her over with twelve head of horses and two mules. They was goin' back for the other half an' stick her together again, but before they got there Wink Manley come with his boys and stole the other half. Pa an' Grampa was pretty sore, but a little later them an' Wink got drunk together an' laughed their heads off about it. Wink, he says his house is a stud, an' if we'll bring our'n over an' breed 'em we'll maybe get a litter of crap houses. Wink was a great ol' fella when he was drunk. After that him an' Pa an' Grampa was friends. Got drunk together ever' chance they got.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|And any room that I enter may become a sideshow tent where I must take my place upon a rickety old bench on the verge of collapse. Even now the Showman stands before my eyes. His stiff red hair moves a little toward one shoulder, as if he is going to turn his gaze upon me, and moves back again; then his head moves a little toward the other shoulder in this never-ending game of horrible peek-a-boo. I can only sit and wait, knowing that one day he will turn full around, step down from his stage, and claim me for the abyss I have always feared. Perhaps then I will discover what it was I did - what any of us did - to deserve this fate.
Sarah Hall, The Electric Michelangelo|One thing I will say, they often take it better than a man. Pain, that is. Probably the residue of tolerance from when they were all bloody witches and got stoned or burned or drowned for it, eh lad? Never tell your mother I said that, by the way.
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|Here, her hand in mine was the one reality that severed us from the cold click-clack of Hell. I rubbed her hand and she sighed; wasn’t that meaning? Wasn’t that something we could cling to? I could be with this other. I could form no other relation, but maybe her hand in mine was enough, both sufficient and necessary. In Hell there was no sense of place, because all places were the same. Uniform monotony. A place without place. A place without context. But, here, now, I could rub her hand and she would sigh. She was a difference. Perhaps each person was the only difference in all these halls of unchanging ranks of books, kiosks, clocks, and carpet, and that, and that, at least, we had to hold to.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Through the imagination and the human sense of creativity, the book will examine not only raw clinical data but philosophical perspectives as well. As within many moral fables, animals will be used, at times, to convey a a fundamental truth of human nature. More simply stated, animals that elicit human empathetic responses, will be examined in a religious context. So, starting with cats, dogs and ultimately other primates, as moral experiments of imagination, we can perhaps understand differing cognitive processes that could have shaped our religious purview. It might be even stated that they should shape our opinion, especially in a reevaluation of the spiritual present and coming future. When this happens, it will help humanity create a unique pristine outlook on its religious traditions.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sun stands out not because it merely shines, but because it shines on everyone.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Some attribute had departed from her, the permanence of which had been essential to keep her a woman. Such is frequently the fate, and such the stern development, of the feminine character and person, when the woman has encountered, and lived through, an experience of peculiar severity. If she be all tenderness, she will die. If she survive, the tenderness will either be crushed out of her, or—and the outward semblance is the same—crushed so deeply into her heart that it can never show itself more.
Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies|There is no use indicting words, they are no shoddier than what they peddle.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|There is strength in every struggle. Struggles create opportunities for you to become stronger, wiser and better. The moment you shift your thinking from "I cannot" to "I must," you will begin to see 'Beyond the Pain' and draw strength from within. Learn to see each obstacle as a stepping stone and watch your life change significantly.
Sotero M Lopez II|Never squander money, opportunity or a good wife. They all tend to end up in the hands of someone who won't.
Marietta Rodgers, The Bill|Excerpt from Magel's Daughter:"I think we're all like the lutefisk, steeped in poison, and then we try to clean it up for Christmas.
Teresa Toten, The Unlikely Hero of Room 13B|I sweat terror, Robyn! I'm scared every single second about every single goddamned thing. I worry obsessively about being buried under an avalanche of fear. Jesus, Robyn, I'm scared like only the truly crazy ca
Ken Poirot|Laurence felt a weird combination of shame and rage, as though he'd grown another new body part just in time to get punched in it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you dare ask questions, you will find the answers.
Joseph Fourier|[I was advised] to read Jordan's 'Cours d'analyse'; and I shall never forget the astonishment with which I read that remarkable work, the first inspiration for so many mathematicians of my generation, and learnt for the first time as I read it what mathematics really meant.
Amit Kalantri|Youth is the most suitable age to enjoy the life completely or to work diligently for the life, what you decide makes your rest of the life ordinary or legendary respectively.
Juliana Hatfield|I've always had a 'Work hard, play hard' attitude to life - I still do - but sometimes you get involved in something that needs a calm, methodical approach.
Alan Moore, Voice of the Fire|Trust in the fictive process, in the occult interweaving of text and event must be unwavering and absolute. This is the magic place, the mad place at the spark gap between word and world.
Wendell Berry|There are only two reasons to farm: because you have to, and because you love to. The ones who choose to farm choose for love.
Lee Tergesen|I don't need somebody behind a desk to tell me what a marketing survey says is funny. I got 3 million miles and 70,000 tickets sold, telling me that I know how to make people laugh.
T.S. Eliot|In the beauty of the mornings we forget about the night; in the beauty of the night we forget about the mornings! When you meet the beauty, you drop anchor in the present time and all other times disappear from your mind!
Howard Nemerov|I have a plot, but not much happens.
Nila N. Brown|When you read my stories, I want you to see the world through my eyes; as if I based my work on you. Come away with me, and I'll show you a world that you've never seen before or ever want to leave.
Hermann Hesse|At Night on the High SeasAt night, when the sea cradles meAnd the pale star gleamLies down on its broad waves,Then I free myself whollyFrom all activity and all the loveAnd stand silent and breathe purely,Alone, alone cradled by the seaThat lies there, cold and silent, with a thousand lights.Then I have to think of my friendsAnd my gaze sinks into their eyes,And I ask each one, silent and alone:"Are you still mine?Is my sorrow a sorrow to you, my death a death?Do you feel from my love, my grief,Just a breath, just an echo?"And the sea peacefully gazes back, silent,And smiles: NOAnd no greetings and no answers come from anywhere.
Dick Cavett|If your parents never had children, chances are you won’t either.
|Just because the economy is down, doesn't mean that your spirit has to be down with it.
Christine Stockton, Sluts|Sign is a live, contemporaneous, visual-gestural language and consists of hand shapes, hand positioning, facial expressions, and body movements. Simply put, it is for me the most beautiful, immediate, and expressive of languages, because it incorporates the entire human body.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Then the crying started. First one child, a little girl called Jen from across the street, then another, then another, until the June afternoon sounded like a vacation in hell.
Rahm Emanuel|Because of the president's leadership, every American will have access to affordable, quality health care.
Bentley Little|It’s a long story, but one you’ve never heard before. This story is about a place that dwells on the mountain; a place where bad things happen. And you may think you know about the bad things, you may decide you have it all figured out but you don’t. Because the truth is worse than monsters or men.
L.A. Kragie, Vampire Chimeras|Jaunting off together towards the bedroom doorway, they cast off their clothes, like caps at graduation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You soul is only satisfy with your soul-spirit, soul mate.
Peter L. Bergen|War is cruelty, and none can make it gentle.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Let us not underestimate how hard it is to be compassionate. Compassion is hard because it requires the inner disposition to go with others to place where they are weak, vulnerable, lonely, and broken. But this is not our spontaneous response to suffering. What we desire most is to do away with suffering by fleeing from it or finding a quick cure for it.
Wendy E. Long|It is proper that noble spirits, equipped with truth and enlightened with the Divine intelligence, should arm themselves against dense ignorance by climbing up to the high rock and tower of contemplation.
Natalia Jaster, Touch|Helios thought he looked pretty hot, and he had an annoying habit of calling the sun his "chick magnet.
Yelawolf|Most of the time, people look at a piece of art online when it is just a few blocks from their house. Changing the way you walk home everyday fills life with surprises.
Emily Thorne|The greatest weapon anyone can use against us is our own mind. By preying upon the doubts and uncertainities that already lurk there. Are we true to ourselves or do we live to the expectations of others? And if we are open and honest, can we ever truly be loved? Can we find the courage to release our deepest secrets? Or in the end are we all unknowable even to ourselves.
Robert S. Hichens|The cold seemed less relentless now. The small circle of white light from my bedside lamp and its hint of the dawn to come seemed to drive the worst of the chill away and the hot tea did the rest, as I lay and read further into the life of the young woman in the bravado coat.
Debasish Mridha|The incarnation took all that properly belongs to our humanity and delivered it back to us, redeemed. All of our inclinations and appetites and capacities and yearnings are purified and gathered up and glorified by Christ. He did not come to thin out human life; He came to set it free. All the dancing and feasting and processing and singing and building and sculpting and baking and merrymaking that belong to us, and that were stolen away into the service of false gods, are returned to us in the gospel.
Charles de Lint|The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, 'I've gotresponsibilities.
Heikki Kovalainen|Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|To live with integrity, it is important to know what's right and what's wrong, to be educated morally. However, merely KNOWING is not enough. Virtuous character matters more than moral knowledge. The reason is simple: like the self-confessing apostle Paul in Romans 7, most of those who do wrong know what's right but find themselves irresistibly attracted to its opposite. Faith idles when character shrivels
Chris Hemsworth|I actually think that the most efficacious way of making a difference is to lead by example, and doing random acts of kindness is setting a very good example of how to behave in the world.
Regina Dugan|Good fortune and talent are both ingredients of success, but like any recipe, they can be substituted with clever alternatives. The one irreplaceable ingredient I've found, however, is work.
Kate Chopin|Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
Linda Goodman, Linda Goodman's Sun Signs|Lots of people like rainbows. Children make wishes on them, artists paint them, dreamers chase them, but the Aquarian is ahead of everybody. He lives on one. What's more, he's taken it apart and examined it, piece by piece, color by color, and he still believes in it. It isn't easy to believe in something after you know what it's really like, but the Aquarian is essentially a realist, even though his address is tomorrow, with a wild-blue-yonder zip code.
Ellen J. Barrier|The person who is rich is the one who possess kindness, caring, help others when needed, gives things that money can't buy, and spend time with those who need someone to listen to their stories. Sometimes money isn't needed.
Joni Eareckson Tada|There is this fine line between presenting to You all of my weakness and thinking that it can't be done. In Your strength, I find my own.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|Do you think I care if Aslan dooms me to death?” said the King. “That would be nothing, nothing at all. Would it not be better to be dead than to have this horrible fear that Aslan has come and is not like the Aslan we have believed in and longed for? It is as if the sun rose one day and were a black sun.
Klaudio Marashi|The hardest thing of all, is just standing in front of a mirror and not recognizing the reflection.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|A cell has a nucleus and some other parts like membranes, plasmas and other stuff. Its energy is made up of protons, neurons and electrons. Genetic scientists, however, have discovered that the majority of a cell is made up of something unknown. Something akin to space filled with electromagnetic fibers of light. The human body is made up of some 37 trillion cells. What do you think you are made of? Who do you think you are?
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|The greatest and most powerful revolutions often start very quietly, hidden in the shadows. Remember that.
Leonardo DiCaprio|My subject is War, and the pity of War. The Poetry is in the pity.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|We took off for the tree line, leaving the wounded soldiers to wonder how they'd been beaten by four misfits and a horse.
Terry A. O'Neal|It was as if someone had leftthe bird thereas a kind of telegramof feathers, oily feathersthat looked like they’d struggled,shuttered a little before letting gointo flightforever.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the pages of a book, we are in paradise.
Ford Madox Ford|You may ask why I write. And yet my reasons are quite many. For it is not unusual in human beings who have witnessed the sack of a city or the falling to pieces of a people to desire to set down what they have witnesses for the benefit of unknown heirs or of generations infinitely remote; or, if you please, just to get the sight out of their heads.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|A message was sent by the regime to the faithful: to survive they would have to be loyal to only one interpretation of the faith, and to accept the new political role of the clergy. Father felt that this spelled the end of Islam in our country, and he did have a point. 'No foreign power,' he said, 'could destroy Islam the way these people have.
Dion Fortune, Esoteric Orders and Their Work and The Training and Work of the Initiate|Like wind-- In it, with it, of it. Of it just like a sail, so light and strong that, even when it is bent flat, it gathers all the power of the wind without hampering its course.Like light-- In light, lit through by light, transformed into light. Like the lens which disappears in the light it focuses.Like wind. Like light.Just this--on these expanses, on these heights.
Beth Gutcheon, More Than You Know|Books were my pass to personal freedom. I learned to read at age three, and there discovered was a whole world to conquer that went beyond our farm in Mississippi.
Patrick O'Brian, H.M.S. Surprise|He's charmed by her as if she were some fairy!" continued Arabella. "See how he looks round at her, and lets his eyes rest on her. I am inclined to think that she don't care for him quite so much as he does for her. She's not a particular warm-hearted creature to my thinking, though she cares for him pretty middling much-- as much as she's able to; and he could make her heart ache a bit if he liked to try--which he's too simple to do.
Ray Palla, SIMPLE TRIPLE STANDARD|Many people take a very low view of politicians, but that is exactly how they conduct their social interactions daily
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is an essential part of the whole experience of living. Although it will not help predict the future or how people will behave, using intuition as a guide makes life more rewarding. It helps you follow what seems to be the right path, even when social convention or common sense appears to tell differently
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Nim looked aghast. “Of course not. Do you think my future wife would be a servant? No—it’s Number Seven of the wives. Her name is Begonia.”“Oh, no, Nim,” Vesper said. “You can’t fall for one of the wives! She’s married. And to the king, no less. That’s illegal. Maybe it shouldn’t be, but you’ll still probably be arrested if anyone finds out—or worse.”“I knew you’d say that,” Nim said, turning away. “You’re such a prude, Vesper. Love is above things like rules. And the king has so many wives and mistresses—he doesn’t even remember all of them.
Martin Amis|When sitting in an armchair isn't enough… I write. What I mean is that when it no longer suffices to sit and dream about travelling to other times, other places, I write about them instead. A most economical and safe form of time travel.
Joe R. Lansdale, Act of Love|Marvin: – La necrofilia ce l’abbiamo sepolta dentro. Uno dei miei libri, Storia della tortura e della morte, parla delle atrocità che abbiamo commesso in nome della giustizia e della vendetta. Spesso erano peggiori dei crimini originali. L’uomo è un animale sanguinario.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Yes an atheist priest can perfectly minister to a believing congregation and miracles can happen in that congregation. Miracles depend on the faith of the believer, not that of the officiant. A bartender who never takes alcohol can serve alcohol to his clients. What is necessary is that the priest believes he is doing the good work. The congregation needs faith and it helps them. It would be evil to deny them such a service in the name of his lack of faith. - Bangambiki Habyarimana
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Review and question what you already know or have. In most ball sports and games, you confirm whether you have scored by checking whether the ball has gone into the goal or hit its target. So evaluation of results means that you must look at your goal to see if the ball has hit its target. Look at your educational aspirations or dreams and say “am I on track to meet my 2020 PhD target?
Stuart Firestein|I think that the root of Willful Ignorance, is Fear. We'll return to that in a minute. But the root of Fear, is Simple Ignorance, at least I think that our original Fear is rooted in simply not understanding the World around us: not knowing.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|The good news of the kingdom is not freedom from hardship, suffering, and loss. It is the news of a Redeemer who has come to scue me from myself. 
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|But as you are surely aware, forgiveness doesn't mean you let the forgiven stomp all over you once again. Forgiveness means you've found a way forward that acknowledges harm done and hurt caused without letting either your anger or your pain rule your life or define your relationship with the one who did you wrong.
John Dewey|There are many problems, but I think there is a solution to all these problems; it's just one, and it's education.
Pamela Meyer|Myth and fairy-story must, as all art, reflect and contain in solution elements of moral and religious truth (or error), but not explicit, not in the known form of the primary 'real' world.
Stacey T. Hunt|To be inspired is great, but to inspire is an honor.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Julia was as happy as Betsy was, almost. One nice thing about Julia was that she rejoiced in other people's luck.
Angie karan|Life can be so wonderful when simplicity, passion and love is involved in everything we do !
Lori Gottlieb, Marry Him: The Case for Settling for Mr. Good Enough|What makes for a good marriage isn't necessarily what makes for a good romantic relationship. Marriage isn't a passion-fest; it's a partnership formed to run a very small, mundane and often boring non-profit business. And I mean this in a good way.
Jennifer St. Giles, The Mistress of Trevelyan|Don't live life hiding behind your past. Live for the moment. When you find someone you want to spend forever with, you don't let them go, whether forever turns out to be a day, a year or fifty years
Faith Evans|In all seriousness, it really should be difficult for me to be too strange. After all, a great family raised me.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|Behind every wall and every mirror and every vent, I hear sounds: breathing, rustling, footsteps, and murmurs. I try to tell myself it’s just mice making their nests behind the barriers, but since when do rodents whisper?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed. "I suppose she thinks you don't forget your name. But we're not stupid-we know we're called Gred and Forge.
Jayendra Puri Goswami, The Creator's Child|...It’s the beauty of this world, that is so alive that if we see properly, we’d know that heaven is no different than our Planet Earth, which is cared by our Mother Nature. It’s so beautiful…
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|Everyone is pretty enough in the dark,”she whispered.“No, they are not.” He kissed her beforepulling back abruptly, willing himself to stop.
Sami Abouzid|People, who do so little for you, always try to ruin your life
John Ray|I come from a really big family, my father was a businessman and what he always instilled in us was to be your own boss. My father built up his business, and he was by no means a rich man, but he figured out how to work four-and-a-half days a week.
Beth Brower, The Q|I turn away from the smell of death, pressing my lavender scented handkerchief as tight as I can against my nose.
Paul McCartney|When you were young, and your heart, was an open book. You used to say, live and let live.
Jesse Cozean|One thing I've noticed since I quit drinking is that a person usually has two or three sets of impulses scratching away at some internal door at any given time. If you're sober--if you're alert, and paying attention to those impulses, and not yielding to the instinct to anesthetize them--you can receive a lot of guidance about where to go, what to do next in life.
Ouida, Wisdom, Wit, and Pathos of Ouida|In any case, you must remember, my dearest, that the main strength of innocence is innocence itself. farewell.
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|And why had those prayers been focused heavenward? Well, it kind of made sense, didn't it? Even when there were no more options for the body, the heart's wishes find a way out, and as with all warmth, love rises. Besides, the will to fly was in the nature of the soul, so its home had to be up above.
Philip Roth, Portnoy's Complaint|In school we chanted, along with our teacher, I am the Captain of my fate, I am the Master of my soul, and meanwhile, within my own body, an anarchic insurrection had been launched by one of my privates- which I was helpless to put down!
Hans Urs von Balthasar|'A Court of Thorns and Roses' was actually inspired by three of my all-time-favorite fairy/folktales: 'Beauty and the Beast,' 'East of the Sun, West of the Moon' and 'Tam Lin.' I got the kernel of inspiration by wondering: 'What if 'Beauty' was a huntress?'
Rand Charles|Fortune would be in a hard mood indeed if it allowed such a combination of knowledge, experience, ability, and enthusiasm to achieve nothing.
Gene Edward Veith Jr., Loving God with All Your Mind: Thinking as a Christian in a Postmodern World|Many modern artists, philosophers, and theologians reject the knowledge of the past. Thus they must continually start over again from ground zero, their vision restricted to their own narrow perspectives, making themselves artificially primitive.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|Some offer their out-flowing breath into the breath that flows in; and the in-flowing breath into the breath that flows out; they aim at Pranayama, breath-harmony, and the flow of their breath is in peace.
Brooke Holmes, The Symptom and the Subject: The Emergence of the Physical Body in Ancient Greece|by the late fifth century, the identities of those excluded from full personhood—women, slaves, barbarians—are being increasingly understood in terms of the difficulty or impossibility of mastering the daemonic tendencies in their bodies, while the identities of free men grow more dependent on their capacity for keeping the body under control.
Colin Trevorrow|When I'm home, I spend Sunday with my husband. If we're not cooking, we travel around in our camper, stop at fast-food restaurants, and picnic. We love that stuff that will harden your arteries in a hurry.
Guy Fieri|There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Life can be simple, it ain't easy. So don't take the easy option. Challenge the resistance, challenge yourself, become great
Somaly Mam, The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine|I don't feel like I can change the world. I don't even try. I only want to change this small life that I see standing in front of me, which is suffering.
Ben Macintyre, Agent Zigzag: A True Story of Nazi Espionage, Love, and Betrayal|The policemen agreed they were living with a most peculiar fellow. One moment he was reading classical literature in the original French and quoting Tennyson, and the next he would be discussing the best way to blow up a train.
Kathleen Depperschmidt, The Tip of Your Tongue: A Speech Therapist Tribute to the Power of Communication Lost and Found|All canonical writing possesses the quality "of making you feel strangeness at home.
Robert B. Parker, Pastime|He wears jeans, untucked shirts, and a Glock 19, and he has a big shaggy dog named Bob.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|It’s a bizarre act of self-mutilation to say that ‘I don’t get on with science fiction and fantasy, therefore I’m never going to read any’. What a shame. All those great books that you’re cutting yourself off from.
Suzy  Davies|I want to sling a stone, a small rock into a pool, see it ripple. I want to shake a tree, create a small storm..
Sunday Adelaja|Spirituality is more about whether or not we can sleep at night than about whether or not we go to church. It is about being integrated or falling apart, about being within community or being lonely, about being in harmony with Mother Earth or being alienated from her.
Josh Rushing, Mission Al-Jazeera: Build a Bridge, Seek the Truth, Change the World|Despite the fact that an Indonesian island chicken has probably had a much more natural life than one raised on a battery farm in England, people who wouldn't think twice about buying something oven-ready become much more upset about a chicken that they've been on a boat with, so there is probably buried in the Western psyche a deep taboo about eating anything you've been introduced to socially.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Prim... Rue... aren't they the very reason I have to try to fight? Because what has been done to them is so wrong, so beyond justification, so evil that there is no choice? Because no one had the right to treat them as they have been treated? Yes. This is the thing to remember when fear threatens to swallow me up.
G.K. Chesterton, Eugenics and Other Evils: An Argument Against the Scientifically Organized State|The thing that really is trying to tyrannize through government is Science. The thing that really does use the secular arm is Science. And the creed that really is levying tithes and capturing schools, the creed that really is enforced by fine and imprisonment, the creed that really is proclaimed not in sermons but in statues, and spread not by pilgrims but by policemen—that creed is the great but disputed system of thought which began with Evolution and has ended in Eugenics. Materialism is really our established Church; for the government will really help it to persecute its heretics…I am not frightened of the word ‘persecution’…It is a term of legal fact. If it means the imposition by the police of a widely disputed theory, incapable of final proof—then our priests are not now persecuting, but our doctors are.
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|His feet went banging down some stairs. He closed his eyes. They went through cinders and dirt, his heels gathering small windrows of trash. A dim world receded above his upturned toes, shapes of skewed shacks erupted bluely in the niggard lamplight. The rusting carcass of an automobile passed slowly on his right. Dim scenes pooling in the summer night, wan ink wash of junks tilting against a paper sky, rorschach boatmen poling mutely over a mooncobbled sea. He lay with his head on the moldy upholstery of an old car seat among packingcrates and broken shoes and suncrazed rubber toys in the dark. Something warm was running on his chest. He put up a hand. I am bleeding. Unto my death.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You are given a life, a death. Understand both while living, and before dying. Or you'd have wasted a life, a death.
John Eldredge, Wild At Heart|Deep in his heart, every man longs for a battle to fight, an adventure to live, and a beauty to rescue.
Confucius|Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape; that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
St. Louis de Montfort, The Secret Of The Rosary|Pack is for comfort when you hurt, I thought, putting my head back down. And for the first time in a long time, maybe the first time ever, I appreciated being a part of one.
Devon Sawa|Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
Gaspar Noé|Top question of the dying: "What made me sick?
James M.  Robinson, Fireship Nascence|Unfortunately, 'post racism' is also a myth, like unicorns and black people who survive to the end of a horror movie.
Bodil Bredsdorff, The Crow-Girl: The Children of Crow Cove|You will find two kinds of people in the world. Some say that there are the bad and the good. But it isn’t like that. Since what is good for one may be bad for another. No, that doesn’t work. You have to depend on your intuition.“There are those who make you feel inside as if you are drinking a good, warm soup – even if you are hungry and the two of you have nothing to eat. In spite of that they nourish you.“And then there are those who cause you to freeze inside, even if you are sitting before a roaring fire and have eaten your fill. Those you should keep away from. They are not good for you, even though others might say that they are good people…
Syrie James, Dracula, My Love: The Secret Journals of Mina Harker|But I could not fully admit it, even then. The way Suzanne's face looked as she watched him - I wanted to be with her. I thought that loving someone acted as a kind of protective measure, like they'd understand the scale and intensity of your feelings and act accordingly.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|When you shine a bright light, a secret loses all its power.
Jim Bunning|You know, when Republicans were in charge, we doubled the debt. But, now, our concern is the Democrats are in charge and they're tripling the debt. So, really, our concern is that we want smaller government.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|THE CORRECTION, when it finally came, was not an overnight bursting of a bubble but a much more gentle letdown, a year-long leakage of value from key financial markets, a contraction too gradual to generate headlines and too predictable to seriously hurt anybody but fools and the working poor.
Nicole Nordeman|At my core, I know this: God is God. All that lives and breathes flows from him in both original and ongoing states.
Carrie Fisher, Wishful Drinking|But Hey, Guess What Crazy means I'm not liablefor my actions. So screw it, I'll go home, propped up on Prozac against distractions
Erik Pevernagie|Many buy gadgets they don’t really need, with money they don’t have, for people they don’t actually care for, while infringing their corporeal and financial capacities, in order to pay doctors and psychiatrists.( "Keeping up with the Joneses")
Jonathan Haidt|But if you put individuals together in the right way, such that some individuals can use their reasoning powers to disconfirm the claims of others, and all individuals feel some common bond or shared fate that allows them to interact civilly, you create a group that ends up producing good reasoning as an emergent property of the social system. This is why it's so important to have intellectual & ideological diversity.
Jennifer Estep, Spider's Bite|If I write what I feel, it's to reduce the fever of feeling. What I confess is unimportant, because everything is unimportant.
Agata Pyzik, Poor But Sexy: Culture Clashes in Europe East and West|And sometimes," she added, in a slightly hushed tone, like she was letting me in on a secret, "if you don't feel great on the inside, just look great on the outside, and after a while you won't be able to tell the difference.
Louise Slaughter|I don't think healthcare's a right. The only right you have is the ability to go out on an even playing field and work, and then purchase health insurance, or whatever it is.
Shannon L. Alder|If you can understand human behavior, it can’t hurt you nearly as much.
Judith Butler, Undoing Gender|I'm no great fan of the phallus, and have made my own views known on this subject before, so I do not propose a return to a notion of the phallus as the third term in any and all relations of desire.
Abraham Lincoln|Gender equality is more than a goal in itself. It is a precondition for meeting the challenge of reducing poverty, promoting sustainable development and building good governance.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|My war had been so long, my winter so cold. But i had made it home. And for the first time in a long time, i was not afraid.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|What was on the other side?"Donna said, "He said there was another world on the other side. He could see it.""He... never went through it?""That’s why he kicked the shit out of everything in his apartment; he never thought of going through it, he just admired the doorway and then later he couldn’t see it at all and it was too late. It opened for him a few days and then it was closed and gone forever.
Kakashi Sensei|Sorry I'm late, I'm afraid I got lost on the path of life
John Paul II|True freedom is not advanced in the permissive society, which confuses freedom with license to do anything whatever and which in the name of freedom proclaims a kind of general amorality. It is a caricature of freedom to claim that people are free to organize their lives with no reference to moral values, and to say that society does not have to ensure the protection and advancement of ethical values. Such an attitude is destructive of freedom and peace.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|Because of propaganda induced cognitive dissonance, most people hate themselves and don't even know it.
Craig Raine|Begin with the soft smelted upturned heart-shaped mouth made for smiling a smile kept for kindness, tenderness, incapable of malice. Am I going too fast for you?The almond eyes see out through their sleepy epicanthic fold. Trusting and calm, if a flicker from slowness, a further flicker from stupidity.Settled in slow-motion beauty, heart-breaking beauty.
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Love is a fire that burns unseen,a wound that aches yet isn’t felt,an always discontent contentment,a pain that rages without hurting,a longing for nothing but to long,a loneliness in the midst of people,a never feeling pleased when pleased,a passion that gains when lost in thought.It’s being enslaved of your own free will;it’s counting your defeat a victory;it’s staying loyal to your killer.But if it’s so self-contradictory,how can Love, when Love chooses,bring human hearts into sympathy?
Atul Gawande|Several years ago, I realized that I didn’t want to spend all my life in medicine. It had me in a sort of spiritual box, like a plant whose roots are getting crowded. I felt I wasn’t growing. So I promised myself that I would quit while I still had the energy to get involved in something new. There’s nothing wrong with medicine. There’s more paperwork, more lawsuits, less understanding between doctors and patients. But it’s still a great business. But not for me - not any longer.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|You are very kind," he said. "Very wrong, but very kind.
Elie Wiesel, The Night Trilogy: Night, Dawn, the Accident|They were of the past, and the past always mends itself, no matter how me interfere.
Hilary Grossman, Plan Bea|...nightly rolling of Mother Ocean ("It's all right, it's all right; everything is calm; we are just eating every thing that moves in here, dry people")..."p.57
|The main purpose of education isn't just to receive a certification that leads to a career, but to become a well-rounded person in so many aspects of life.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|It looked like the sort of book described in library catalogues as 'slightly foxed', although it would be more honest to admit that it looked as though it had been badgered, wolved and possibly beared as well.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|You don't understand, you fool' says Yegor, looking dreamily up at the sky. 'You've never understood what kind of person I am, nor will you in a million years... You just think I'm a mad person who has thrown his life away... Once the free spirit has taken hold of a man, there's no way of getting it out of him.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The camera was a hand-held auxiliary of wanting-to-know. It had more than information and accuracy to teach me. I learned in the doing how ready I had to be. Life doesn't hold still. A good snapshot stopped a moment from running away. Photography taught me that to be able to capture transience, by being ready to click the shutter at the crucial moment, was the greatest need I had. Making pictures of people in all sorts of situations, I learned that every feeling waits upon its gesture, and I had to be prepared to recognize this moment when I saw it. These were things a writer needed to know. And I felt the need to hold transient life in words - there's so much more of life that only words can convey - strongly enough to last me as long as I lived. The direction my mind took was a writer's direction from the start, not a photographer's or a recorder's.
Anton Chekhov|Little girls ought to be taught and brought up with boys, so that they might be always together. A woman ought to be trained so that she may be able, like a man, to recognise when she's wrong, or she always thinks she's in the right. Instil into a little girl from her cradle that a man is not first of all a cavalier or a possible lover, but her neighbour, her equal in everything. Train her to think logically, to generalise, and do not assure her that her brain weighs less than a man's and that therefore she can be indifferent to the sciences, to the arts, to the tasks of culture in general. The apprentice to the shoemaker or the house painter has a brain of smaller size than the grown-up man too, yet he works, suffers, takes his part in the general struggle for existence. We must give up our attitude to the physiological aspect, too -- to pregnancy and childbirth, seeing that in the first place women don't have babies every month; secondly, not all women have babies; and, thirdly, a normal countrywoman works in the fields up to the day of her confinement and it does her no harm. Then there ought to be absolute equality in everyday life. If a man gives a lady his chair or picks up the handkerchief she has dropped, let her repay him in the same way. I have no objection if a girl of good family helps me to put on my coat or hands me a glass of water --
Robert Letham|Christ is God (Rom. 9:5). Jesus is Lord (Rom. 10:9, 12-13; 14:5-9; 2 Cor. 4:5; 12:8-10; Phil. 2:9-11 [expressly after the Resurrection]; Col. 2:6; 1 Tim. 6:3; Titus 2:13 [where he is called God and Savior]; Heb. 1:3-14). Christ is the image of God (2 Cor. 4:4; Col. 1:15), in the form of God (Phil. 2:5). The fullness of God dwells in him (Col. 1:19; 2:9). He is in God (Col. 3:3). God and Christ are often coupled together (2 Cor. 10:4-6; Col. 2:2; 1 Tim. 5:21; 2 Tim. 4:1; Heb. 13:20), as is the Lord Jesus Christ with our God and Father (Rom. 15:5-7, 8; 1 Cor. 8:6;2 2 Cor. 1:3; 11:31; Eph. 1:3; Col. 1:3; 1 Thess. 3:11, 13; 5:23; 2 Thess. 1:5-10; 2:16; 3:5).
Pope Benedict XVI, God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est|If in my life I fail completely to heed others, solely out of a desire to be 'devout' and to perform my 'religious duties', then my relationship with God will also grow arid. It becomes merely 'proper', but loveless.
Aldous Huxley, Point Counter Point|GHOSTS IN THE MINDThere are no ghosts among the livingThe only real ghosts exist in our mindsSo fear not the dead but the livingBecause the living can harm but not their ghostHave you ever seen a dead man risen?Don’t you see that nobody comes from the grave? It’s because the dead are nice to each otherEven the vilest repent, and are kind to their neighborsEach one content with the land of their lying
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.
Maxim Gorki|...Vezi câte s-au întâmplat odinioară?... În zilele noastre însă nu mai întâlnești nimic, nici fapte, nici oameni, nici poveşti ca cele din trecut... Oare de ce?... Ia spune-mi! Aşa-i că nu poți să-mi spui?!... Ce știi tu? Ce știți voi tinerii? Ehei! Privește cu luare-aminte în trecut... şi acolo vei găsi răspuns la toate... Da voi nu vreți să vă uitați în urmă, şi, de aceea, nu știți să trăiți...Parcă eu nu văd cum e viața de astăzi? Ah, văd prea bine, cu toate că mi-a slăbit vederea! Văd că oamenii nu mai trăiesc, ci doar încearcă să trăiască, istovindu-şi în zadar toată vlaga din ei... Şi după ce s-au prădat chiar pe ei, pierzându-şi vremea în zadar, încep să se plângă de soartă. Ce amestec are ea în toate acestea? Fiecare își croiește singur soarta lui! În ziua de azi văd tot felul de oameni, dar oameni puternici nu mai văd!
John    Manning, The Disciplined Leader: Keeping the Focus on What Really Matters|Nobody is rewarded for occupying a position, but for becoming effective in the position occupied. If you occupy a position, you must have the weight of influence in order to matter!
Claire North, The End of the Day|Until you have not been free, you cannot understand what freedom means.
James Surowiecki|I have tried every diet to lose weight. When you restrict yourself, you're setting yourself up for failure.
Marigold Wellington|Man is born in order to think (there he is, Kirill, finally!). Except that I don't believe that. I've never believed it, and I still don't believe it, and what man is born for -I have no idea. He's born, that's all. Scrapes by as best he can.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|To be happy, you need to dothe right thing for you,even when it feels like thehardest thing in the world.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|She wasn't happy, but then she wasn't unhappy. She wasn't anything. But I don't believe anyone is a nothing. There has to be something inside, if only to keep the skin from collapsing. This vacant eye, listless hand, this damask cheek dusted like a doughnut with plastic powder, had to have a memory or a dream.
Wendell Berry, Another Turn of the Crank|Industrial medicine is as little interested in ecological health as is industrial agriculture. (Health Is Membership, pg. 98)
Jaeda DeWalt|Healing is more about accepting the pain and finding a way to peacefully co-exist with it. In the sea of life, pain is a tide that will ebb and weave, continually.We need to learn how to let it wash over us, without drowning in it. Our life doesn't have to end where the pain begins, but rather, it is where we start to mend.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|A poem, novel, or play acquires all of humanity's disorders, including the fear of mortality
|When time consistently meets positivity, negative situations turn into testimonies.
J.K. Rowling|This has to be a joke. After all, an owl hadn't dropped a letter down my fireplace to let me know I'd been accepted into a special school, and I certainly hadn't taken an enchanted train to get to Kinsley High.
Chloe Jacobs, Greta and the Lost Army|You may be sure of appearing as good, safe, stay-at-home wife material, and he will have the utmost respect for you, as he would for a faithful cook, but he’ll not respect you for the one most important asset every woman who has the wherewithal to employ it—you looks! Vanity not only keeps a woman young, but also gives her something to live for, and if you get saddled to a man who stifles this basic female urge, yet ogles its effects in other women, he could well be knocking years off your life.
Dada Bhagwan|Without the 'applied awareness' of the Soul, 'happiness' cannot arise.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you want to kill someone and get away with it, become a cop.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|If I can give one bit of advice to any drama major, high school theater kid, or inmate who is reading this in a prison library with dreams of being cast in he prison play, its this: write your own part. It is the only way I've gotten anywhere. It is much harder work, but sometimes you ave to take destiny into your own hands.
Santosh Kalwar|Every day is a journey filled with twists and turns. Every day, if you smile, you will feel alive, my son.
Megalyn Echikunwoke|If it's an amazing role, I'll do anything.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|Us women, no matter how crude we are with one another,we must always remember that we have two enemies in common.” The three of us look at each other confused, then back at Ms. Eleanor waiting for her to answer.“Men,” she sighs, still staring off. “And old age.
Moosa Rahat|Money is not a problem, your poor mentality is.
Joyce Carol Oates|The beautiful unruliness of literature is what makes it so much fun to wander through: you read Jane Austen and you say, oh, that is IT. And then you turn around and read Sterne, and you say, Man, that is IT. And then you wander across a century or so, and you run into Kafka, or Calvino, or Cortazar, and you say, well that is IT. And then you stroll through what Updike called the grottos of Ulysses, and after that you consort with Baldwin or Welty or Spencer, or Morrison, or Bellow or Fitzgerald and then back to W. Shakespeare, Esq; the champ, and all the time you feel the excitement of being in the presence of IT. And when you yourself spend the good time writing, you are not different in kind than any of these people, you are part of that miracle of human invention. So get to work. Get on with IT, no matter how difficult IT is. Every single gesture, every single stumble, every single uninspired-feeling hour, is worth IT." Richard Bausch
Kate Mulgrew, Born with Teeth|She [my mother] tapped my hand lightly with her fingers and, looking out the window, said, "You know, I've missed having a mother. It's a gaping hole. I think having a mother is one of the great things in life--one of the only things that can save you. I'm always looking for my mother and, frankly, Kitten, it's becoming exhausting, so I thought I'd ask you if you would be my mother. You just have that way about you. You're not really what anyone would call a typical daughter, but I think you have exactly what it takes to be a mother. Don't you think it's a good idea?
Emily P. Freeman, Grace for the Good Girl: Letting Go of the Try-Hard Life|Picture a girl with her arms full of small packages, too many to hold all at once. When they topple and fall all around her, she stoops down and scoops them all back up, literally re-collecting all the gifts that are already hers. To set your mind is to recollect truth that already belongs to you.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|When you change the way you see and interpret events, suddenly everything will be different for you. Everything will make sense.
Elaine  White, Right Kind of Wrong|You let this become a mess,” he cursed, as though he'd walked up to Tam and asked him to be drop dead gorgeous and vulnerable, just so that he would have his first guy crush.“I didn't let anything happen. I just…felt it. I think he feels it too,” he argued, trying to talk sense into him. Why was this a bad thing? Konnor didn't have anything to do with Tam anymore, so why did it matter?“Oh God. You're in serious shit now,” Mack bemoaned, rolling his eyes and rubbing his forehead.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|She hasn’t got it all figured out...far from it, in fact.But she loves God and she loves to dance…and she’s her own “Better Half.”The bravest woman I know?She is the reason I do what I do.She is The Single Woman.She’s me…and she’s you.
Tim Walberg|Radio interoperability is essential for our police, fire, and emergency medical service departments to communicate with each other in times of emergency.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|We know amazingly little about what happens beneath our feet. It is fairly remarkable to think that Ford has been building cars and baseball has been playing World Series for longer than we have known that the Earth has a core. And of course the idea that the continents move about on the surface like lily pads has been common wisdom for much less than a generation. Strange as it may seem, wrote Richard Feynman, "we understand the distribution of matter in the interior of the Sun far better than we understand the interior of the Earth.
James E. Faust|Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love.
Toni Sorenson|Your on your way, beauty at every turn.You will find challenge and wonder along the way. Others will seek their beauty on your path. The journey is first the destination last
Adam Rodriguez|If guys don't respect themselves, they don't respect other people. That's times and personalities. And all of them are not that way. But it don't take but one or two to screw up the whole crowd.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Jesus is the perfect name!He who put away his fame!And persecuted in shame!That you will never be the same!It's because of you and I He came!Believe him or have yourself to blame!In the book of life, have your name!
Emmuska Orczy, The Scarlet Pimpernel|It's not fair!" (Ryssa)Because life was ever about fairness.Oh, to be as naive as his sister.
Urie Bromfenbrennner, The Ecology of Human Development: Experiments by Nature and Design|If the children and youth of a nation are afforded opportunity to develop their capacities to the fullest, if they are given the k nowledge to understand the world and the wisdom to change it, then the prospects for the future are bright. In contrast, a society which neglects its children, however well it may function in other respects, risks eventual disorganization and demise.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|This book might also be seen as “a Christian primer.” A primer teaches us how to read. Reading is not just about learning to recognize and pronounce words, but also about how to hear and understand them. This book’s purpose is to help us to read, hear, and inwardly digest Christian language without preconceived understandings getting in the way.
Veronica Rossi, Roar and Liv|Doubters don't mean a damn thing. I doubt it'll rain tomorrow, but that doesn't mean I control the rain. What I think has no bearing on what is. The wise ask questions, Perry. The weak doubt.
Aubrey de Grey|Measured in time of transport and communication, the whole round globe is now smaller than a small European country was a hundred years ago.
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|This is the Hour of Lead – Remembered, if outlived, As Freezing persons, recollect the Snow – First – Chill – then Stupor – then the letting go –
Jessica M. Collette, Your Special Star|You are a cool cemetery.You have the sinner’s graveYou have the saint’s earthcollidingYou have all the bedsnarrow as a knife;as if a rally of tombstones to defend death.But you can’t really postponethe inauguration of my burial,can you?From the poem - Few Words to Cemetery
Simone de Beauvoir, The Woman Destroyed|Logically enough, the office and the nunnery have been singularly popular in the imaginations of pornographers. We should not be surprised to learn that the erotic novels of the early modern period were overwhelmingly focused on debauchery and flagellation amongst clergy in vespers and chapels, just as contemporary Internet pornography is inordinately concerned with fellatios and sodomies performed by office workers against a backdrop of work stations and computer equipment.
Robert Bly|My father was an Episcopalian minister, and I've always been comforted by the power of prayer.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|…struck. Once. And into that blow he put his childhood, his grief, his loss. He put his mother’s sorrow and his sister’s longing. The menorah, weighed down with that, crushed the Hermit’s skull.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|In order to be a success, you must think like success. Get up and move! You got to make things happen.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Fraulein Schmidt and Mr Anstruther|Love is not a thing you can pick up and throw into the gutter and pick up again as the fancy takes you. I am a person, very unfortunately for you, with a quite peculiar dread of thrusting myself or my affections on any one, of in any way outstaying my welcome. The man I would love would be the man I could trust to love me for ever. I do not trust you. I did outstay my welcome once. I did get thrown into the gutter, and came near drowning in that sordid place.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|Meditation and mindfulness are tools for working with the mind, but where they have led me is to a blossoming of the heart...
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|Feel no regret for roses, autumn too has its delights...How could she say that? Didn't she see that for us there could never be autumn, that we could never sit, as anyone else could sit, beside the fire all day on Sundays in November; that September's leaves, that fall for man and beast alike, were not our leaves to walk in; that October storms would never find us sharing an umbrella? The love of spring had thrived on wine and candles; now in the August of our lives, we needed newspapers and comfortable chairs. But it was impossible. No autumn--only a cold wind that blew through our summer, freezing the leaves in their places before they could motley and fall.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|I can't give up on anyone either, even someone who's burned every bridge like Drake Schultz. Getting him to deal with his insecurities and whatever it is he's trying to hide. It's this never-ending cycle of self-hatred that I have to address before I can even think about doing anything else with him. I have to put him to the test. Just how far gone is he? How good of a liar has he become?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|How much have we not seen or felt or heard because there was no word for it -- at least no word we knew? We speak to navigate ourselves away from dark corners and we become, each one of us, cartographers.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|The heart of compromise is the willingness of all parties to sacrifice reciprocally and equally for the greater good of a relationship. Reconciling conflicting needs for the sake of unity can't work if just one person does it. A coerced compromise, when one partner deceives or overpowers the other without allowing room for shared truths, usually results in an empty agreement that's soon undermined by unilateral acting out.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|We are among the first peoples in human history who do not broadly inherit religious identity as a given, a matter of kin and tribe, like hair color and hometown. But the very fluidity of this—the possibility of choice that arises, the ability to craft and discern one’s own spiritual bearings—is not leading to the decline of spiritual life but its revival. It is changing us, collectively. It is even renewing religion, and our cultural encounter with religion, in counterintuitive ways. I meet scientists who speak of a religiosity without spirituality—a reverence for the place of ritual in human life, and the value of human community, without a need for something supernaturally transcendent. There is something called the New Humanism, which is in dialogue about moral imagination and ethical passions across boundaries of belief and nonbelief. But I apprehend— with a knowledge that is as much visceral as cognitive— that God is love. That somehow the possibility of care that can transform us— love muscular and resilient— is an echo of a reality behind reality, embedded in the creative force that gives us life.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|What are you grinning at?" Katsa demanded for the third or fourth time. "Is the ceiling about to cave in on my head or something? You look like we're both on the verge of an enormous joke.""Katsa, only you would consider the collapse of the ceiling a good joke.
Philosophy.lander.edu|And again, though we cannot prove, we feel, that we are deathless. We perceive that life is not like those dramas so beloved by the people—in which every villain is punished, and every act of virtue meets with its reward; we learn anew every day that the wisdom of the serpent fares better here than the gentleness of the dove, and that any thief can triumph if he steals enough. If mere worldly utility and expediency were the justification of virtue, it would not be wise to be too good. And yet, knowing all this, having it flung into our faces with brutal repetition, we still feel the command to righteousness, we know that we ought to do the inexpedient good.
Caroline Winberg|I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Be careful when power comes to thee also, lest thou too shouldst smite in thine anger or thy jealousy, for unconquerable strength is a sore weapon in the hands of erring man
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Violence is rather a strange phenomenon that can be compared to fire, once out of control it’s loyal to no one, not even to the person who started it.
Rita M. Gross|If one does not make an ego out of gender, one would still know whether one is a man or a woman, gay, straight, bisexual, transgender—whatever else we may think of. But those identities need to fit very loosely and be worn very lightly. All sense of privilege or deprivation that has developed around one’s gender identity, all rigidity regarding proper roles and behaviors for the various genders, must be cut through.
Saji Ijiyemi|It is difficult to cultivate a healthy relationship in a landscape overgrown with blame, lack of trust, and betrayal
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Authentic faith leads us to treat others with unconditional seriousness and to a loving reverence for the mystery of the human personality. Authentic Christianity should lead to maturity, personality, and reality. It should fashion whole men and women living lives of love and communion. False, manhandled religion produces the opposite effect. Whenever religion shows contempt or disregards the rights of persons, even under the noblest pretexts, it draws us away from reality and God.
Unknown|When I think about books, I touch my shelf.
Louise L. Hay|No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances.
Steve Maraboli|Once you start recognizing the truth of your story, finish the story. It happened but you're still here, you're still capable, powerful, you're not your circumstance. It happened and you made it through. You're still fully equipped with every single tool you need to fulfill your purpose.
Billy Collins, Aimless Love: New and Selected Poems|Caro's right. She should be scared. Everything's out of her hands now. All the things coming Ava's way they won't be able to control, things she won't always ask for because she's a girl. She doesn't even know how hard it's going to be yet, but she will, because all girls find out. And I know it's going to be hard for Ava in ways I've never had to or will ever have to experience and I want to apologize to her now, before she finds out, like I wish someone had to me. Because maybe it would be better if we all got apologized to first. Maybe it would hurt less, expecting to be hurt.
Jessica O'Toole, The Fate of Vultures|Greatness, Master, is generally only considered enough if you are the greatest.
Rodney Atkins|I don't think it ever does any harm in any business to feel that there is someone there who cares about it. If you look at any business, fashion being the most obvious, the aura, or the reality of the designer, is part of what creates it. It's true in luxury goods stores and in good food stores. It leaves a palpable sense that someone cares.
Amy Poehler|I stayed there on the floor like that for a long, long time.Eating and crying.Crying and eating.
Tiffany Reisz, The Siren|I love you," I said to her. "From the bottom of my heart. I don't ever want to let you go again. But there's nothing I can do. I can't make a move.""Because of her?"I nodded.
Sean O Nuallain, The Search For Mind: A New Foundation For Cognitive Science|Truly to realize the ambitions of a science of mind does not solely involve learning about such issues as how we know, perceive and solve problems; it involves finding out tow hat extent the world outside us is knowable by us, and indeed prescribing the limits of inquiry for disciplines like Physics which claim to afford knowledge of the external physical world.
Mike McGee|The thing is, I mean, there’s times when you look at the universe and you think, “What about me?” and you can just hear the universe replying, “Well, what about you?” 
Lateef Abader|Education is a vital path to achieve success. Using what we've learnt to help others completes it,and the result of selfless sharing of knowledge is both spiritually enlightening and humbly satisfying
Rachel Hauck, The Writing Desk|Look, this isn't about the ring or when I ever made a hamburger, which, for your information, was my senior year of college.""Right, when you almost caught our kitchen on fire.""And you dated one of the firefighters for six months. You're welcome. Back to my problem.
Charles Spurgeon|You may have heard of Black Friday and Cyber Monday. There's another day you might want to know about: Giving Tuesday. The idea is pretty straightforward. On the Tuesday after Thanksgiving, shoppers take a break from their gift-buying and donate what they can to charity.
Anthony Liccione|Drink up my honey eyes,Kiss them shut every night,And be my 'one' all my life.
Paul Theroux|I think people read travel books either because they intend to take that trip, or because they would never take that trip. In a sense, as a writer you are doing the travel for the reader.
Min Jin Lee, Pachinko|Yes, of course. If you love anyone, you cannot help but share his suffering. If we love our Lord, not just admire him or fear him or want things from him, we must recognize his feelings; he must be in anguish over our sins. We must understand this anguish. The Lord suffers with us. He suffers like us. It is a consolation to know this. To know that we are not in fact alone in our suffering.
Friedrich Nietzsche|We do not belong to those who have ideas only among books, when stimulated by books. It is our habit to think outdoors - walking, leaping, climbing, dancing, preferably on lonely mountains or near the sea where even the trails become thoughtful.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you build the faith to trust a friend as God, then your heart can never be broken.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|It's difficult in times like these: ideals, dreams and cherished hopes rise within us, only to be crushed by grim reality. It's a wonder I haven't abandoned all my ideals, they seem so absurd and impractical. Yet I cling to them because I still believe, in spite of everything, that people are truly good at heart.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|We are fragile beings,yet we often act as though we couldn't be hurt,and as though we couldn't hurt other people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The Church makes no man less free than he was before. But we chiefly value freedom in order to give it away; every man who loves surrenders his freedom, whether his passion be the love of a woman, the love of a cause, or the love of God. . . Hence: "Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. Everyone wants the things that only a love of God will bring to him, but most men today seek them in the wrong places. That is why no one comes to God without a revolution of the spirit; he must stop seeking his good in Godlessness.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I love New York. You can pop out of the Underworld in Central Park, hail a taxi, head down Fifth Avenue with a giant hellhound loping behind you, and nobody even looks at you funny.
D.M. Timney|The king may rule the kingdom, but it's the queen who moves the board.
Tim I. Gurung, Five Steps|The myth of purgatory is an allegory, a projection, from the present on to the future. This is why purgatory appeals to the imagination. It is our story. It is where we are now. If we are Christians, if we believe in the risen Jesus as Lord, if we are baptized members of his body, then we are passing right now through the sufferings which form the gateway to life.
Morgan Hawke, Victorious Star|An editor asked me what led me to write erotica. I replied, "A dirty mind, excess words, and an overactive sacral chakra.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|Her gaze collided with the duke’s. His eyes were a clear, pale green. Why was he staring so intently when there was hardly another woman less interesting than she?
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Van Eck raised a brow. "How old are you, girl? Sixteen? Seventeen? Nations rise and fall. Markets are made and unmade. When power shifts, someone always suffers.
Irvine Welsh, Filth|We wait and think and doubt and hate. How does it make you feel? The overwhelming feeling is rage. We hate ourself for being unable to be other than what we are. Unable to be better. We feel rage. The feelings must be followed. It doesn't matter whether you're an ideologue or a sensualist, you follow the stimuli thinking that they're your signposts to the promised land. But they are nothing of the kind. What they are is rocks to navigate the past, each on your brush against, ripping you a little more open and they are always more on the horizon. But you can't face up to the that, so you force yourself to believe the bullshit of those you instinctively know are liars and you repeat those lies to yourself and to others, hoping that by repeating them often and fervently enough you'll attain the godlike status we accord those who tell the lies most frequently and most passionately. But you never do, and even if you could, you wouldn't value it, you'd realise that nobody believes in heroes any more. We know that they only want to sell us something we don't really want and keep from us what we really do need. Maybe that's a good thing. Maybe we're getting in touch with our condition at last. It's horrible how we always die alone, but no worse than living alone.
Arthur Schopenhauer|NOT to my contemporaries, not to my compatriots but to mankind I commit my now completed work in the confidence that it will not be without value for them, even if this should be late recognised, as is commonly the lot of what is good. For it cannot have been for the passing generation, engrossed with the delusion of the moment, that my mind, almost against my will, has uninterruptedly stuck to its work through the course of a long life.preface to the second edition of "the world as will and representation
Susan Cooper, Silver on the Tree|All life is theatre,' he said. 'We are all actors, you and I, in a play which nobody wrote and which nobody will see. We have no audience but ourselves....
Kailin Gow, Perfect Summer|What if I wrenched the steering wheel hard to the right and we went crashing into those mist-shrouded trees? Hell, Jane’s hunkload of men would probably appear from nowhere to rescue us, throwing themselves in front of the car to protect my beautiful friend.
Jim Frederick, Black Hearts: One Platoon's Descent Into Madness in Iraq's Triangle of Death|The other day, we went somewhere, and did something.
Marty Rubin|What should be boundless is one's love of life, not one's love of art or knowledge.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Now, who else speaks for Perdido Beach?”Bouncing Bette said, “Sam Temple here went into a burning building to rescue a little girl. He can speak for me, anyway.”There was a murmur of agreement.“Yeah, Sam is a hero for real,” a voice said.“He could have died,” another voice seconded.“Yeah, Sam’s the guy.”Caine’s smile came and disappeared so quickly, Sam wasn’t sure it had happened. For that millisecond it was a look of triumph. Caine walked straight up to Sam, open and forthright, hand extended.“There are probably better people than me,” Sam said, backing away.
Thomas Ligotti|I am like a small creature swallowed whole by a monster, she thought, and the monster feels my tiny little movements inside.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|A saint or monk can afford to be compassionate to all, but a leader or boss cannot always be kind. He may soon be without a job himself if he is unduly compassionate, and chances are, no one would show him any compassion then.
Meia Geddes, Love Letters to the World|Madeline stood before him in a gown of rich, emerald-green silk. The low-cut bodice did miraculous things for her bosom, and the vibrant color made a striking contrast with her pale skin and dark hair. And her lips... something about the green brought out their richness. They looked like two lush slices of a ripened plum.His mouth watered.
Debbie Millman, Look Both Ways: Illustrated Essays on the Intersection of Life and Design|The grand scheme of a life, maybe (just maybe), is not about knowing or not knowing, choosing or not choosing. Perhaps what is truly known can’t be described or articulated by creativity or logic, science or art — but perhaps it can be described by the most authentic and meaningful combination of the two: poetry: As Robert Frost wrote, a poem 'begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness. It is never a thought to begin with.'I recommend the following course of action for those who are just beginning their careers or for those like me, who may be reconfiguring midway through: heed the words of Robert Frost. Start with a big, fat lump in your throat, start with a profound sense of wrong, a deep homesickness, or a crazy lovesickness, and run with it.
Raja Rao, Kanthapura: Indian Novel|The reality of our connection is a new story for the whole of civilization, and operating from the wisdom of relatedness is a radical act. It is the stuff of peaceful revolution and lasting transformation.
Elisabeth Shue|The superior man is the providence of the inferior. He is eyes for the blind, strength for the weak, and a shield for the defenseless. He stands erect by bending above the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
Brie Larson|I'm on a constant path of self-discovery and change. I'm trying to become a better person, a nicer person. I love therapy - it's brilliant.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|If you please God, it does not matter whom you displease. And if you displease Him, it does not matter whom you please.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|I shall love my kind of love anyway, doggedly, for I must certainly do the best I can with my own nature and if my nature is to love too well or from afar or to be grateful for crumbs...well, so be it.
James Kennedy, Swarm Intelligence|More importantly, it is difficult to study minds because we are mental beings. We have our own minds to maintain and protect, and may not wish to discover facts that force us to change, or make us question our own being in the world, or conflict with our sense of right and wrong. We have not discussed belief systems known as religions to any extent in this book. However, particularly threatening are facts that run counter to ourreligious beliefs, especially if those beliefs are strongly held. Further, scientists have hopes, standards, and ethical beliefs, and they—like anybody—are not eager to find that their beliefs are invalid.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Daily life, the sacred time of a man.
Charbel Tadros|A true leader should have the power to begin, the eloquence to communicate, the patience to execute and the wisdom to evaluate. Without one, he remains a slave to he who possesses it.
Ashley Jensen|My parents got me a $25 Kent steel-string acoustic guitar when I was around 12. The following Christmas, my parents bought me a Conora electric guitar. It looked almost like a Gretsch. It cost $59, and my mom still has it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you are your authentic self, you fulfill the possibilities that dwell inside your soul.
Enid Blyton|Writing for children is an art in itself, and a most interesting one.
Roy Barnes|I worked in theater my whole life. My mom was a drama teacher at my middle school. In high school, I was Drama Club President every year, and then I auditioned for conservatory acting programs.
Roger Scruton, The Uses of Pessimism: And the Danger of False Hope|Civilization is always threatened from below, by patterns of belief and emotion that may once have been useful to our ancestors, but that are useful no longer.
Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor|The meaning of a story should go on expanding for the reader the more he thinks about it, but meaning cannot be captured in an interpretation. If teachers are in the habit of approaching a story as if it were a research problem for which any answer is believable so long as it is not obvious, then I think students will never learn to enjoy fiction. Too much interpretation is certainly worse than too little, and where feeling for a story is absent, theory will not supply it.
Octavio Paz, The Blue Bouquet|Of course, English is a very powerful language, a colonizer's language and a gift to a writer. English has destroyed and sucked up the languages of other cultures - its cruelty is its vitality.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|God Is, Lucifer is a devil, and there is a Hell.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|You know, Miss Holly, you look very dramatic like that, backlit by the fire. Very attractive, if I may say so. I know you shared a moment passionne with Artemis which he subsequently fouled up with his typical boorish behavior. Let me just throw something out there for you to consider while we're chasing the probe: I share Artemis's passion but not his boorishness. No pressure; just think about it.This was enough to elicit a deafening moment of silence even in the middle of a crisis, which Orion seemed to be blissfully unaffected by.
Hugh Hopper|If we want technology to serve society rather than enslave it, we have to build systems accessible to all people - be they male or female, young, old, disabled, computer wizards or technophobes.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|I want to eat you alive, he wanted to say. I want to sink into you and stay. God, how did this happen so fast? He was dizzy with it, with Jake's passion, his laugh, his growl, the deep brown eyes that darkened with hunger when they looked at him. Brandon shivered and wrapped his arms around Jake's neck to hold on tight.
Cesare Beccaria, On Crimes and Punishments and Other Writings|I wish you would thrash him. He deserves it."She looked back at him. "I will one day, sir. I'm getting tired of falling down.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Each handicap is like a hurdle in a steeplechase, and when you ride up to it, if you throw your heart over, the horse will go along, too.
Eric Berry|I have nothing to ask for, thanks to God. Everything I have, God has given me.
Bob Rae, What's Happened to Politics?|Leadership is not a voice crying in the wilderness, aloof and apart. It requires an ability to command as well as to inspire, to learn in the process of collaboration and to build a team with a common purpose that can take action and execute the change they envision.
Hope Davis|Wrap parties can be really sad, actually, disorienting.
Angie karan|The most enduring relationship we can have, is the one we have with our self. It is the foundation of everything. Respect for self is the basis for self-love. Value and love yourself with dignity because YOU is the only one you've got. Embrace your strengths and weaknesses- they play a key part in your growth. Joy is important, so make time for yourself, and be your own best friend. You know that you can’t change your past but you can take charge of your present. Make peace with your past and keep moving forward. Your self depends on it!
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|I have learned from my mistakes, and I am sure I can repeat them exactly
Sharon K. Garner|Speechless and very nearly panting, she fell back against the wall with a thump, knowing that if she lived to be ninety, she would still carry the searing mark of that kiss on her soul."At last," he murmured. "A way to shut you up." Christovao Santos (Chris), Sanctuary
Delaine Robins|If everything came easy in business everyone would have a business and be millionaires. It takes hard work, consistent effort and courage to keeping fighting the monster of failure.
Shampa Sharma|There are many ways to love, but mutually is the luckiest.
Dean Koontz|If you have to pay the bills, and you write something you're not proud of, use a pen-name for that.
Ingrid Betancourt|New tech explosions create winners and losers, but overall are remarkably positive for the country, middle-class folks, the economy, jobs, and wages.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|So far, I had a solid collection of my honest opinions…
John Marshall Harlan|Sixty millions of whites are in no danger from the presence here of eight millions of blacks. The destinies of the two races, in this country, are indissolubly linked together, and the interests of both require that the common government of all shall not permit the seeds of race hate to be planted under the sanction of law.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If you ever doubt anything here, if you ever not know what to think or who to trust, you trust Todd, okay? You remember that.
Kim Kardashian|My mom and I had the same vision, and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year.
Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six|I[John/Four] scratched Bernie Kosar's head. I don't think I could get used to calling him Hadley, but maybe I could get used to calling Six Maren Elizabeth. "I think you should take on a human name," I say. "If not Maren Elizabeth, then something else. I mean, at least for when we're in front of strangers." Everyone grows silent, and I reach behind me into the Chest for the velvet bag holding the Lorien's solar system. I set the six planets and the sun in my palm and watch them hover and glow to life. As the planets begin to orbit their sun, I find that I am able to dim their brightness with my mind. I intentionally lose myself in them, successfully forgetting just for a few moments that I might ba seeing Sarah soon. Six turns to look at the faint solar system that floats in front of my chest, and then she finally says. "I don't know; I still like the name Six. Maren Elizabeth was when I was a different person, and right now Six just feels right. It can be short for something if Someone asks." Sam looks over. "For what? Sixty?
Walt Disney Company, Donald Duck: Star!|Inspiration for what we produce comes from reading, observing the world of humans around us and also the animal kingdom
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Look. The world is full of liars, and it’s time someone admitted it, shed a light on it, and lightened up about it.
Thomas Griffith|Fame is O.K. I hate it, but it's O.K. I'm beginning to understand how I can be hidden. It's an attitude.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|Our task is to build cultural fortresses to protect our emerging nativeness. They must be strong enough to hold at bay the powers of consumerism, the powers of greed and envy and pride. One of the most effective ways for this to come about would be for our universities to assume the awesome responsibility to both validate and educate those who want to be homecomers -- not necessarily to go home but to go someplace and dig in and begin the long search and experiment to become native.
Ben Huh|The winter solstice has always been special to me as a barren darkness that gives birth to a verdant future beyond imagination, a time of pain and withdrawal that produces something joyfully inconceivable, like a monarch butterfly masterfully extracting itself from the confines of its cocoon, bursting forth into unexpected glory.
Jaeda DeWalt|When we have the disease to please, the word, "Yes" can taste of resentment. We need to take care of ourselves, first, so we can give from a place of abundance. When we give ourselves away to everyone else, first, we having nothing left, with which, to nourish ourselves. This can lead to feelings of bitterness and resentment. Giving to others should be a joyous and enriching experience.
Harlan Ellison, "Repent, Harlequin!" Said the Ticktockman|The authoritarian system we live under is set to benefit a tiny minority — an all-powerful elite gets obscenely rich, while billions are cheated out of realizing their true potential. But the system is rotten. It's ripe for collapse. It's the duty of every revolutionary — everyone of us — to hasten that collapse... It's not a crime to fight injustice... The system's conditioned us — hypnotized nearly everybody into accepting that life has to be the way it is. We're hypnotized into believing war is natural — famine is natural — crime is natural... but they're not. They're products of the system and its all-consuming greed! People have become robots — zombies — too busy scrambling for day-to-day existence to be able to see they're really victims. It's up to us to open their eyes. From cradle to grave, we're taught — indoctrinated! — that happiness depends on always getting more. Buy — throw away — buy more! Doesn't matter if we destroy the planet on the way! Politicians say they can fix the world's problems. Just give them more power. Religions say do more of what they order and you'll be happy — but only after you're dead! They've been making the same hollow promises for thousands of years, and we, the people — the sheep — have listened. But it's time to wake up and smell the coffee — the days of external authority and force-backed power are numbered... that's the way the system is set up! A sham democracy that acts as a front for the elite's ambitions... It doesn't have to be like that. We can change it!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|But profound as psychology is, it's a knife that cuts both ways (...). I have purposely resorted to this method, gentlemen of the jury, to show that you can prove anything by it. It all depends on who makes use of it. Psychology lures even most serious people into romancing, and quite unconsciously. I am speaking of the abuse of psychology, gentlemen.
J.C. Villamere, Is Canada Even Real?: How a Nation Built on Hobos, Beavers, Weirdos, and Hip Hop Convinced the World to Beliebe|you're deluding yourself that you have some deep spiritual connection, like you didn't just read it on Wikipedia. There's a difference between tradition and culture.
T.F. Torrance|As history shows, dead metaphors make good idols.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|You don't have to work for Google, or any of the other firms encouraging staff to pursue personal projects on company time, to use slowness to unlock your creativity. Anyone can do it. Start by clearing space in your schedule for rest, daydreaming and serendipity. Take breaks away from your desk, especially when you get stuck on a problem.
Pablo|There’s a Chinese proverb that says “Wisdom is avoiding all thoughts that weaken you & embracing those that strengthen you” Your mind is like a Ferrari (Or your favorite car) it is Awesome!...but if you put sand on the gas tank it won’t run. Don’t put sand (negativity) on your mind. Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, & the negative will soon evaporate.
Zig Ziglar|If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|To him, she was one of the few girls who was nice to him, the stodgy son of a poor alcoholic shoemaker with such little status that he seemed unlikely to even get one wife, let alone the three or more that designated a man of standing.
Jennifer Holliday|We are certainly not to relinquish the evidence of experiments for the sake of dreams and vain fictions of our own devising; nor are we to recede from the analogy of Nature, which is wont to be simple and always consonant to itself.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|It's impossible to do science without faith. Sometimes scientists build theories on the premises of faulty assumptions until they discover they were in error and begin again from square one until they discover the true theory. It's quite different with theologians, they build false theory upon false theory until they give you detailed descriptions of heaven and hell and construct dogmas to protect their errors and if you dare say they are in error they condemn you to eternal damnation they arrived at through false theories
Emile Zola|From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.
Sharon Kay Penman, Falls the Shadow|The avarice, the hunger for materialistic possessions and the dependency upon alcohol had gradually become stronger and stronger. And now, it was the sum total of what she was.
Israelmore Ayivor|You have the legs and other also have it; they have the brain and you have it! Stop thinking you can't transact the business that others can. If you do, you are raising your inflation rate!
Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels|Say what's in your heart, Annie.''You're in my heart, Samuel.
Patricia Briggs|It is one of those lessons that every child should learn: Don't play with fire, sharp objects, or ancient artifacts.
Liberty Hyde Bailey|Worse than not realizing the dreams of your youth, would be to have been young and never dreamed at all.
