Gene Wolfe, The Citadel of the Autarch|And what of the dead? I own that I thought of myself, at times, almost as dead. Are they not locked below ground in chambers smaller than mine was, in their millions of millions? There is no category of human activity in which the dead do not outnumber the living many times over. Most beautiful children are dead. Most soldiers, most cowards. The fairest women and the most learned men – all are dead. Their bodies repose in caskets, in sarcophagi, beneath arches of rude stone, everywhere under the earth. Their spirits haunt our minds, ears pressed to the bones of our foreheads. Who can say how intently they listen as we speak, or for what word? 
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|As many critics of religion have pointed out, the notion of a creator poses an immediate problem of an infinite regress. If God created the universe, what created God? To say that God, by definition, is uncreated simply begs the question. Any being capable of creating a complex world promises to be very complex himself. As the biologist Richard Dawkins has observed repeatedly, the only natural process we know of that could produce a being capable of designing things is evolution.
Barbara Newhall Follett, Lost Island|Watching the rain is as beautiful as watching the sunset or the sunrise and it is even better because in addition to watching you can also listen to it, the fantastic music of the drop sounds!
D L Moody|Jesus said when you pray say "Our Father which art in heaven." He did not say "Our Judge which art in heaven". #grace #gospel
Pauline Creeden|When you bring all your doubts and fears to God, you’ll find the reason to trust Him. And as you trust Him, you will draw closer to Him. Best of all, no one who draws closer to God can possibly remain unchanged.
Clara Zetkin|How strange, when your father's wearing women's clothes and platform shoes, that a pair of loafers looks incredible.
Kim Stanley Robinson, New York 2140|Because life is robust,Because life is bigger than equations, stronger than money, stronger than guns and poison and bad zoning policy, stronger than capitalism,Because Mother Nature bats last, and Mother Ocean is strong, and we live inside our mothers forever, and Life is tenacious and you can never kill it, you can never buy it,So Life is going to dive down into your dark pools, Life is going to explode the enclosures and bring back the commons,O you dark pools of money and law and quantitudinal stupidity, you oversimple algorithms of greed, you desperate simpletons hoping for a story you can understand,Hoping for safety, hoping for cessation of uncertainty, hoping for ownership of volatility, O you poor fearful jerks,Life! Life! Life! Life is going to kick your ass.
Randy Komisar, The Monk and the Riddle: The Education of a Silicon Valley Entrepreneur|In theory, the risk of business failure can be reduced to a number, the probability of failure multiplied by the cost of failure. Sure, this turns out to be a subjective analysis, but in the process your own attitudes toward financial risk and reward are revealed.By contrast, personal risk usually defies quantification. It's a matter of values and priorities, an expression of who you are. "Playing it safe" may simply mean you do not weigh heavily the compromises inherent in the status quo. The financial rewards of the moment may fully compensate you for the loss of time and fulfillment. Or maybe you just don't think about it. On the other hand, if time and satisfaction are precious, truly priceless, you will find the cost of business failure, so long as it does not put in peril the well-being of you or your family, pales in comparison with the personal risks of no trying to live the life you want today.Considering personal risk forces us to define personal success. We may well discover that the business failure we avoid and the business success we strive for do not lead us to personal success at all. Most of us have inherited notions of "success" from someone else or have arrived at these notions by facing a seemingly endless line of hurdles extending from grade school through college and into our careers. We constantly judge ourselves against criteria that others have set and rank ourselves against others in their game. Personal goals, on the other hand, leave us on our own, without this habit of useless measurement and comparison.Only the Whole Life Plan leads to personal success. It has the greatest chance of providing satisfaction and contentment that one can take to the grave, tomorrow. In the Deferred Life Plan there will always be another prize to covet, another distraction, a new hunger to sate. You will forever come up short.
Henry Moore|No one can feel more gratefully the charm of noble scenery, or the refreshment of escape into the unspoiled solitudes of nature, than the laborer at some close in-door employment.
Charles Baxter, The Soul Thief|The best thing about now, is that there's another one tomorrow.
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|Evolution is true, but does that make it right?
George Clinton|His mom was high when Whitey was born. She was also high when she named him. Esmerelda was the name of her sister, the only person in the world who ever treated her decently, and Torno was short for tornado, because that’s how it felt when Whitey came out.Whitey’s mom had a penchant for the cocaine.
Peedie William|Let me set it straight, I've done some shit,And maybe I ain't too proud of itThe monster in your bedYou were begging me "please don't stop!"Said that I'm a douchebag, won't call backThe worst hangover you ever hadFelt so good at first, you knew that it could never lastWanna wash the dirt off my hands, wanna get this all off my chestBut I'm no good at saying sorry... woah oh!I didn't mean to fuck you over,I just want to have some fun
Jean-Pierre Raffarin|I think that hope, that ability to envision, to imagine a better way, and then to apply yourself to it, is the way to climb out of a hole, is the way to build a better life, is the way to build a better community and a better country.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|She ran because she had no other choice. She feared what would happen if she dared to stop. There was no time to think. There was barely any time for her to breathe. On her broken ankle, she ran. With her bruised arms, she ran. With her bleeding sides, she ran because she knew today was the day she was meant to die.
Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day: Words of Wisdom and Faith|Remember: He WANTS your fellowship, and He has done everything possible to make it a reality. He has forgiven your sins, at the cost of His own dear Son. He has given you His Word, and the priceless privilege of prayer and worship.
Thrity Umrigar, The Story Hour|Think of how far you've come," Maggie said softly. "And then ask yourself how much farther you wish to go
Martin Luther King Jr.|For children are innocent and love justice, while most of us are wicked and naturally prefer mercy.
Albert Hammond, Jr.|I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids.
William David Hannah, Angels of the Quantum Gate|The words beat through me like a cosmic string that threatened to dissolve my molecular bonds. The wave fed upon itself until the tsunami it created swept me out of my life and into a world of confinement that broached vastness. That, after all, was the process of space travel. The small spaces, the great speed, the reach beyond knowable.
Tom Spanbauer, In the City of Shy Hunters|There is now, in my mouth, this sharp chain. And it never comes out.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Living appears good, long, and tiresome, but it is way too short than a single stroke of lightning.
Alfred Korzybski, Science and Sanity: An Introduction to Non-Aristotelian Systems and General Semantics|We humans, through old habits, and because of the inherent structure of human knowledge have a tendency to make static, definite, and, in a way, absolutistic one-valued statements. But when we fight absolutism, we quite often establish, instead, some other dogma equally silly and harmful. For instance, an active atheist is psycho-logically as unsound as a rabid theist.
Gustave Flaubert, November|It would have been better to do what everyone else does, neither taking life too seriously nor seeing it as merely grotesque, choosing a profession and practicing it, grabbing one's share of the common cake, eating it and saying, "It's delicious!" rather than following the gloomy path that I have trodden all alone; then I wouldn’t be here writing this, or at least it would have been a different story. The further I proceed with it, the more confused it seems even to me, like hazy prospects seen from too far away, since everything passes, even the memory of our most scalding tears and our heartiest laughter; our eyes soon dry, our mouths resume their habitual shape; the only memory that remains to me is that of a long tedious time that lasted for several winters, spent in yawning and wishing I were dead
Lawrence Osborne, The Naked Tourist: In Search of Adventure and Beauty in the Age of the Airport Mall|There is nothing more exasperating than reading in contemporary guidebooks disparagements of places that are deemed to be "seedy." Do the writers not notice that such places are invariably crowded with people? When a neighborhood is described as "seedy" by some Lonely Planet prude, I immediately head there.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ|When I was a stripper I realized that men and women are equally fucked over about sex but in such different areas, we're blind to the other's pain. So for certain kinds of guys, women are heartless bitches and cock teases and will bleed you dry before giving you a kiss. And for some women, men are asshole jerks who only want one thing. They'll love you and leave you. I don't see it that way. It's the culture keeping them equally ignorant and feeding them nonsense. And then saying, go of and get married!
Steve McHugh, Crimes Against Magic|It was real sweet, except that he'd drugged me and ridden me to within an inch of my life, and I was still so high I was paralyzed and mute. But other than that, I guess it was pretty romantic.
Freedom Matthews, Inherited|The creature which stood before me was no bigger than a child, yet I would have sworn she was wood nymph. With pointed ears, translucent skin and a halo of woodland flowers in her silvery hair, the small woman held a strange presence. Besides the creature's obvious beauty, I couldn't draw my gaze away from her magnificent opaque wings. They fluttered in the breeze like the leaves above us.
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|In times of turbulence, we must keep calm and be patient.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I'm like my mother, she thought, I search my joy for signs of sorrow ahead.
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|At the behest of the criterion of authenticity, much that was once thought to make up the very fabric of culture has come to seem of little account, mere fantasy or ritual, or downright falsification. Conversely, much that culture traditionally condemned and sought to exclude is accorded a considerable moral authority by reason of the authenticity claimed for it, for example, disorder, violence, unreason.
Scott Stabile|It is love, has been love, will always be love that makes the biggest difference in our world.
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|One of the parrots was very friendly with...Master of the Robes. He used to feed it nuts. As it nibbled from his fingers, he used to stroke its head, at which the bird appeared to enter a state of ecstasy. I very much wanted this kind of friendliness and several times tried to get a similar response, but to no avail. So I took a stick to punish it. Of course, thereafter it fled at the sight of me. This was a very good lesson in how to make friends: not by force but by compassion.
Michael Denton, Evolution: A Theory In Crisis|Individual humans are not super, but the organism of which we are all tiny cellular parts is most certainly that. The life-form that's so big we forget it's there, that turns minerals on its planet into tools to touch the infinite black gap between stars or probe the obliterating pressures at the bottom of the oceans. We are already part of a superbeing, a monster, a god, a living process that is so all encompassing that it is to an individual life what water is to a fish. We are cells in the body of a three-billion-year-old life-form whose roots are in the Precambrian oceans and whose genetic wiring extends through the living structures of everything on the planet, connecting everything that has ever lived in one immense nervous system.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we pray, we shall have peace,
Robin Epstein, God Is in the Pancakes|I hate to say it, but all that stuff they try to tell you about women being empowered and how it's fine for a woman to ask a man out, well, it's crap.' I look down at my watch. 'Seven fifty-three p.m.' 'What does that mean?' 'Official time of death of feminism,' I reply, and mom laughs.
Daleen Van Tonder|One would think after all the disappointment life offers us unfortunate few we would give up the trifles connected with hope, feeling, belief and optimism in our fellow souls.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Path of light, path of life.
Federico García Lorca|A light which lives on what the flames devour,a grey landscape surrounding me with scorch,a crucifixion by a single wound,a sky and earth that darken by each hour,a sob of blood whose red ribbon adornsa lyre without a pulse, and oils the torch,a tide which stuns and strands me on the reef,a scorpion scrambling, stinging in my chest--this is the wreath of love, this bed of thornsis where I dream of you stealing my rest,haunting these sunken ribs cargoed with grief.I sought the peak of prudence, but I foundthe hemlock-brimming valley of your heart,and my own thirst for bitter truth an
Billy Graham|Many churches of all persuasions are hiring research agencies to poll neighborhoods, asking what kind of church they prefer. Then the local churches design themselves to fit the desires of the people. True faith in God that demands selflessness is being replaced by trendy religion that serves the selfish.
Henry Moore|What does it mean to be Catholic and not a Catholic? I feel adrift, homeless. My Catholic imagination allows me to see the soul as a lit breath, seeking the divine. It persists.
Katie Reus, Sworn to Protect|She wanted to know what it was like to be completely possessed by this man. Instead of scaring her, the thought sent the most erotic thrill racing through her. If she was stupid enough to sleep with him, she knew that things between them would end badly, but she wanted Levi in a way that defied logic, and probably her sanity, and she wanted everything he had to offer. Even if she got burned in the end.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Ruin|There wasn't a colloquial phrase, or curse, that went something like, "May your day be full of angry dragons" or, "May every dragon you meet today be pissed off." But, there should have been.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea|She taught me what's important, and what isn't. And I've never forgotten. And that's what mothers do, I say.
Michael Bassey Johnson|True devotion and humility is when you carelessly allow yourself to fall in love with things you consider will make you look inferior, which in essence, makes you superior.
Brittany Swanson|It had been so long since she’d given herself permission to just feel without thinking, to act without discussing the consequences. And yeah, there would be consequences, she had no doubt.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Man is not, by nature, deserving of all that he wants. When we think that we are automatically entitled to something, that is when we start walking all over others to get it.
Mark O'Connell, To Be a Machine: Adventures Among Cyborgs, Utopians, Hackers, and the Futurists Solving the Modest Problem of Death|The smell of hot popcorn drifted upward from the concourse below, lingering in the warm Californian air like an atmospheric irony, and a Jumbotron directly in front of me displayed a blandly handsome announcer seated behind a curved desk emblazoned with DARPA’s logo: a sports broadcast mise-en-scène from some speculative future, vaguely fascist, in which the machinery of national defense had become a spectacle of mass entertainment.
Junaid Raza|Perhaps we'll never know how far the path can go, how much a human being can truly achieve, until we realize that the ultimate reward is not a gold medal but the path itself.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Please, Noah, I don't want to do this wrong. Tell me how to make you feel good."He shifted so that his body rested beside mine, his leg and arm still draped over me. I felt small under his warmth and strength. His chocolate-brown eyes softened. "Being with you feels good. Touching you-" he tucked a curl behind my ear. "-feels good. I have never wanted anyone like I want you. There's nothing you can do wrong when just breathing makes everything right.
Toni Sorenson|Your brain processes a thought while your mind creates and cultivates not only your thoughts, but also the knowledge and experiences you gain.
Calista Lynne, We Awaken|Keep fit and have fun!" ~Hal Johnson and Joanne McLeod
Matshona Dhliwayo|Understanding is important for studying,knowledge is important for teaching,and wisdom is important for living.
R.A.Delmonico|When passion rises to its full expression, it touches the soul and lifts the spirit.
Travis Bradberry|The best weapon of a dictatorship is secrecy, but the best weapon of a democracy should be the weapon of openness.
Josh Waitzkin, The Art of Learning: A Journey in the Pursuit of Excellence|He landed on cheap shot, but I knocked him out of the tournament.
Chrissy Teigen|It would be great to be recognised for my achievements, but Sports Personality isn't about that.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|The lives of the thirty thousand children who die of starvation each day is like 6 september 11ths every single day, a silent tsunami that happens every week.
Uma Thurman|This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift; it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you feel afraid of magic, then you've been enchanted.
Francis Bacon|Listen, Bruce Lee fought out of anger. That's why they call it the 'Fists of Fury.' Michael Jackson danced with fury. I do stand up out of fury. I'm not mad at anybody. I'm not mad at any human being because I'm a human being.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|So childhood too feels good at first, before one happens to notice the terrible sameness, age after age.
Tyler Hojberg|I don't get writers block. I get writer has too many ideas and doesn't know which one to start next, block.
Amy Harmon, The Song of David|. . . death isn’t anything I need to be afraid of. I’m not a perfect man. But I think I’m a good man. I’ve lived a hell of a life, even with all the heartache. Millie told me once that the ability to devastate is what makes a song beautiful. Maybe that’s what makes life beautiful too. The ability to devastate. Maybe that’s how we know we’ve lived. How we know we’ve truly loved.”“The ability to devastate,” I repeated. And my voice broke. If that wasn’t a perfect description of the agony of love, I didn’t know what was.
Wikipedia|If you will not reprove yourself,’ Saadi says, ‘you will not welcome reproof from another.
Seth Mnookin, The Panic Virus: A True Story of Medicine, Science, and Fear|Fifties advertising was a dogmatic art, to the point of pretending to be a science.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|Squabbling over too little is just human nature. But it says a great deal about a person, what they do with abundance.
Simon Newcomb|Science gives us a powerful vocabulary, and it is impossible to produce a vocabulary with which one can only say nice things.
Sharon Stone|In 1977, at age ten, I was cast on the TV sitcom 'Good Times.' My character was Penny, an abused child in desperate need of love. I really didn't want to do the show. I didn't want to be away from my family.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you want to be, it is okay with me as long as you never forget to be happy.
Robert Collier|Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.
Frederick Banting|Here at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, we have genetically rearranged various viruses and bacteria as part of our medical research. In fact, we have been able to create entirely new types of DNA molecules by splicing together the genetic information from different organisms - recombinant DNA.
Christina Lauren, Dark Wild Night|Steve Perry versus Arnel Pineda. At his confused expression, I explain, "The guy on YouTube who gained a following for covering Journey songs...then eventually became the new lead singer for the band?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you allow yourself to remember that you truly are a multidimensional being, you will begin experiencing yourself in a much more expanded way. What previously was believed to be supernatural becomes natural. Then you come to a realisation that now you can see what has always been there yet it remained hidden to you who chose to see something else.
E'yen A. Gardner, Humbly Submitting to Change - The Wilderness Experience|By comparison with other less hectic days, the city is uncomfortable and inconvenient; but New Yorkers temperamentally do not crave comfort and convenience- if they did they would live elsewhere.
Garey  Gordon, The Values Pursued Life: Excellence and Greatness from Within|It is on the consciousness level of the heart that we begin to understand that we are not separated from life. We begin to understand that we are not small separate islands in a great ocean, but that life is one and that we all are small parts of the Whole. We begin to understand what is really important and meaningful in life. It is on the consciousness level of the heart that we begin to understand that life is about sharing, rather than hoarding. We begin to understand that life is about giving, rather than taking.
Pete Wentz, Gray|We are born with the need for a leader, someone to control the conflict between each individual's need. An alpha in the house, an alpha at work, an alpha in the church and in the White House.
Eddie Vedder|For the longest time I was just trying to find someone to love as much as I loved you, but now I realize that’s never going to happen....
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|As they walked, a sudden rush of wind hurled low across the grass, bringing with it the scent of moving water and rocks hidden in shadows, and Blue thrilled again and again with the knowledge that magic was real, magic was real, magic was real.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Many times in life, those who do the most correcting, need the most correcting.
Nel Noddings, Peace Education: How We Come to Love and Hate War|The multiplicity of human identity is not just a spiritual principle, it’s a biological fact—a basic ecological reality. ... only 10% of the cells in your body belong to you. The rest are the cells of bacteria and microorganisms that call your body home, and without these symbionts living on and within your physical self, you would be unable to digest and process the nutrients necessary to keep you alive. Your physical body is teeming with a microscopic diversity of life that rivals a rainforest. The insight of the Gaia Theory—that “the Earth system behaves as a single self-regulating system comprised of physical, chemical, biological and human components”—is as much a statement about our own physical bodies as it is about the planet. If we imagine the Earth as the body of a goddess, we can also imagine our own bodies as a sacred home to an ecologically complex and diverse array of microscopic life." -- Alison Leigh Lilly, "Naming the Water: Human and Deity Identity from an Earth-Centered Perspective
Peter Jackson|Communications technology changes possibilities for communication, but that doesn't mean it changes the inherited structure of the brain. So you may think that you're addicted to online reading, but as soon as it isn't available anymore, your brain will pretty immediately adjust to other forms of reading. It's a habit like all habits.
Denise Hildreth Jones|Some things just couldn't be protectd from storms. Some things simply needed to be broken off...Once old thing were broken off, amazingly beautiful thing could grow in their place.
Maximilian Timm, The WishKeeper|When you find yourself in a very hard situation, a circumstance that holds you by the balls, that's the time you wish you were created a woman!(women don't own balls)
David Nicholls, One Day|He swatted at her with his book. "Shut up and read, will you?"He lay back down and closed his eyes. Emma glanced over to check that he was smiling, and smiled too.
Clyde Tombaugh|Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|I’ll be back with the sandwiches,” she said. “But I had some leftover seven-layer dip.”“Yum.” Percy dug in with a tortilla chip. “She’s kinda famous for this, guys.”Sally ruffled his hair. “There’s guacamole, sour cream, refried beans, salsa—”“Seven layers?” I looked up in wonder. “You knew seven is my sacred number? You invented this for me?”Sally wiped her hands on her apron. “Well, actually, I can’t take credit—”“You are too modest!” I tried some of the dip. It tasted almost as good as ambrosia nachos. “You will have immortal fame for this, Sally Jackson!
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|When money realizes that it is in good hands, it wants to stay and multiply in those hands.
C. JoyBell C.|We are all tricked. We think that religion tells us what to believe; but it doesn't, it is telling us what not to believe. Atheism is not the absence of religion; atheism is the most undiluted form of religion: it tells us not to believe in anything at all. Atheists hate the religious and the religious hate atheists, but this is only a deception! We are all deceived! There is only one boat and we are all in it! All at the same time!
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|And now he was dead, his soul fled down to the Sunless Country and his body lying cold in the cold mud, somewhere in the city's wake.
Judy Blume|[I]t's not just the books under fire now that worry me. It is the books that will never be written. The books that will never be read. And all due to the fear of censorship. As always, young readers will be the real losers.
Henry David Thoreau|Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|He came up and kissed me on my forehead, and before he stepped away, I closed my eyes and tried hard to memorize this moment. I wanted to remember him exactly as he was right then, how his arms looked brown against his white shirt, the way his hair was cut a little too short in the front. Even the bruise, there because of me.Then he was gone.Just for that moment, the thought that I might never see him again… it felt worse than death. I wanted torun after him. Tell him anything, everything. Just don’t go. Please just never go. Please just always be near me, so I can at least see you.Because it felt final. I always believed that we would find our way back to each other every time. That no matter what, we would be connected—by our history, by this house. But this time, this last time, it felt final. Like I would never see him again, or that when I did, it would be different, there would be a mountain between us.I knew it in my bones. That this time was it. I had finally made my choice, and so had he. He let me go. I was relieved, which I expected. What I didn’t expect was to feel so much grief.
Debasish Mridha|There is no human mind. There is only a universal mind. We borrow it for the time being and try to shape it in our own way to make it unique. It is like owning a plot of land. We borrow it from nature and call it our land. We try to shape it, build on it, and cultivate it.
George Pelecanos, Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go|The thirst for knowledge is like a piece of ass you know you shouldn't chase; in the end, you chase it just the same.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|The reality is that most of us communicate the same way that we grew up. That communication style becomes our normal way of dealing with issues, our blueprint for communication. It’s what we know and pass on to our own children. We either become our childhood or we make a conscious choice to change it.
Nikki Rowe|i think through it all, the hardest part was un-attaching myself to the ones I thought would stay around forever. People change and life changes with it, you've got to fight like mad for everything you love and let go with ease for everything that isn't fitting for you anymore. It is apart of maturing your soul, you attract what you need for that stage of your life, and you grow, as people change and so does life.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|What did Finnick Odair want?” he asks.I turn and put my lips close to Peeta's and drop my eyelids in imitation of Finnick. “He offered me sugar and wanted to know all my secrets,” I say in my best seductive voice.Peeta laughs. “Ugh. Not really.”“Really,” I say. “I'll tell you more when my skin stops crawling.
Oscar Isaac|When I take my kids out for dinner or lunch, people smile at us.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|If we lived for ever, what you say would be true. But we have to die, we have to leave life presently. Injustice and greed would be the real thing if we lived for ever. As it is, we must hold to other things, because Death is coming. I love death - not morbidly, but because He explains. He shows me the emptiness of Money. Death and Money are the eternal foes. Not Death and Life. . . . Death destroys a man: the idea of Death saves him. Behind the coffins and the skeletons that stay the vulgar mind lies something so immense that all that is great in us responds to it. Men of the world may recoil from the charnel-house that they will one day enter, but Love knows better. Death is his foe, but his peer, and in their age-long struggle the thews of Love have been strengthened, and his vision cleared, until there is no one who can stand against him.
Émile Zola, Thérèse Raquin|I found one day in school a boy of medium size ill-treating a smaller boy. I expostulated, but he replied: "The bigs hit me, so I hit the babies; that's fair." In these words he epitomized the history of the human race.
Lynda Barry|Jon Stewart, Bill Maher, Stephen Colbert. Those are the guys I look at who are telling me pretty much the truth. And they throw humor into it which makes it much more interesting to listen to.
Leo Tolstoy|In everything, almost in everything, I wrote I was guided by the need of collecting ideas which, linked together, would be the expression of myself, though each individual idea, expressed separately in words, loses its meaning, is horribly debased when only one of the links, of which it forms a part, is taken by itself. But the interlinking of these ideas is not, I think, an intellectual process, but something else, and it is impossible to express the source of this interlinking directly in words; it can only be done indirectly by describing images, actions, and situations in words.
Confucius|How will I ever get out of this labyrinth!" to a margin note written in her loop-heavy cursive: Straight & Fast.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|What'll Geoffrey do when you pull off your First, my child?" demanded Miss Ha
Samar Sudha|Looking back, my greatest regret is not that I didn't love them enough (to the brink of insanity and back again), but that I couldn't save them from themselves.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|dedication is consistency, consecration and separation
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each day that comes is not a privilege to think about wrong people and things in a negative way and disturb not just your mind, but your heart as well! Each day is however, a great privilege to be thankful to God and mind the business of your life; how to summon all challenges, limit your mistakes and improve your staying power, and how to move your footsteps to live noble and indelible footprints!
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Well,” Tessa said, sighting along the line of the knife, “you behave as if you dislike me. In fact, you behave as if you dislike us all.”“I don’t,” Gabriel said. “I just dislike him.” He pointed at Will.“Dear me,” said Will, and he took another bite of his apple. “Is it because I’m better-looking than you?
Publishers Weekly, Publishers Weekly|Robin looked at Daniel and had the meanest thought of her life: "He'll do.
Michael T. Flynn|Donald Trump's leadership, decision-making and problem solving will restore America's role as the undeniable and unquestioned world leader.
Elliot Perlman, The Street Sweeper|Fussing over food was important. It gave a shape to the day: breakfast, lunch, dinner; beginning, middle, end.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Advent creates people, new people.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Curt, my husband, is a writer, and he’ll never write again. That’s our funeral, as they say down south. Now in your case, my pet, you’re married to a phenomenon of our own special epoch, a man who couldn’t in a thousand years be a writer in the only meaning of the term, but who can and probably will write a book.
Divyanka Tripathi|I've been dating since I was 15 years old, and I just don't seem to do it well.
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|Just for the record the weather today is slightly sarcastic, with a good chance of A. indifference and B. disinterest in what the critics say.
David Lynch|There's a certain type of character that you can't help but come in contact with growing up and living in Brooklyn and Long Island. A certain mixture of moxie, heart, and a wise guy sense of humor.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|In desperate love, we always invent the characters of our partners, demanding they be what we need of them, and then feeling devastated when they refuse to perform the role we created in the first place.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Man has less than he suspects of: Time, Friends, Hopes, Qualities.Proverb
Michael Peshkam|Beware the irrational, however seductive. Shun the ‘transcendent’ and all who invite you to subordinate or annihilate yourself. Don’t be afraid to be thought arrogant or selfish. Picture all experts as if they were mammals. Never be a spectator of unfairness or stupidity. Seek out argument and disputation for their own sake; the grave will provide plenty of time for silence.
Chris Christie|They said it was impossible to touch the third rail of politics, to take on public-sector unions and to reform a pension and health benefits system that was headed to bankruptcy. But with bipartisan leadership, we saved taxpayers $132 billion dollars over 30 years and saved retirees their pensions. We did it.
E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel|The human mind is not a dignified organ, and I do not see how we can exercise it sincerely except through eclecticism. And the only advice I would offer my fellow eclectics is: "Do not be proud of your inconsistency. It is a pity, it is a pity that we should be equipped like this. It is a pity that Man cannot be at the same time impressive and truthful.
Aasif Mandvi|Smile, it's better than a poke in the eye.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The ability to remain constant, whole and playful, even while working technically, concentrating and upholding urgency, is essential to achieve a state of balance that will allow for this to happen. This has to come to life, and cannot stay just an idea or hope or intention or imitation, or ignored. The guarantee and proof that this balance and power is real is in its actualization. That is, that it manifests in functional reality. As in any intention, whether that be vague or specific, an ambition or desire, a goal or state of being, a question or hope, a curiosity or purpose, there exist natural and unnatural obstacles to its realization.
Thomas Merton, Zen and the Birds of Appetite|It is this kind of consciousness, exacerbated to an extreme, which has made inevitable the so called "death of God." Cartesian thought began with an attempt to reach God as object by starting from the thinking self. But when God becomes object, he sooner or later "dies," because God as object is ultimately unthinkable. God as object is not only a mere abstract concept, but one which contains so many internal contradictions that it becomes entirely nonnegotiable except when it is hardened into an idol that is maintained in existence by a sheer act of will. For a long time man continued to be capable of this willfulness: but now the effort has become exhausting and many Christians have realised it to be futile. Relaxing the effort, they have let go the "God-object" which their fathers and grandfathers still hoped to manipulate for their own ends. Their weariness has accounted for the element of resentment which made this a conscious "murder" of the deity. Liberated from the strain of willfully maintaining an object-God in existence, the Cartesian consciousness remains none the less imprisoned in itself. Hence the need to break out of itself and to meet "the other" in "encounter," "openness," "fellowship," "communion".
Chris Thrall, Eating Smoke: One Man's Descent Into Crystal Meth Psychosis in Hong Kong's Triad Heartland|Now, I don’t think I’m a stupid guy. I’m just an average guy who doesstupid things.
C.S. Lewis|Even though Paul knew farewells were inevitable, he still formed deep relationships.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|I had this great idea: I should get a job. Freelancing came with freedom, but maybe what I required was a cage.
Pablo Neruda, Selected Poems|Well, nowIf little by little you stop loving meI shall stop loving youLittle by littleIf suddenly you forget meDo not look for meFor I shall already have forgotten youIf you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my lifeAnd you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have rootsRememberThat on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my armsAnd my roots will set off to seek another land
Mehmet Murat ildan|If your mind is misty, your life will be misty; if your mind is sunny, your life will be sunny! Your life will be the reflection of your mind, of your thoughts! If there is a candle in your mind, your life will not know what utter darkness is!
Henry Spencer Ashbee|The emotions between the races could never be pure; even love was tarnished by the desire to find in the other some element that was missing in ourselves. Whether we sought out our demons or salvation, the other race would always remain just that: menacing, alien, and apart.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|I never realised how powerful desire could be. It consumes every part of you, enhancing your senses by a million.
Ali Shaw, The Girl With Glass Feet|I'm smile when I look into your eyes; yet, I'm still not Okay.
Georgette Heyer, The Nonesuch|The common denominator of all jokes is a path of expectation that is diverted by an unexpected twist necessitating a complete reinterpretation of all the previous facts — the punch-line…Reinterpretation alone is insufficient. The new model must be inconsequential. For example, a portly gentleman walking toward his car slips on a banana peel and falls. If he breaks his head and blood spills out, obviously you are not going to laugh. You are going to rush to the telephone and call an ambulance. But if he simply wipes off the goo from his face, looks around him, and then gets up, you start laughing. The reason is, I suggest, because now you know it’s inconsequential, no real harm has been done. I would argue that laughter is nature’s way of signaling that "it’s a false alarm." Why is this useful from an evolutionary standpoint? I suggest that the rhythmic staccato sound of laughter evolved to inform our kin who share our genes; don’t waste your precious resources on this situation; it’s a false alarm. Laughter is nature’s OK signal.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|The rabbit hole has collapsed, and my key is melded to a nugget of worthless metal.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God beckons me to exhilarating adventures that are without number, beyond all conceivable boundaries, and effortlessly eclipse the furthest reaches of my imagination, all while I sit languishing in stifling adventures of my own limited creation.
V.S. Naipaul, A Way in the World|In New York, I would walk down shadowy sidewalks dreaming of the openness of central Ohio, yearning for roads flanked by fields, for their freedom and isolation. These roads cradled me. I realized this now. I’d been trying to hate Ohio, because it was so hard to be at home. But the land had actually always been there for me all along. As a child, the moon had lit my room on sad nights. I’d wandered cornfields and puttered around at Lehman’s Pond. Those were some of my best childhood memories.
Nelson Mandela, Conversations With Myself|True humility does not know that it is humble. If it did, it would be proud from the contemplation of so fine a virtue.
Anya Taylor-Joy|I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.
J. Thomas Steele, Questions for Couples:  What to Ask BEFORE You Say "I Do"|You’re each others ‘The One', just make sure you are each other’s RIGHT one.
John Banville, The Sea|Although it was autumn and not summer the dark-gold sunlight and the inky shadows, long and slender in the shape of felled cypresses, were the same, and there was the same sense of everything drenched and jewelled and the same ultramarine glitter on the sea. I felt inexplicably lightened; it was as if the evening, in all the drench and drip of its fallacious pathos, had temporarily taken over from me the burden of grieving.
Chris Hadfield, An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth|My optimism and confidence come not from feeling I'm luckier than other mortals, and they sure don't come from visualizing victory. They're the result of a lifetime spent visualizing defeat and figuring out how to prevent it. Like most astronauts, I'm pretty sure that I can deal with what life throws at me because I've thought about what to do if things go wrong, as well as right. That's the power of negative thinking.
Debasish Mridha|If you know the results, why will you try to solve the problem? If you know the meaning of life, why will you try to understand it? Sometimes it is better not to know the answer.
Nehali Lalwani|The truth, Ms Rainn, is that advice and inspirational quotes and sayings may give you a kick start, but it's up to you to keep that motivation alive.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every time the long-forgotten people of the past are remembered, they are born again!
Debasish Mridha|At the time of departure from this beautiful world, you will able to take only one asset with you, and that is the love you gave away and the love you have received.
Plato|There is a stage you reach, Deagle thinks, a time somewhere in early middle age, when your past ceases to be about yourself. Your connection to your former life is like a dream or delirium, and that person who you once were is merely a fond acquaintance, or a beloved character from a storybook. This is how memory becomes nostalgia. They are two very different things - the same way that a person is different from a photograph of a person.
Thomas Kuhn|It is, I think, particularly in periods of acknowledged crisis that scientists have turned to philosophical analysis as a device for unlocking the riddles of their field. Scientists have not generally needed or wanted to be philosophers. Indeed, normal science usually holds creative philosophy at arm's length, and probably for good reason. To the extent that normal research work can be conducted by using the paradigm as a model, rules and assumptions need not be made explicit. The full set of rules sought by philosophical analysis need not even exist.
Erik Pevernagie|If reshaping a life style boils down to pretending and dwindling into a world of make-believe, living may turn into a schizophrenic merry-go-round and the real self might be crunched and munched on, piece by piece. (“He did not know that she knew”)
Jim Butcher, Summer Knight|Sometimes the most remarkable things seem commonplace. I mean, when you think about it, jet travel is pretty freaking remarkable. You get in a plane, it defies the gravity of an entire planet by exploiting a loophole with air pressure, and it flies across distances that would take months or years to cross by any means of travel that has been significant for more than a century or three. You hurtle above the earth at enough speed to kill you instantly should you bump into something, and you can only breathe because someone built you a really good tin can that has seams tight enough to hold in a decent amount of air. Hundreds of millions of man-hours of work and struggle and research, blood, sweat, tears, and lives have gone into the history of air travel, and it has totally revolutionized the face of our planet and societies.But get on any flight in the country, and I absolutely promise you that you will find someone who, in the face of all that incredible achievement, will be willing to complain about the drinks.The drinks, people.That was me on the staircase to Chicago-Over-Chicago. Yes, I was standing on nothing but congealed starlight. Yes, I was walking up through a savage storm, the wind threatening to tear me off and throw me into the freezing waters of Lake Michigan far below. Yes, I was using a legendary and enchanted means of travel to transcend the border between one dimension and the next, and on my way to an epic struggle between ancient and elemental forces.But all I could think to say, between panting breaths, was, 'Yeah. Sure. They couldn’t possibly have made this an escalator.
Alberto Moravia, The Woman of Rome|This thought strengthened in me my belief that all men, without exception, deserve to be pitied, if only because they are alive.
Hugh Jackman|My mother wanted to name me Jackie or Jacqueline but she got to name my sister and my brother, so my dad and my brother insisted on naming me. And they were big fans of 'The Little Mermaid.'
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Some facts have been explored at deeper level others not... but still there will come one question probably you will thought that what you see outside of the Earth I mean in the space... that's all... but unfortunately, it's not all there is more and more out there!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Featherweight by Suzy KassemOne evening,I sat by the ocean and questioned the moon about my destiny.I revealed to it that I was beginning to feel smaller compared to others,Because the more secrets of the universe I would unlock,The smaller in size I became.I didn't understand why I wasn't feeling larger instead of smaller.I thought that seeking Truth was what was required of us all –To show us the way, not to make us feel lost,Up against the odds,In a devilish game partitioned byAn invisible wall.Then the next morning,A bird appeared at my window, just as the sun beganSpreading its yolk over the horizon.It remained perched for a long time,Gazing at me intently, to make sure I knew I wasn’t dreaming.Then its words gently echoed throughout my mind,Telling me:'The world you are in –Is the true hell.The journey to Truth itselfIs what quickens the heart to become lighter.The lighter the heart, the purer it is.The purer the heart, the closer to light it becomes.And the heavier the heart,The more chained to this hellIt will remain.'And just like that, it flew off towards the sun,Leaving behind a tiny feather.So I picked it up,And fastened it to a toothpick,To dip into inkAnd write my name.
Marie Darrieussecq, My Phantom Husband|Over the following days and weeks I would come to see, with mounting weariness, that this was to be the pattern of my life from now on: marginal and grim; my habitual daydreams and memories of our life as a couple reduced to nothing, to stuttering salvoes, by the gunpowder of the simple physical truth of my husband's absence.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|News flash, Bozo. Don't ever tell a girl to relax. It only makes us madder.
Julie Kagawa, The Eternity Cure|This is the most I have ever been in the sewers in one place. If someone had said to me a month ago, 'Hey, Jackal, guess where you'll be spending most of your time in New Covington? Ankle-deep in shit!' I would've ripped their lips off.
Kahlil Gibran, The Garden of The Prophet|Oftentimes we call Life bitter names, but only when we ourselves are bitter and dark. And we deem her empty and unprofitable, but only when the soul goes wandering in desolate places, and the heart is drunken with overmindfulness of self.Life is deep and high and distant; and though only your vast vision can reach even her feet, yet she is near; and though only the breath of your breath reaches her heart, the shadow of your shadow crosses her face, and the echo of your faintest cry becomes a spring and an autumn in her breast.And life is veiled and hidden, even as your greater self is hidden and veiled. Yet when Life speaks, all the winds become words; and when she speaks again, the smiles upon your lips and the tears in your eyes turn also into words. When she sings, the deaf hear and are held; and when she comes walking, the sightless behold her and are amazed and follow her in wonder and astonishment.
Tom Tancredo|The Democratic Party looks at massive immigration, legal and illegal, as a source of voters.
Bruce Sterling, Burning Chrome|In the desert there is no sign that says, 'Thou shalt not eat stones.
Siddharth Seksaria|Chances are like criticism; few like to take it, some love to give it, yet most never see it.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|How had this happened? Everyone in the world knew more than us, about everything, and this I hated then found hugely comforting.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most people I met they have more potential than me, but I don't know why they are not using it to step up.
Alice MIller, The Drama of the gifted child|Although the outward picture of depression is quite the opposite of that of grandiosity and has a quality that expresses the tragedy of the loss of self in a more obvious way, they have many points in common:-	The false self that has led to the loss of the potential true self -	A fragility of self-esteem because of a lack of confidence in one’s own feelings and wishes-	Perfectionism-	Denial of rejected feelings-	A preponderance of exploitative relationships-	An enormous fear of loss of love and therefore a great readiness to conform-	Split-off aggression-	Oversensitivity-	A readiness to feel shame and guilt-	Restlessness
Steven Holl|Relativity challenges your basic intuitions that you've built up from everyday experience. It says your experience of time is not what you think it is, that time is malleable. Your experience of space is not what you think it is; it can stretch and shrink.
Debbie Ford, Spiritual Divorce: Divorce as a Catalyst for an Extraordinary Life|Surrender is the ultimate sign of strength and the foundation for a spiritual life. Surrendering affirms that we are no longer willing to live in pain. It expresses a deep desire to transcend our struggles and transform our negative emotions. It commands a life beyond our egos, beyond that part of ourselves that is continually reminding us that we are separate, different and alone. Surrendering allows us to return to our true nature and move effortlessly through the cosmic dance called life. It's a powerful statement that proclaims the perfect order of the universe.When you surrender your will, you are saying, "Even though things are not exactly how I'd like them to be, I will face my reality. I will look it directly in the eye and allow it to be here." Surrender and serenity are synonymous; you can't experience one without the other. So if it's serenity you're searching for, it's close by. All you have to do is resign as General Manager of the Universe. Choose to trust that there is a greater plan for you and that if you surrender, it will be unfolded in time. Surrender is a gift that you can give yourself. It's an act of faith. It's saying that even though I can't see where this river is flowing, I trust it will take me in the right direction.
Sylvia Day, Entwined with You|What the hell was I supposed to do, Eva? I didn’t know you existed.” Gideon’s voice deepened, roughened. “If I’d known you were out there, I would’ve hunted you down. I wouldn’t have waited a second to find you. But I didn’t know, and I settled for less. So did you. We both wasted ourselves on the wrong people.
Nathalie Saade, Poisoned Rose|She pushed a finger against his shoulder, pushing him so he was flat on his back on the bed. "Now behave yourself and I'll show you how much fun I can be.
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|Every man carries with him through life a mirror, as unique and impossible to get rid of as his shadow.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Now, a third and final trait, one which, in my eyes, best describes socialists of all schools and shades, is a profound opposition to personal liberty and scorn for individual reason, a complete contempt for the individual. They unceasingly attempt to mutilate, to curtail, to obstruct personal freedom in any and all ways. They hold that the State must not only act as the director of society, but must further be master of each man, and not only master, but keeper and trainer. [“Excellent.”] For fear of allowing him to err, the State must place itself forever by his side, above him, around him, better to guide him, to maintain him, in a word, to confine him. They call, in fact, for the forfeiture, to a greater or less degree, of human liberty, [Further signs of assent.] to the point where, were I to attempt to sum up what socialism is, I would say that it was simply a new system of serfdom.
Sabrina Newby|Don't be afraid. Change is such a beautiful thing", said the Butterfly.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|I know my rights.""And I know you're wrong.
Michael S. Horton|The gospel of submission, commitment, decision, and victorious living is not good news about what God has achieved but a demand to save ourselves with God’s help. Besides the fact that Scripture never refers to the gospel as having a personal relationship with Jesus nor defines faith as a decision to ask Jesus to come into our heart, this concept of salvation fails to realize that everyone has a personal relationship with God already: either as a condemned criminal standing before a righteous judge or as a justified coheir with Christ and adopted child of the Father.
Shannon L. Alder|Love?' he asked himself, giving no sense of recognition for that word in the dictionary of his mind. It was the only battle he had lost in life, the only thing that had been snatched away from him, before he could even claim it.
Rosemary O'Malley, The Red King|One cannot live on cock alone," Etienne called out as he left the stable. "God knows I've tried!
Frank Wanderer|Life had broken her; just as it had broken him. But when they got together, their pieces became whole. And they continued on their journey, together, mended as one.
Farshad Asl|Happiness attracts success. Happy people perform at a much higher level with less burnout, greater productivity, and more resilience. You can't win being unhappy.
Dwight L. Moody|God gave you a gift of 84,600 seconds today. Have you used one of them to say thank you?
Chester Bennington|Well, that's why smart people get tripped up with worry and fear. Worry...fear...is just a misuse of the creative imagination that has been placed in each of us. Because we are smart and creative, we imagine all the things that could happen, that might happen, that will happen if this or that happens. See what I mean?
H. G. Wells|I went through withdrawal when I got out of graduate school. It's what you learn, what you think. That's all that counts.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|Always remember, that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
Peggy Noonan|Alan was always interested in politics in a major way. He actually believes that anarchy is a politically viable system, but I don't. I was always interested in putting forward the ideas that represented my viewpoint. I feel the same about anything I'm doing.
JP Morelands|A Christian goes to college to discover his vocation - and to develop skills necessary to occupy a section of cultural, intellectual domain in a manner worthy of the kingdom of God.A believer also goes to college to gain general information and habits of thought necessary for developing a well-structured soul suitable for a well-informed, good citizen of both earthly and heavenly kingdoms.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Don't judge those, who are doing something bad, judge these, who told them do do that.
Roman Payne|In the boundaryless forests, there’re dancers of nude.Yet in the confines of pasture, there’s promise of food.On which is your side?Ô, but tarry and bide,ere you decide,in both do confide.
Anthony Liccione|I can have patience for anything, but it's waiting for love, that kills me a little each day.
John  Richardson, A Life of Picasso: The Triumphant Years: 1917-1932|Erik Satie died on July 1, 1925; his last words were 'Ah, the cows...
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|The stains could be seen only in the sunlight, so Ruth was never really aware of them until later, when she would stop at an outdoor cafe for a cup of coffee, and look down at her skirt and see the dark traces of spilled vodka or whiskey. The alcohol had the effect of making the black cloth blacker. This amused her; she had noted in her journal: 'booze affects material as it does people'.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|‎Today is a new day. It's a day you have never seen before and will never see again. Stop telling yourself the 'same crap, different day' lie! How many days has that lie stolen from you? Seize the wonder and uniqueness of today! Recognize that throughout this beautiful day, you have an incredible amount of opportunities to move your life into the direction you want it to go.
Buddy Hackett|I believe that the Framers of the Constitution made their intent clear when they wrote the First Amendment. I believe they wanted to keep the new government from endorsing one religion over another, not erase the public consciousness or common faith.
Jennifer   Wilson, New World: Rising|Once I had opened a book and read its pages, those characters could never be taken away from me. Even if the books were burned, they would still live on in my mind.
Roger Ebert|Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Tom Brokaw|In your pursuit of your passions, always be young. In your relationship with others, always be grown-up. 
Jim Rohn|You gotta lose 'em some of the time. When you do, lose 'em right.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Every day, let our words blossom lotus in some one's heart.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.
Darren Shan, The Thin Executioner|I've come to believe that we, as people, only tend to remember only certain of what we hear or read just for that reason. Most of what we retain coincide with our personal beliefs and feelings and the rest, we throw away into the back of our minds where we keep it or forget it entirely.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|No matter how strange things get, know that with every breath, you are becoming that which you have always been.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Look in your local Christian Bookstore. You could take most of the books there, throw them into the sea, and not lose anything valuable. The vast majority of them are just placebos that superficially attack trivial problems. During the eras when the church was most holy, Christians had very few books to read, but the ones they did have told them how to have a relationship with God. Most books today don't do that.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole - And Other Cosmic Quandaries|Time and space are finite in extent, but they don't have any boundary or edge. They would be like the surface of the earth, but with two more dimensions.
Mariangela Camocardi, Insegnami a sognare|Sono stata ammaliata dal fascino sfacciato e intrigante della Belle Epoque.Sfacciato perché, per la prima volta, in quell’epoca le distinzioni di classe perdevano d’importanza davanti all’irrompere dei tempi moderni. In effetti lo stile di vita borghese si evolve raggiungendo e talvolta superando in splendore, classe e mondanità l’aristocrazia medesima.Intrigante in quanto l’umanità accoglie unanime un rinnovamento sociale, culturale, tecnico, artistico senza precedenti.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|I believe in love the verb, not the noun.
Edward Gibbon|The biggest direct influence on my career is Ben Edlund, who gave me my first real professional break and, through his friendship and example, turned me into a writer and a more critical thinker in general.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Life Teaches You Several Things,It says 'Hi' & Gives You 'Good',It Says 'Hello' & Gives you 'Better',It says ''Wait" & Gives You "The Best
Ander Monson|Anything I run across can light up the circuitry of my brain, and set me on an adventure. To research strains of yeast; hiccup fetishists; the proper use of inverse, obverse, converse and reverse; the ratio of main narrative to tangent, of forward action to aside. What else do we do but quest, pursue meaning in the information wash? Where does that storm sewer opening from the river into the city’s underneath go to, anyhow? I grab a headlamp and head in. It’s long and low and dark and stinks and extends for miles. Underneath the city is another city. The one above begins to disappear. That’s what we’re after, isn’t it? To disappear? To venture into darkness, to let what we know or think we know recede for an hour, a day, a novel’s length, and see what meaning can be made of what remains?
Amish Tripathi|There is your truth and there is my truth. As for the universal truth, it does not exist.
T. Colin Campbell, Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition|In some cases we neglect our health, because we were never told about its value.
Ella Frank, Exquisite|Whatever this shit is between us it’s always been there and it’s always gonna be there. I’m shit-fuckin’-tired tryin’ to ignore it. I’ll try to do right by you Eva, you’d be the first, but I’ll fuckin’ try my damndest. And baby, true freedom is the open road, the wind on your face and a good woman on the back of your bike holdin’ you tight like you’re her reason for breathin’ because she sure as fuck is yours.
Gloria Steinem|One of the saddest things I hear as I travel is "I don't know enough to be a feminist." Or even "I'm not smart enough to be a feminist." It breaks my heart.
Peter Godwin, When a Crocodile Eats the Sun: A Memoir of Africa|Except for the sound of the rain, on the road, on the roofs, on the umbrella, there was absolute silence: only the dying moan of the sirens continued for a moment or two to vibrate within the ear. It seemed to Scobie later that this was the ultimate border he had reached in happiness: being in darkness, alone, with the rain falling, without love or pity.
Sonja D. Jones, Wicked Washington|Excerpt from page 3 of "Wicked Washington"Shelly Williams, the main character, speaking about her life:And close and dangerous calls were almost my last name. Yet I felt as comfortable among the street hustlers, junkies, thieves, and criminals of D.C. as I did dining with mywhite-collar, college-pedigreed friends over filet mignon, Maine lobster, and strawberry cheesecake at LaMermaidSeafood Restaurant.
Melanie Pinola, LinkedIn In 30 Minutes: How to create a rock-solid LinkedIn profile and build connections that matter|A personal (Brand) is more than just a creative name, cute logo or a complimentary card; it's a promise of value, it's a distinctive voice, it’ s a core message, it's passion driven by purpose, it's a positive impact that creates an impression
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|Jean grinned down at her, and she handed him something in a small silk bag.'What's this?''Lock of my hair, ' she said. 'Meant to give it to you days ago, but we got busy with all the raiding. You know. Piracy. Hectic life. ''Thank you, love, ' he said.'Now, if you find yourself in trouble wherever you go, you can hold up that little bag to whoever's bothering you, and you can say, "You have no idea who you're fucking with. I'm under the protection of the lady who gave me this object of her favour. "''And that's supposed to make them stop?''Shit no, that's just to confuse them. Then you kill them while they're standing there looking at you funny.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|This cyberwar will be a continuous marathon war that will only compound and hyper-evolve in stealth, sophistication and easy entry due to the accelerated evolution of “as a service” attack strategies for sale on the dark web.
Robbie Vorhaus, One Less. One More.|Without setbacks and mistakes, no experience. Without experience, no learning. And without learning, you’ll never truly understand the awakening of your heart’s desires.
Seneca|Brick and blood built Astapor, and brick and blood her people.
Eveth N Colley|My existence is the only gift I have left to give, but it will have to do.
Debasish Mridha|Let us hope for the best, let us dream and go for the quest.
Colin Thompson, How To Live Forever|All who live possess eternal life, and few would trade it for an immortal body, if they truly understood what it is to be alive.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Her bedroom window overlooked the garden, and now and then, usually when she was "having a bad spell," Mr. Helm had seen her stand long hours gazing into the garden, as though what she saw bewitched her. ("When I was a girl," she had once told a friend, "I was terribly sure trees and flowers were the same as birds or people. That they thought things, and talked among themselves. And we could hear them if we really tried. It was just a matter of emptying your head of all other sounds. Being very quiet and listening very hard. Sometimes I still believe that. But one can never get quiet enough...")
Terry Pratchett|You get quick money, it's beautiful, there's sunshine, but at the end of the day, you find out it's all a masquerade, baby. It's not what it seems.
Hans-Georg Gadamer|Denmark is a country built on a commercial fleet. That's basically what we have been doing. We're just a small country of islands, and every family has a sailor. So, in many ways, my father was a sailor before I was born.
William James|Work and live to serve others, to leave the world a little better than you found it and garner for yourself as much peace of mind as you can. This is happiness.
Ralph Helfer, Modoc: The True Story of the Greatest Elephant That Ever Lived|Katrina held Bram in her arms, speaking softly, reassuringly, as they approached baby Modoc.This was an important moment, a beginning, for she knew the boy would spend his life with animals, especially elephants, and the meeting was of utmost importance. Neither the elephant nor the baby said a word. All was quiet as they looked at each other. Mo’s small trunk wormed its way up, reaching to the baby. As Bram leaned over, his little hand pulled loose from Katrina’s grasp found its way down toward the trunk. A finger extended to meet the tip of the trunk. Bram’s expression was one of curiosity; he felt the wet tip, Modoc moved her “finger” all around Bram’s hand, sliding it across each finger and the palm. A big tickle grin spread across Bram’s face, Modoc did her elephant “chirp,” a tear glistened as it ran down Katrina’s face. All was well. The future had been written.
Anton Chekhov, A Life in Letters|There are many humorous things in the world; among them, the white man's notion that he is less savage than the other savages.
Steven Magee|I am not a fan of sealed up sterile homes or Faraday cages and their use in human health, although I do understand that some people do feel relief in these environments.
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|We're artists too, but we do a good job hiding it, don't we?
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Warlord of Mars|Still we remain, still we fight. Still we strive, still we survive.
Mary Oliver, Felicity|Nostalgic memory is a sudden encounter with the thingness of the thing that has been forgotten, not the continuous desire for possessions, whether past, present, or future.
Arthur C. Clarke|Jan had always been a good pianist, and now he was the finest in the world.
William Jennings Bryan|When we are very young, our parents inadvertently program us to be what we eventually become. ~ Peggy Toney Horton
Susan Hill, I'm the King of the Castle|When you're on your own again, well celebrate your victory for not giving yourself up just to somebody.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Children can be told anything—anything. I've always been struck by seeing how little grown-up people understand children, how little parents even understand their own children. Nothing should be concealed from children on the pretext that they are little and that it is too early for them to understand. What a miserable and unfortunate idea! And how readily the children detect that their fathers consider them too little to understand anything, though they understand everything. Grown-up people do not know that a child can give exceedingly good advice even in the most difficult case.
Angelina Grimke|When their city was occupied by the Gauls, and the Romans, who were besieged in the Capitol, had made military engines from the hair of the women, they dedicated a temple to the Bald Venus.
Kimberly Brubaker Bradley, The War that Saved My Life|But what do I do with them?" Miss Smith said "I've never been around children." "Feed them, bathe them, make sure they get plenty of sleep," the doctor said. "They're no more diffi cult than puppies, really." He grinned
Barbara "Cutie" Cooper, Fall in Love for Life: Inspiration from a 73-Year Marriage|If you're bored, you're boring.
Robin Benway, Also Known As|He sounded like he was used to people swearing at him, which made no damned sense, because he was gorgeous and a hero.
Liam Cunningham|I would rather drudge out my life on a cotton plantation, till the grave opened to give me rest, than to live with an unprincipled master and a jealous mistress.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|When the voices of doubt start whispering, turn-up the volume of faith and listen to your heart.
Michael  Wood, America in the Movies or Santa Maria, It Had Slipped My Mind|We learned the shocking truth that "home" isn't necessarily a certain spot on earth. It must be a place where you can "feel" at home, which means "free" to us.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to stand on the truth that God has designed us to stand, and that the opportunity to stand is the opportunity to live exuberantly and gloriously.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|The future's another country, man... And I still ain't got a passport. 
Charlaine Harris, Poppy Done to Death|People stubbornly lived their lives as they wanted, without regard to me, to an amazing degree.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Brianna! Is Sam okay?” Astrid cried.“No. Drake tore him up.” She wanted to sound tough, but the sobs came bubbling up and overtook her. “Oh, God, Astrid, he’s hurt so bad.”Astrid gasped and covered her hand with her mouth. Brianna put her arms around Astrid and sobbed into her hair.“Is he going to die?” Astrid asked, voice wobbly.“No, I don’t think so,” Brianna said. She stood back and wiped her tears. “I gave him something for the pain. But he’s messed up, Astrid.
P.C. Cast, Hunted|I watched you while you were sleeping and you looked completely at peace. I wish I could feel that. I wish I could close my eyes and feel at peace. But I can’t. I can’t feel anything if I’m notwith you, and even then all I can do is want something that I don’t think I can ever have, at least not now. So I left this, and my peace, with you. Stark.
Iggy Pop|I'm not ashamed to dress "like a woman" because I don't think it's shameful to be a woman.
Ludwig von Mises|Baseball is only a game, a game of inches and a lot of luck. During a time of all-out war, sports are very insignificant.
Laiah Gifty Akita|If we come to Jesus Christ, He completely change us.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|This isn’t a religious book though I mention God, not a medical advisory though I speak of pain. It’s a circus, a mortuary, a grade school, a limousine ride. Will it be worth the paper it’s printed on or the screen you hold in your hand? I just hope you remember it next week.
Craig Venter|I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.
Unknown|Before you assume, learn. Before you judge, understand. Before you hurt, feel. Before you say, think.
Angel Ramon Medina|Don't needlessly draw attention to yourself. If you're twerking on the beach, a circling pteracuda could mistake you for a wounded animal.
Tavi Gevinson|At its best, life is completely unpredictable.
Terry McMillan, The Interruption of Everything|The right sort of lie, I found, could serve better than the truth.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|Your sketch is beyond the imagination, it’s beyond thevast sea with full of emotion. A wide space is there between the two, a space of freedom, space of flexibility, though they were quite close to each other, but they are not restricted to anything. When you restrict your mind, your relation starts taking a reverse direction’. Once again, the letter reminded me of Neha’s emotion, her attachments for me…
Charles Darwin, More Letters of Charles Darwin, Vol 2|Think of how many religions attempt to validate themselves with prophecy. Think of how many people rely on these prophecies, however vague, however unfulfilled, to support or prop up their beliefs. Yet has there ever been a religion with the prophetic accuracy and reliability of science? ... No other human institution comes close.
Jon Meacham|Baron Humboldt asked Jefferson, "Why are these libels allowed? Why is not this libelous journal suppressed, or its editor at least, fined and imprisoned? The question gave Jefferson a perfect opening. "Put that paper in your pocket, Baron, and should you hear the reality of our liberty, the freedom of our press, questioned, show this paper, and tell where you found it.
Orson Scott Card|That's what Ender has to understand. There really is evil in the world, and wickedness, and every brand of stupidity. There's meanness and heartlessness and... I don't even know which of them is me." - Hyrum Graff
Douglas Clegg|We kill, kill, kill. Flesh, spirit, whatever gets in our way. It's like our whole purpose is to extinguish life. And for those who live, there's memory, like a curse. We're such a mixture of frailty and cruelty.
Debasish Mridha|Have a magnificent holiday! Celebrate as if holidays are a reflection of your dreams, desires, traditions, and values all wrapped in happiness and joy.
William J. H. Boetcker|The first lesson my kids got about the ocean was to respect it. You can never turn your back on the ocean when you're dealing with tides and currents - factors beyond your control. You have to be the CEO of your family on the water. CEO stands for 'constant eyes on,' and it's something I never forget.
Sonia Rumzi|I think if a story has a message it should be incidental and accidental, otherwise it leans too close to indoctrination.
Agona Apell|Work with whatever tool you may have at your disposal, and you shall find better tool as you go ahead.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|There is a major difference between a scuba diver and a drowning man. One is in control of his experiences, the other is in over his head.
Joanna Cannon, The Trouble with Goats and Sheep|And I decided it really was true after all. You only really need two people to believe in the same thing, to feel as though you just might belong.
James Carlos Blake, Handsome Harry|I have never deceived anyone, for I have never belonged to anyone. My independence was all my wealth: I have known no other happiness.
Simone Weil|The America of my time line is a laboratory example of what can happen to democracies, what has eventually happened to all perfect democracies throughout all histories. A perfect democracy, a ‘warm body’ democracy in which every adult may vote and all votes count equally, has no internal feedback for self-correction. It depends solely on the wisdom and self-restraint of citizens… which is opposed by the folly and lack of self-restraint of other citizens. What is supposed to happen in a democracy is that each sovereign citizen will always vote in the public interest for the safety and welfare of all. But what does happen is that he votes his own self-interest as he sees it… which for the majority translates as ‘Bread and Circuses.’‘Bread and Circuses’ is the cancer of democracy, the fatal disease for which there is no cure. Democracy often works beautifully at first. But once a state extends the franchise to every warm body, be he producer or parasite, that day marks the beginning of the end of the state. For when the plebs discover that they can vote themselves bread and circuses without limit and that the productive members of the body politic cannot stop them, they will do so, until the state bleeds to death, or in its weakened condition the state succumbs to an invader—the barbarians enter Rome.
William Gurnall|We fear men so much, because we fear God so little.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Ina May Gaskin is the most important person in maternity care in North America, bar none.
René Crevel|Straight lines go too quickly to appreciate the pleasures of the journey. They rush straight to their target and then die in the very moment of their triumph without having thought, loved, suffered or enjoyed themselves. Broken lines do not know what they want. With their caprices they cut time up, abuse routes, slash the joyous flowers and split the peaceful fruits with their corners. It is another story with curved lines. The song of the curved line is called happiness.
Michael Buckley, The Everafter War|if they hadn’t both been pretending, but had had what is called a heart-to-heart talk, that is, simply told each other just what they were thinking and feeling, then they would just have looked into each other’s eyes, and Constantine would only have said: ‘You’re dying, dying, dying!’ – while Nicholas would simply have replied: ‘I know I’m dying, but I’m afraid, afraid, afraid!’ That’s all they would have said if they’d been talking straight from the heart. But it was impossible to live that way, so Levin tried to do what he’d been trying to do all his life without being able to, what a great many people could do so well, as he observed, and without which life was impossible: he tried to say something different from what he thought, and he always felt it came out false, that his brother caught him out and was irritated by it.
Jimmy Buffett, A Pirate Looks at Fifty|Songwriters write songs, but they really belong to the listener.
Ray A., Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety|Thanks, Pepe. You've put an extra night into my life. I would have spent it just sleeping like an ox, but I've lived it instead. I'm grateful.
Jane Goodall|That though the radiance which was once so bright be now forever taken from my sight. Though nothing can bring back the hour of splendor in the grass, glory in the flower. We will grieve not, rather find strength in what remains behind.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Success does not judge one man for being worthy above another. Success doesn’t choose you because of your family name or existing wealth.Success is taken by the man, who has made himself ready for its arrival. And although I am not there yet, I have come to this place to become such a man.
Frank Wanderer|Nowhere near the driver's seat, and I love this journey God's got me on!
Marty Rubin|Because if indestructible is every atom of a speck of dust, so must be immortal the spirit of a man. And if every wave of the wind creates eternity, so must the consequences of our acts. So every one of us would leave on a big Hajj to our Creator.
Ang Lee|It's a whole other ball game and I am glad that I fit into that space where, whatever it is that you want to do and you are doing as long as you are happy with it, then you know What the Heck!
Judith Martin|There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection. It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection. As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately. When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating. Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
Marcey Shapiro, Freedom From Anxiety: A Holistic Approach to Emotional Well-Being|Our observer is not affected by emotional ups and downs, our personal life dramas, or by the events of the external world. It is our observer, at the core of our being, that teaches us to let go as we begin identify with it rather than with all the hubbub of our moment-to-moment experience and our mental chatter about it.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|Get your sticky fingers away from my cookies,” Ben ordered, without turning his head, to see Jaxton trying to steal one from the cooking tray.“You weren't saying that last night,” Jaxton retaliated, coming up to Ben's side, to give him a nudge. They were both smiling, while looking down at the counter, where Ben was making his delicious rosemary cookies. “In fact, I seem to remember you grabbing my sticky fingers and putting them in your mouth,” he teased, speaking quietly, so that Lyon wouldn't hear them at the other side of the room.Ben turned to Jaxton and abandoned his baking, to catch his face in flour covered hands and plant a deep kiss on his lips.Jaxton opened his mouth, in acceptance of his kiss.~ From the Heart
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|CA-CAW. CA-CAW.	I shrieked and hit the floor.	Okay, maybe I needed a little protecting.	"Use your spear, Ingrid!" I gestured wildly at the ornate weapon. "That bird is not going back out that window without a fight. Hurry, before it pecks us to death!"	Instead of impaling the flying beast with her spear, Ingrid chuckled warmly. "Huggie, it's nice to see you again."---	"If they get to you before I can get you to the Valkyrie stronghold, you'll either be killed or tossed into one of the Nine Worlds quicker than you can say, 'Odin's my dad.
Thomas Hardy|Nature is garrulous to the point of confusion, let the artist be truly taciturn.
Henry David Thoreau|Tell people how it is, be real and be honest.If you see something wrong make sure you speak up.Being this way will naturally eliminate the snakes and fakes.
Jack Nicholson|I've always been kind of a mutt creatively. I started off in journalism, and I've actually done more police and procedural shows than I've ever done science fiction shows. I was on 'Murder She Wrote,' I was on 'Walker, Texas Ranger,' I was on 'Jake and the Fat Man.'
Pooja Ruprell|Delivering everyday greatness, or not, is up to you.
John C. Maxwell, Developing the Leader Within You|You could know a man not by what his friends said about him, but by how he treated his servants.
George Pataki|In any leadership position, you're always going to be disappointing somebody.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|But what is the point of education at all? Is it merely to cultivate the capacity of memory, passing examinations and getting a job and all the rest, or is education something entirely different? Something more!
T.S. Eliot, The Rock|Though you forget the way to the Temple,There is one who remembers the way to your door: Life you may evade, but Death you shall not. You shall not deny the Stranger.
William Paul Young, The Shack|I am what some would say 'holy, and wholly other than you.' The problem is that many folks try to grasp some sense of who I am by taking the best version of themselves, projecting that to the nth degree, factoring in all the goodness they can perceive, which often isn't much, and then call that God. And while it may seem like a noble effort, the truth is that it falls pitifully short of who I really am. I'm not merely the best version of you that you can think of. I am far more than that, above and beyond all that you can ask or think.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|Autumn imagined the girl, with long dark hair in plaits and a red cape, running through the wood and stopping because she hears something: soft paws crushing damp moss, an animal breathing. She runs on. She’s frightened. She knows what will happen is inevitable. All the while the wolf is keeping pace with her, watching her, its pink tongue lolling over its sharp, white teeth. Waiting for its chance.
Doreen Virtue|Because you’re a creation of God, you reflect the Divine qualities of creativity, wisdom, and love.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|What I am in search of is not so much the gratification of a curiosity or a passion for worldly life, but something far less conditional. I do not wish to go out into the world with an insurance policy in my pocket guaranteeing my return in the event of a disappointment, like some cautious traveller who would be content with a brief glimpse of the world. On the contrary, I desire that there should be hazards, difficulties and dangers to face; I am hungry for reality, for tasks and deeds, and also for privation and suffering.
Debasish Mridha|As a teacher, the desire to teach is valuable, but the desire to educate is priceless.
John Keats|Yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who is the Saviour? The Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
Tony McCoy|I don't even know why, but I've just always done it - I don't walk on handicapped parking spaces. I don't like to step on the blue lines. I always step over them. I don't know what the deal is. I don't know if it's a fear of injury, or a disrespectful thing, or if I just don't want to think about something like that happening.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Jobs's intensity was also evident in his ability to focus. He would set priorities, aim his laser attention on them, and filter out distractions. If something engaged him- the user interface for the original Macintosh, the design of the iPod and iPhone, getting music companies into the iTunes Store-he was relentless. But if he did not want to deal with something - a legal annoyance, a business issue, his cancer diagnosis, a family tug- he would resolutely ignore it. That focus allowed him to say no. He got Apple back on track by cutting all except a few core products. He made devices simpler by eliminating buttons, software simpler by eliminating features, and interfaces simpler by eliminating options. He attributed his ability to focus and his love of simplicity to his Zen training. It honed his appreciation for intuition, showed him how to filter out anything that was distracting or unnecessary, and nurtured in him an aesthetic based on minimalism.
Hannu Rajaniemi, The Fractal Prince|Your voice is the wildest thing you own,” Brooke says to me. “And you’re giving it away. You can’t see it. Your obsession is blinding you.” He is angry. He is talking in shorthand. “You’re losing yourself.
Francine Jay, The Joy of Less, A Minimalist Living Guide: How to Declutter, Organize, and Simplify Your Life|True eloquence is irresistible. It charms by its images of beauty, it enforces an argument by its vehement simplicity. Orators whose speeches are "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing," only prevail where truth is not understood, for knowledge and simplicity are the foundation of all true eloquence. Eloquence abounds in beautiful and natural images, sublime but simple conceptions, in passionate but plain words. Burning words appeal to the emotions as well as to the intellect; they stir the soul and touch the heart.
David Edward Wagner, Marvelous Things|You can use logic to justify just about anything, that's its power and its flaw.
Harry Dean Stanton|When I am myself, I am happy and have a good result.
Criss Jami, Healology|If only we were all better educated. If then, higher education would at last be a journey for skill and knowledge rather than for power and status.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|If everyone knew exactly what I was going to say, then there would be no point in my saying it, would there?
Urjit Patel|After my father died, we were pretty much wiped out financially as a family, so I decided to give finance a try.
Katie McGarry, Take Me On|This doesn’t mean anything,” Haley whispers as she reaches up and pulls at the Velcro of my glove.“Yes, it does.” I bring my arms to my sides and the instant the gloves fall to the floor, my hands latch on to that beautiful body. “Tell me, Haley. Please tell me it does because this means something to me.
Albert Einstein|Everything has changed. . . except the way we think. The aim [of education] must be the training of independently acting and thinking individuals, who, however, see in the service of community their highest life problems
Charles Stanley|Remember that the revolution is what is important, and each one of us, alone, is worth nothing.
T.J. Wolf, A GLEAM OF LIGHT|The machines of this place are failing, and the woman and I are here all alone. The perpetual motion engine, as brilliant and beautiful as it is, is running down—nothing lasts forever. But before this little world falls out of the sky there still might be time enough for redemption. There is still time for me to say the words that I should have had the courage to say at the beginning.There is still time, perhaps, for one more miracle.Hello, Miranda.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can wait for success for days,you want it.If you can wait for success for weeks,you desire it.If you can wait for success for years,you need it.If you can wait for success for decades,you deserve it.If you can wait for success for a lifetime,it is already yours.
Ravinder Singh|if you want it really, you get it !!!
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|What the gurus were now selling was rehashed woo-woo! Now with NAPS you can truly use the Law of Attraction to its full potential, making all of those self-help books and audios obsolete!
Piper Faust, Idiots I've Seen Naked|He's probably somewhere right now eating a Big-N-Tasty. The man has a coffee pot, a microwave, AND a mini refrigerator in his classrooom. If you plan on having a conversation with him, I suggest you do it over the phone. Otherwise, you'll need a motorcycle helmet just to avoid the Snickers shrapnel flying from his mouth!
Lewis Spence, British Fairy Origins|There are many gods . . . gods of beauty and magic, gods of the garden, gods in our own backyards, but we go off to foreign countries to find new ones, we reach to the stars to find new ones--. . . . The god of the church is a jealous god; he cannot live in peace with other gods.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|As long as you believed it was coming, the dream was actually on its way. All things in the universe that were required to see the dream come true were gathering for your benefit. However, and this is where most men fail, the moment you entertain doubt or fear, all of those forces reverse and the things, the ideas, the situations, the people you need immediately draw away from you.Our negative thoughts actually and literally cause the blessings to be repelled. if you can picture what you want, and believe that it is on its way, but God's law it must come.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The human mind has a primordial affinity towards ideas of miracles and mysticism, especially, in times of weakness.
Charles D'Ambrosio|[The thief-taker] was conspicuous by his age, I should estimate he is in his middle fifties, and by a bearing, I am tempted to call it dignity, wanting in the others. He has a good head of hair, only a bit thin on top, blond going grey, and sea green eyes. He has an excellently carved set of teeth, but displays them rarely. He has a trim figure, unusual in a profession that consists largely of loitering around taverns, but any illusion that he is especially fit is dispelled when he begins to move, for he is a little bit halt, and a little bit lame, stiff in the joints and given to frequent sighs and grimaces that hint at pains internal.
Darren Hardy, The Compound Effect: Jumpstart Your Income, Your Life, Your Success|Purpose creates a belief in a higher power, directing you toward your goal on the best path possible.
Meg Cabot|Write the kind of story you would like to read. People will give you all sorts of advice about writing, but if you are not writing something you like, no one else will like it either.
Woo Myung, Stop Living In This Land, Go To The Everlasting World Of Happiness, Live There Forever|Man's mind is made up of illusionary pictures. Consequently, when he throws away these pictures Truth will enter into his mind, and he will know Truth to the extent of what he has discarded. This is enlightenment.
Fredrik Sjöberg, The Fly Trap: A Book about Summer, Islands and the Freedom of Limits|Everyone tends to think of October as being an autumn month. Not so much in south Alabama, usually. There, it's another warm, if not hot, summer month. But the Alabama summer heat will sometimes get broken by cooler days. The haze of the depth of summer lifts, the humidity backs off, and the sky takes on a clearer, sharper blueness that the more languid summer days rarely could manage. And sometimes, there will be a day where the temperature gives a clear peek of what's coming.
C. JoyBell C.|Inside every woman, is a crazy girl. And we all know what I'm talking about. That part of you that is entangled with insecurities, fears, and absolute insanity! The art of femininity lies in the molding, pounding, and defeating of that crazy girl on a daily basis! Look at any woman, and you're looking at a woman fighting a daily battle, wielding her weapons in war, every day! I have said it before and I'll say it again: it is never easy being a woman! And if we could only pound that crazy, insecure girl out of ourselves, it would make such the difference!
Samuel Richardson|Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.
Gavin Maxwell, Ring of Bright Water|You have never seen such animals as these who without a sound or a sign carry you off. You race with them across the long familiar ground that in that moment seems so glorious, so charged with beauty, strange. In their jaws you are carried so effortlessly, with such great care that you think it will never end, you long for it not to end, and then you wake and know that, indeed, they have not brought you back.
Nichole McElhaney, Poetry for Feral Faeries and Rogue Princesses|I always felt it wouldpass.I listened to the charges against meknowing some of them to be truebut certainly notimportant enoughto become the target ofviolence, envy,vengeance.I thought it would surelypass.
Michael Schumacher|I wanted to be successful, not famous.
Beeban Kidron|Quite simply, my diet has and will always be everything in moderation. People look at Olympic athletes and think they must cut out all those things everyone else indulges in, and speaking for myself, I never did.
Chris A. Jackson|Here’s a little mote of wisdom: Not everyone who claims to be an expert, is indeed an expert. Please note: I have never claimed to be an expert on anything except perhaps making the perfect omelet, and if you don’t like spicy, you’d probably argue with me on that one, too. In fact, anyone claiming to be an expert on anything, in my opinion, should immediately be viewed with suspicion, or be able to produce a PhD Diploma on the subject he or she is professing to be expert in.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|An older, inebriated Scot who looked like he'd been sitting on his barstool all day looked me up and down, then smelled the air. "Heh, neebr, goat a deid an'mal in yer bac'pac, or iz it ye tha' bloody stinks?"My brain took a moment to translate. "Actually, yes, there is a dead animal in my backpack, but I probably stink, too.
John Barnes, One for the Morning Glory|I remember when we found the first population of living Cerion agassizi in central Eleuthera. Our hypothesis of Cerion's general pattern required that two predictions be affirmed (or else we were in trouble): this population must disappear by hybridization with mottled shells toward bank-interior coasts and with ribby snails toward the bank-edge. We hiked west toward the bank-interior and easily found hybrids right on the verge of the airport road. We then moved east toward the bank-edge along a disused road with vegetation rising to five feet in the center between the tire paths. We should have found our hybrids but we did not. The Cerion agassizi simply stopped about two hundred yards north of our first ribby Cerion. Then we realized that a pond lay just to our east and that ribby forms, with their coastal preferences, might not favor the western side of the pond. We forded the pond and found a classic hybrid zone between Cerion agassizi and ribby Cerions. (Ribby Cerion had just managed to round the south end of the pond, but had not moved sufficiently north along the west side to establish contact with C. agassizi populations.) I wanted to shout for joy. Then I thought, "But who can I tell; who cares?" And I answered myself, "I don't have to tell anyone. We have just seen and understood something that no one has ever seen and understood before. What more does a man need?
David Foster Wallace|I felt alone out there, like I was on a desert island. I felt like Gilligan.
Sara Sheridan|I spend a lot of time imagining things - in fact, you could say that imagining things is my job.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Solitary Summer|Books have their idiosyncrasies as well as people, and will not show me their full beauties unless the place and time in which they are read suits them.
Henry Fielding, The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling|For I hope my Friends will pardon me, when I declare, I know none of them without a Fault; and I should be sorry if I could imagine, I had any Friend who could not see mine. Forgiveness, of this Kind, we give and demand in Turn.
Siobhan Davis, Keeping Kyler|..,When the call ended, Haley went back into the bedroom where Falon was lying in bed with an arm over her eyes. “That was Cindy, right?” Falon asked. “Yes, and my parents are driving her crazy. I have to call them. If you want a laugh, listen to my half of the conversation.” Haley climbed into the bed next to Falon and leaned her back against the headboard. She blew out a breath and pressed a button on her phone. “Hey, Dad, I’m… I am fine… yes, I can hear you both… Well, I’m sorry… I am fine,” Haley said forcefully. “No… no… I mean it, no. I’m a grown—late tonight. No… no… absolutely not. Neither of you drive at night—no. I said no. I’m fine… I am fine… no.” She grinned at Falon when she laughed softly. “I’m not alone… no. Another ship passenger—female. No… I know. I’m a grown woman! Yes, I realize that—no! Well, this is why…. no. Yes, but don’t show up before dawn. No. That doesn’t make any sense, no. This call is a dollar a minute… no. Yes, you can bring breakfast. Yes, I will do that—I just said I would do that. Yes… no. Yes. I love you, too, bye.” “That was exhausting,” Falon said with a laugh when Haley released a heavy breath and dropped her phone into her lap.
M.R. James, A Warning to the Curious Ghost Stories|The Bodleian above anything else made Oxford what it was . . . There was something incommunicably grand about it, something difficult to understand unless you had spent your evenings there or walked past it on the way to celebrate the boat race, a magic that came from ignoring it a thousand times a day and then noticing its overwhelming beauty when you came out of a tiny alley and it caught you unexpectedly. A library--it didn't sound like much, but it was what made Oxford itself. The greatest library in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The gospel of salvation, the divine truth, set us free.
Florence Kelley|Let me make a solemn pledge before all of you, before the whole world and before God, that I will devote all my energy and all I possess in my power to serve the people of Nigeria and humanity.
Simone Elkeles|He grinned at me and whispered, “I’m going to kiss you now. It’ll be a big one, so don’t hit me.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|If only one person were perfectly informed there could never be a general crisis. But the only perfectly informed person is God, and he does not play the stock market.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You think I'm a fool?" demanded Harry."No, I think you're like James," said Lupin, "who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Food for her is not food, it is terror, dignity, gratitude, vengeance, joyfulness, humiliation, religion, history, and, of course, love. As if the fruit she always offered us were picked from the destroyed brances of out family tree.
John Lanchester, Capital|In his experience with women, it was difficult to recover once things began to go wrong--once they had unreasonably decided that you were a person with whom they were not under any circumstances ever going to have sex.
Ahmed Zewail|He that rebels against reason is a real rebel, but he that in defence of reason rebels against tyranny has a better title to Defender of the Faith, than George the Third.
Ayn Rand, Return of the Primitive: The Anti-Industrial Revolution|Now observe that in all the propaganda of the ecologists—amidst all their appeals to nature and pleas for “harmony with nature”—there is no discussion of man’s needs and the requirements of his survival. Man is treated as if he were an unnatural phenomenon. Man cannot survive in the kind of state of nature that the ecologists envision—i.e., on the level of sea urchins or polar bears....In order to survive, man has to discover and produce everything he needs, which means that he has to alter his background and adapt it to his needs. Nature has not equipped him for adapting himself to his background in the manner of animals. From the most primitive cultures to the most advanced civilizations, man has had to manufacture things; his well-being depends on his success at production. The lowest human tribe cannot survive without that alleged source of pollution: fire. It is not merely symbolic that fire was the property of the gods which Prometheus brought to man. The ecologists are the new vultures swarming to extinguish that fire.
Margery Williams Bianco|But the thing that . . . that I touched . . . " I cried. "It was furry! It-" I stopped short, taken with a shudder. "I know," said Herrick.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We are to love God most importantly so that we can grow to love people as he loved us, not so that we can feel more divine and worthy than the worldly.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, no one can design your life, only you can do that.
Nupur Walia|Nothing stays forever, nobody does rather. All the things, people will leave you one fine day and you’ll be a wanderer in solitude again. You’ll moan again silently through the process of decaying. All your richness or poornesswas never really of worth. When you were born, you were dead, respiring to cease. You’re a trader, exchanging everything!
Max Scheler|Only after the concept of knowledge has been based on an ontological relation [*Seinsverhältnis*] can we work out the particular kind of being from which the principle of immanence-to-consciousness (the starting point of Idealism and Critical Realism) mistakenly proceeds as though from a primary insight. This is the being of "being-conscious" [*Bewusst-Seins*]. All being-conscious must first of all be brought under the higher concept of ideal being, or, at all events, that of irreal being. The mental item which presents itself in the experiences of consciousness may be real; being-conscious itself never is. However, the concept of consciousness is derivative in not only this sense. Consciousness also presupposes the concept of knowledge. Nothing is more misleading than to proceed in the opposite direction and define knowledge itself as simply a particular "content of consciousness," as we see if we oppose, to the particular kind of knowing and having-known which we call consciousness, another kind of knowledge which precedes it and includes no form of being-conscious. We will call this knowledge *ecstatic* [*ekstatische*] knowledge. It is found quite clearly in animals, primitive people, children, and, further, in certain pathological and other abnormal and supra-normal states (e.g., in recovering from the effects of a drug). I have said elsewhere that the animal never relates to its environment as to an object but only *lives in it* [*es lebe nur "in sie hinein*"]. Its conduct with respect to the external world depends upon whether the latter satisfies its instinctive drives or denies them satisfaction. The animal experiences the surrounding world as resistances of various types. Hence, it is absolutely necessary to contest the principle (in Descartes, Franz Brentano, *et al*.) that every mental function and act is accompanied by an immediate knowledge of it. An even more highly contestable principle is that a relation to the self is an essential condition of all processes of knowledge. It is difficult to reproduce purely ecstatic knowledge in mature, civilized men, whether in memory, reverie, perception, thought, or empathetic identification with things, animals, or men; nonetheless, there is no doubt that in every perception and presentation of things and events we think that we grasp *the things-themselves*, not mere "images" of them or representatives of some sort.Knowledge first becomes conscious knowledge [*Bewusst-sein*], that is, comes out of its original ecstatic form of simply "having" things, in which there is no knowledge of the having or of that through which and in which it is had, when the act of being thrown back on the self (probably only possible for men) comes into play. This act grows out of conspicuous resistances, clashes, and oppositions―in sum, out of pronounced suffering. It is the *actus re-flexivus* in which knowledge of the knowledge of things is added to the knowledge of things. Furthermore, in this act we come to know the kind of knowledge we have, for example, memory, ideation, and perception, and finally, beyond even these, we come to have a knowledge of the relation of the act performed to the self, to the knower. With respect to any specific relation to the self, this last knowledge, so-called conscious self-knowledge, comes only after knowledge about the act. Kant's principle that an "I think" must be *able* to accompany all a man's thoughts may be correct. That it in fact always accompanies them is nevertheless undoubtedly false. However, the kind of being (indeed, of ideal being) which contents possess when they are reflexively *had* in their givenness in conscious acts―when, therefore, they become reflexive―is the being of being-consciously-known."from_Idealism and Realism_
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|Lie on your stomach,” I ordered between kisses.He pulled away. “Why?”“Just do it.
Roberto Mangabeira Unger, The Religion of the Future|A kind of joy came upon him, as if borne in on a summer breeze. He dimly recalled that he had been thinking of failure-as if it mattered. It seemed to him now that such thoughts were mean, unworthy of what his life had been.
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|When the nightcomes to break my heart,I think of you.
Mark F. LaMoure|You are the author of your success. Every day, you write another page to the chapter of success for you life. Practice at becoming an excellent person, at what you want to be best at.
Annie Besant|Man is a spiritual intelligence, who has taken flesh with the object of gaining experience in worlds below the spiritual, in order that he may be able to master and to rule them, and in later ages take his place in the creative and directing hierarchies of the universe.
Q.M. Sidd|Man is created for happiness, that happiness lies in himself, in the satisfaction of simple human needs; and that all unhappiness is due, not to privation but to superfluity.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
Drake Rogue|...we are our flaws, but they don't have to define us as either good or evil.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|This life is like a game, so you better play it right!
Jennifer Carter Avgerinos, The Yoga of Cleaning: An Essential Guide|Is there cure of love? I Think not, but David you can tame it, I mean Yoga.Says Bhutta
Alyssa Day, Heart of Atlantis|New year is a day, to tune the rhythm called SOUL, with best chords called EXPERIENCES and play the guitar called LIFE.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The truth hit him. Jason wasn't quite Roman anymore. His time at Camp Half-Blood had changed him. Reyna had recognized that. Apparently, so did the undead legionnaires. If Jason no longer gave off the right sort of vibe, or aura of a Roman leader...
Ross  Turner, Jenson|Over the years I have felt many things leave me.	People do not change, but yet somehow time alters everything.	As the years roll on people are not quite as forgiving, nor quite as kind, hopeful, loving.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In our frenzied attempts to catch up with life, we run right past it. Once we have run past it, what we are in reality attempting to catch is ourselves.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|It's so important in marriage to let the little things go and let the pride go. Forgiveness is so important, and communication. Don't major on the minors.
Tamora Pierce, Squire|I've said it before and I'll say it again, my lord. You are an evil man.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|It's useless to disarm the hands, if the heart remains armed
A.F. Stewart, Killers and Demons II: They Return|Emily, there are enemies everywhere. We have to be on our guard, especially for the next couple of weeks.’ Theo sighed unhappily. ‘This is going to be the longest fortnight of my life.’ ‘That’s saying something,’ I joked, ‘given how long you’ve lived.’ ‘Exactly,’ he said, without smiling.
Edward Kennedy|Economics, politics, and personalities are often inseparable.
Andrew Neff|This wasn't a person, Zuzana thought, this was greed wearing skin.
Sara Niles|Standing in the shower, I feel something on the back of my leg that turns out to be my ass.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s very possible to live life without disliking anyone. It’s all vibration. We can get to the point where ‘dislike’ does not even register as an option in the default settings of our minds.Some may wonder, ‘What does it matter if I like or dislike people?’In my perception, it matters greatly since dislike influences our entire energetic body. It becomes part of our vibrational aura, what we’re emitting and receiving in return from the world. How we respond to the world is how the world will treat us.
Maimonides, Rambam: Shemonah Perakim, The Eight Chapters; Maimonides' Introduction to Ethics of the Fathers; Perek Chelek; Discourse on the World to Come|You should recognize that man’s soul, this single entity whose powers and parts we have described, may be compared to matter, and that the power of reasoning is its completed form. As long as the soul lies dormant and does not acquire its form from knowledge, then the nature of the soul is useless and exists in vain.
Grace Draven, Eidolon|I'd run you know. It's like when you're really busy doing something and you don't have time to think about things. Well, I'd run and run and run so I couldn't think.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Opportunity's precious, and time is a sword.
Devdutt Pattanaik|If fame is to come only after death, I am in no hurry for it.
Alice Walker|I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|Between the new, happy him, and the old, depressing him, there stood in the way only his lack of imagination.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|She was strangely unaware that she could look and see freshly for herself, as she wrote, without primary regard for what had been said before.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|now I'm blinking in a new gloamingand all I see as I'm stretched low down hereis a world of women flat on their frozenfaces. we are the ground itself, corporealcarpet of cells, softness calloused hardbeneath the pebbled soles of the fathersand husbands and brothers and priestsand it's a horror if you could see it,a world of women ruinedby man's fear.
Lisa Edelstein|By learning about my body and making small, subtle changes, I find out what I enjoy and what is effective. I'm always finessing: adjusting my diet and my workouts. You have to figure out which exercises are fun and interesting and stimulate your brain - or else you'll never keep at them.
Richard Brautigan, The Pill vs. the Springhill Mine Disaster|The Beautiful Poem"I go to bed in Los Angeles thinking about you.Pissing a few moments ago I looked down at my penisaffectionately.Knowing it has been inside you twice today makes mefeel beautiful.
Thurman P. Banks Jr.|People May Hate You For Being Different and Not Living By Society's Standards,but Deep Down,They Wish They Had The Courage To Do The Same.
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|The rain fluctuates between drizzle and torrential. It messes with your mind. It makes you think things will always be like this, never getting better, always letting you down right when you though the worst was over.
Louise Rennison, Knocked Out by My Nunga-Nungas|Oh Blimey O‘Reilly's pantyhose...what is the point of Shakespeare? I know he is a genius and so on, but he does rave on.It's the bloody moon, for God's sake, Will, get a grip!!
Debasish Mridha|I am not me. I am not my body. I am my love, my kindness, and my service.
Sherman Alexie, First Indian on the Moon|The people who build high, strong fences are the ones who survive the best. You deny that reality only at the risk of being driven into the wilderness yourself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible takes the word home with all of its tender associations and sacred memories, and applies it to the hereafter and tells us that heaven is home.
Laura Schlessinger|Only man clogs his happiness with care, destroying what is with thoughts of what may be.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|I may have been born into this world to be the Gwardian, but I was created for you, for us. You are the reason I exist, the reason I breathe. You are the light to my darkness, and without you I am lost forever.
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|Maybe the same essential download was also being delivered to other people—a massive, compassionate battalion of us—at the same time.
Enza Vita|When you are truly awakened, you have completely stopped trying to become awakened. You simply are. You know that you did not locate awakening; awakening located you.
Louise Erdrich, The Round House|For when ideas flutter in haze, we collaborate without notice and collect them as butterflies only to set them free into the world.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|So when I arrived in Saudi Arabia in August of 2001, as there was no chemical, biological, or nuclear war going on, all I prepared for was to be bored until it was time to go home. Obviously, that plan failed.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Know, O man you are a particle of the supreme feminine being sucked to an obscure vacuum - of a bliss but that we can only name - universe!
Lalita Tademy, Cane River|Out of slavery, freedom --yes, & roses from the pig's behind.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|There are always people who find their lives have become so unsupportable they believe the best thing they could do would be to hasten their transition to another plane of existence.""They kill themselves, you mean?" said Bod. He was about eight years old, wide-eyed and inquisitive, and he was not stupid."Indeed.""Does it work? Are they happier dead?""Sometimes. Mostly, no. It's like the people who believe they'll be happy if they go and live somewhere else, but who learn it doesn't work that way. Wherever you go, you take yourself with you. If you see what I mean.
Pamela Druckerman, Bringing Up Bébé: One American Mother Discovers the Wisdom of French Parenting|The guys who fear becoming fathers don't understand that fathering is not something perfect men do, but something that perfects the man. The end product of child raising is not the child, but the parent.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|I'll tell you something. Once I was very fond of a poem by Emily Dickinson or somebody. I only remember one line of it, but it goes, 'The soul selects her own society.' I used to tell it to everybody. Once I quoted it to a friend of mine, and he said, 'Maybe, but the body gets thrown into bed with the goddamnedest people.
Confucius|We should not look back unless it is to derive useful lessons from past errors, and for the purpose of profiting by dearly bought experience.
Ringo Starr|Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Imperialism and Social Classes: Two Essays by Joseph Schumpeter|There was no corner of the known world where some interest was not alleged to be in danger or under actual attack. If the interests were not Roman, they were those of Rome's allies; and if Rome had no allies, then allies would be invented. When it was utterly impossible to contrive such an interest—why, then it was the national honor that had been insulted. The fight was always invested with an aura of legality. Rome was always being attacked by evil-minded neighbors, always fighting for a breathing space. The whole world was pervaded by a host of enemies, and it was manifestly Rome's duty to guard against their indubitably aggressive designs. They were enemies who only waited to fall on the Roman people.
Stephen King, It 〈3〉|Maybe, he thought, there aren’t any such things as good friends or bad friends—maybe there are just friends, people who stand by you when you’re hurt and who help you feel not so lonely. Maybe they’re always worth being scared for, and hoping for, and living for. Maybe worth dying for, too, if that’s what has to be.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|It is almost impossible for contemporaries to judge the true value of discoveries, or to give the proper position to the men of their own time who make these discoveries. The Surgeon-General of the Public Health Service expected the greatest results to flow from his commission of medical officers, but the conclusions of the Board turned out to be all wrong, while he did not notice the report from his own subordinate, Dr. H. R. Carter, which turned out to be pure gold and was one of the great steps in establishing the true method of the transmission of Yellow Fever.
G.K. Chesterton, All Things Considered|It was not evil that gave her the idea of pleasure, that seemed to her attractive; it was pleasure, rather, that seemed evil.
Sunday Adelaja|When you confront, you save yourself of disillusionment.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unleashed|He shot across the dark and dank room and gently lowered her slight body, which seemed to weigh almost nothing, until she stood with her back to the wall, as he called a shield of water to block her from any danger.
Candice Olson|I am 5 ft 6 in, and at my peak, my vital statistics were 37-22-35. I didn't even think about my weight - but now I work hard at keeping healthy. Fortunately, my husband Richie is as much of a fitness buff as I am.
Heidi Schulz, Hook's Revenge|Once us feel loved by God, us do the best us can to please him with what us like.
Leo Howard|Our uniqueness makes us special, makes perception valuable - but it can also make us lonely. This loneliness is different from being 'alone': You can be lonely even surrounded by people. The feeling I'm talking about stems from the sense that we can never fully share the truth of who we are. I experienced this acutely at an early age.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|When the football is handed to the ball carrier, everyone counts on that guy gaining a down or getting into the end zone, and when he does the crowd goes wild. But those who carry another’s burden, by helping out a weak or injured brother or sister, make a real difference and score points with God.
Virginia Foxx|Right now I'd love to be sitting on a Greek island somewhere because of being Greek American, eating great octopus salad and some fantastic lamb. Or sipping a little ouzo. I think the Mediterranean diet is one of the healthiest... Lots of nuts, vegetables, fruits, fresh fish, lean meats, yogurt.
Debasish Mridha|I don't like feeling sorry for myself. That's not who I am. And most of the time I don't feel that way. Instead, I am grateful for having at least found you. We could have flashed by one another like two pieces of cosmic dust.God or the universe or whatever one chooses to label the great systems of balance and order does not recognize Earth-time. To the universe, four days is no different than four billion light years. I try to keep that in mind.But, I am, after all, a man. And all the philosophic rationalizations I can conjure up do not keep me from wanting you, every day, every moment, the merciless wail of time, of time I can never spend with you, deep within my head.I love you, profoundly and completely. And I always will.The last cowboy,Robert
Karl R. Popper|While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|everyone has their folding-point, Miles. Their mortal vulnerability. Some just keep it in a nonstandard location.
J.R. Rim, Write like no one is reading 2|He had the tendency, unfortunate for a new member of the committee, to like if not the rich themselves, at least their activities and surroundings, and to dislike the poor; a woman in rags toting a baby, barefoot children, made him feel sadistic rather than compassionate.His socialism, then, had the impatience and unfriendliness of a fashionable doctor forced to attend a tramp run over in the street.
Red Phoenix, Socrates Inspires Cherry to Blossom|Be confident in who you are, Cherry Blossom. Confidence and an understanding of who you are is an alluring combination men won't be able to resist.
Jeff Tweedy|We live in a connected world now. Some find that frightening. If people are downloading our music, they're listening to it. The internet is like radio for us.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|May 4, 2006Blog Entry #1There once was a girl who took everything for granted.  She had friends. She had good friends—friends who saw her geeky exterior but loved her anyway, friends who had known her since before she knew herself. But she wanted more. She had people who loved her. She had a huge house on a hill. A bedroom as big as a studio apartment. But she still wasn't satisfied. She moved to the ends of the earth … Long Island, New York. She thought it would be exciting. And for a little while it was. But she soon found that life in the “city” wasn’t everything she hoped for. Before long, all the shops and landmarks were meaningless, and she realized that all the parties in the world meant nothing—especially if she didn't have the people to share them with. She decided to make a distress call. She lined up coconuts. H–E–L–PShe spent one and a half years on her “deserted island.” Then, a moving truck finally answered her call. But little did she know that she was returning to her home as a different person. She was returning with lessons of contentment that would stick with her forever. Lessons of gratitude, integrity, faith, and love. Exposure to things and ideas she would have never seen in Snellville, Georgia. How she could be and how her life could be… She drove back down only to find that she wasn't the only one who had changed.
Ne-Yo|'Rookie' is not your guide to Being a Teen. It is, quite simply, a bunch of writing and art we like and believe in.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Mason|They soared past the dark shapes of animals, grazing in the fields."What are they?" she asked."Sheep," Mason replied. "I once heard someone describe them as floating like clouds across the hills.
J. Copeland|I have no way to describe this, and I am positive that this is all just a horrible dream I have yet to wake up from. The vice principle is insane. My own uncle is insane. Those stupid kids are insane. Mother Nature is insane...
Ken Liu, The Man Who Ended History: A Documentary|Clearing away the superficial structure of the reigns of emperors and the dates of battles, there was the deeper rhythm of history's ebb and flow not as the deeds of great men, but as the lives lived by ordinary men and women wading through the currents of the natural world around them: its geology, its seasons, its climate and ecology, the abundance and scarcity of the raw material for life.
Edward Hoagland, In the Country of the Blind: A Novel|What did you give your kids, besides a lottery of genes? A stance--that mix of bluff and confidence, backbone and wussiness that passes for personality or character. One talks less about ethics after third grade. Don't steal candy or hit other children, if they hadn't learned the costs of violence on their own.
Yayoi Kusama|Yes, you can lose somebody overnight, yes, your whole life can be turned upside down. Life is short. It can come and go like a feather in the wind.
L. Lionel Kendrick|I follow my conscience - and this is upsetting to some people, but I maintain the conscience is going to be the only thing between us and communication in the future.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Diary of Lady Murasaki| To be pleasant, gentle, calm and self-possessed: this is the basis of good taste and charm in a woman. No matter how amorous or passionate you may be, as long as you are straightforward and refrain from causing others embarrassment, no one will mind. But women who are too vain and act pretentiously, to the extent that they make others feel uncomfortable, will themselves become the object of attention; and once that happens, people will find fault with whatever they say or do; whether it be how they enter a room, how they sit down, how they stand up or how they take their leave. Those who end up contradicting themselves and those who disparage their companions are also carefully watched and listened to all the more. As long as you are free from such faults, people will surely refrain from listening to tittle-tattle and will want to show you sympathy, if only for the sake of politeness. I am of the opinion that when you intentionally cause hurt to another, or indeed if you do ill through mere thoughtless behavior, you fully deserve to be censured in public. Some people are so good-natured that they can still care for those who despise them, but I myself find it very difficult. Did the Buddha himself in all his compassion ever preach that one should simply ignore those who slander the Three Treasures? How in this sullied world of ours can those who are hard done by be expected to reciprocate in kind?
Ben Carson|The science of the mind can only have for its proper goal the understanding of human nature by every human being, and through its use, brings peace to every human soul.
Paul Cornell, Wisdom: Rudiments of Wisdom|Captain Midlands: "I met the real you once."John (Lennon) the Skrull: "You're meeting the real me now."Captain Midlands: "I told him to get his bleedin' hair cut.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...
A.J. Ridges, Just A Game|It was so screwed up, because the thing that made us the most powerless also gave us such power. We could make them turn away. We could bother them and challenge them and mess them up. You think people are afraid of two boys in love? To hell with that. What people are really afraid of is two boys screwing.
Wolfgang Herrndorf|Wenn ich es mir aussuchen könnte, würde ich am liebsten bei einem Flugzeugabsturz sterben. Aber auf gar keinen Fall im Bett. Vielleicht mit Ines, oder mit Frau Sprengel, auf dem Linienflug nach Südamerika. Das rechte Triebwerk ist mit einem kaum hörbaren Knall explodiert und zieht eine endlose Feuerschleppe hinter sich her, als wir gerade über dem offenen Meer sind. Die Passagiere kreischen, einige ganz Doofe betteln die Stewardess um Fallschirme an. Ich lege meine Lektüre aus der Hand, beuge mich zu Ines, und sage, ich hatte noch gar nicht zu Ende gelesen. Und Ines sagt, gut, dass wir nicht das teure Hotel gebucht haben. Und wir schauen uns an und wissen, dass wir uns verstanden haben in diesem Leben. Durch das kleine runde Fenster rast die Wasseroberfläche auf uns zu, die bei dieser Geschwindigkeit härter ist als Beton, und ich halte Ines fest und flüstere ihr etwas in Ohr, solange ich noch flüstern kann und solange sie noch ein Ohr hat.
Auliq Ice|Sometimes life may look complicated than it is, but you'll have to play it just the way it is and make it proper, the way you would wish it to be in your own words.
Omar Khayyam|For many in baseball September is a month of stark contrast with April, when everyone had dared to hope. If baseball is a lot like life, as pundits declare, it is because life is more about losing than winning.
Billy Graham|Not having insurance not only destroys your life, it destroys your fiscal life. It breaks up marriages. You cannot functions anywhere unless you have good health.
Mae West|As difficult an environment as the DA's Office could be, I saw no overarching conspiracy against women. The unequal treatment was usually more a matter of old habits dying hard.
Tushar Upreti, The Days Of Childhood|And third my Dad doesn't like you.He won't tell me whybut he's a smart man.If he doesn't like you I can't likeyou,either.
Todd Stocker, REFINED: Turning Pain into Purpose|To better handle grief, become the passenger, not the driver.
Ingrid Newkirk|When you're a teenager, you want to meet a lot of girls - you want to get the most girls. You don't know anything about respect; you don't know anything about being faithful and loyal to your girlfriend.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|We invent what we need to get us by, but in doing so we are really continuing to hold on to the pain of yesterday.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are problems and there are problems. One big problem and a great paradox in the arena of life is the problem of where or how a person is now and where or how he wants to be tomorrow. Had it not been this problem, we would have been relaxing all day long
Albert Hammond, Jr.|The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|When making a point, there are 2 types of people who may disagree with you: those who can support their reasons, and the childish ones who are too worried about being told what to do.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't shrink your standards, link yourself with those who think and ink like you.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Your body is made of two things: your will to do, your ego, and the physical form you have received from the prakriti, the nature. If the will to do is present within you, then the nature will go on providing you with an appropriate body. This is how you have been born again and again. Sometimes you were an animal, sometimes a bird, a tree some other time, and sometimes a man. Whatsoever you wished to achieve, it has happened. Your desire to achieve becomes the actuality; thoughts become real things. So beware when you desire, because all desires are fulfilled – sooner or later.If you are of the habit of watching the birds fly in the sky and wonder, ”How free the birds are, I wish I were a bird.” it will not be long before you become a bird. You see dogs mating, and if that moment a thought arises in you, ”What freedom! What happiness!” – soon you will become a dog. Whatever desire you keep within you, it becomes a seed.
Dashiell Hammett, The Thin Man|The teacher manages to get along still with the cumbersome algebraic analysis, in spite of its difficulties and imperfections, and avoids the smooth infinitesimal calculus, although the eighteenth century shyness toward it had long lost all point.
Blake Lively|My mom would have different fragrances for different times of the year. They were a part of her identity. I don't remember the specific ones she used, but I remember the bottles.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Unbidden, a growl escaped him just as his lips brushed that heavenly skin and with one bite he pierced right through it. When her blood hit his tongue, he shook. It was nectar, hot and wild and sweet, like the fiery kiss of a demon. His fingers twisted up into the glossy knot of hair at her nape, pulling it free, wrapping his fist in that silky skein. Forcing her up as his mouth came down harder, his fangs sliding deeper. Rissa made a soft sound; whether of pleasure, encouragement or pain, it didn't matter. Nothing fucking mattered.
Keke Palmer|I came out to my parents when I was a junior in college. And it was pretty fine. They were more concerned with why I wasn't dating anyone. But now I'm 36, and I still don't date anyone.
Kevin N. Laland, Darwin's Unfinished Symphony: How Culture Made the Human Mind|One keeps looking out for innovation in IPL, but of late it hasn't been all that obvious. Lionel Richie as an opening act? Johnny Mathis must have been busy. Matthew Hayden's Mongoose? Looks a bit like Bob Willis' bat with the "flow-through holes"; Saint Peter batting mitts are surely overdue a revival. The only genuinely intriguing step this year, bringing the IPL to YouTube, was forced on Modi by the collapse of Setanta; otherwise what Modi presents as 'innovation' is merely expansion by another name, in the number of franchises and the number of games.
M.Rishad Sakhi|If you consider that you are changing it mean that you are getting something And try to be different from yesterday, because it makes you confident
George Ezra|Actually, my dog I think is the only person who consistently loves me all the time.
John Erskine|It is fatal to suppose the great writer was too wise or too profound for us ever to understand him; to think of art so is not to praise but to murder it, for the next step after that tribute will be neglect of the masterpiece.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The acomodador or giving-up point: there is always an event in our lives that is responsible for us failing to progress: a trauma, a particularly bitter defeat, a disappointment in love, even a victory that we did not quite understand, can make cowards of us and prevent us from moving on. As part of the process of increasing his hidden powers, the shaman must first free himself from that giving-up point and, to do so, he must review his while life and find out where it occured.
C. JoyBell C.|Roses are picked every day, they are told that they will be better off sold in the flower shoppe. And so they go from the hands of the picker; to the hands of the delivery man; to the hands of the florist; to the hands of the customer; and then often to the hands of the final recipient of the rose. From field, cut by scissors and passed from hand to hand. The world has forgotten that it is okay for roses to be in fields, the world has forgotten the beauty of the rose uncut. The bouquet is praised and given away but the wild roses are forgotten. People have forgotten what “wild” means; they think it means something entirely different. The wild rose remains untouched, with roots and swayed by the meadow winds. And that is wild. I am wild for having roots and for being untouched and for seeing things that people have forgotten. And I will always remember— that it is okay to be uncut, that it is okay to be untouched by darkness, it is okay to be wild.
Karen Marie Moning, To Tame a Highland Warrior|I can see you are a fine lady, but this boy is randy as a goat around you and it's plain to see. If he seeks the joys of wedded bliss, he can wed you. Without a weddin' he'll be havin' no bliss.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
Lorna Byrne, Angels In My Hair|Your guardian angel never, ever stops communicating with you.  I feel that at times they should be frustrated with us but they seem to have endless patience and they never ever give up on us. 
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He remembered the darkness and despair she'd suffered during her long years as a prisoner, but he also recalled the deep, unquenchable joy she took from the world around her; and he knew that given the choice, Wilamena would suffer all she had and more rather than sacrifice one day of being alive.It was just as his father had said. She chose life, all of it.
Liam Callanan, The Cloud Atlas|We're all ghosts. We all carry, inside us, people who came before us.
Jennifer S. Alderson, Notes of a Naive Traveler: Nepal and Thailand|Meandering cows, tenacious bicyclers, belching taxis, rickshaws, fearless pedestrians and the occasional mobile ‘cigarette and sweets’ stand all fought our taxi for room on the narrow two-lane road turned local byway.
Bob Dylan|Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Well, Watson, what do you make of it?'Holmes was sitting with his back to me, and I had given him no sign of my occupation.'How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the back of your head.''I have, at least, a well-polished, silver-plated coffee-pot in front of me', said he.
Jessica Lee, Undying Embrace|I'm a killer, Gabrielle.” He snarled the words at her. “That's all you need to know. Is that what you want sliding into your bed every night, lass? Touching your body with hands that were soaked in blood minutes before?
Elizabeth Wein, Rose Under Fire|He spiked the dirt, twisted out the deformed rose, tossed it aside. His palms sweated.'Sorry,' Persephone suggested.'Pardon?'She murmured, 'You should say sorry when you kill something.'It took him a moment to realize she meant the rose. 'It was dying anyway.''Dying and dead are different words.'Shamed, Adam muttered an apology....
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|His belief is so passionate that it fills him with the burning desire to share his fabulous news with anyone who will listen. He is concerned that it is us that might be missing out, not him. His faith in a single road to salvation and paradise is so intense, that it would be ungodly not to share the good news with all those who are not aware.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|For the first time, she did want more. She did not know what she wanted, knew that it was dangerous and that she should rest content with what she had, but she knew an emptiness deep inside her, which began to ache.
Shelly Laurenston, Pack Challenge|I'm a whore!"Miki hit the brakes...her hands.. gripping the steering wheel, glanced at Sara. "You're not wearing any underwear, are you?"Sara let out a strangled squeal...
Benedict Jacka, Fated|If there’s one thing all diviners share, it’s curiosity. We really can’t help it; it’s just part of who we are. If you dug out a tunnel somewhere in the wilderness a thousand miles from anywhere and hung a sign on it saying, ‘Warning, this leads to the Temple of Horrendous Doom. Do not enter, ever. No, not even then’, you’d get back from lunch to find a diviner already inside and two more about to go in.Come to think about it, that might explain why there are so few of us.
K.M. Peyton|He considered for a moment, then started to play a piece that was very familiar to Ruth, although she had no idea what it was. It was lilting and wistful, and she could have sung the melody if she had wished."Alright?" He raised his eyebrows inquiringly."Yes. Exactly."It was effortless and perfect, and he played it through to the end, closing with the softest and most delicate chords, which hung and faded in the quiet hall like the grains of dust raining through the evening light. Ruth was touched. It was all she had wanted. He did not move until there was complete silence again, then he closed the lid without saying anything, and stood up, shoving back the chair. ... "What was that piece?" "A Brahms waltz.""Hasn't it got a name?" she wanted it to remember."Number fifteen. Opus thirty-nine." It hadn't sounded like numbers to Ruth.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The world needs something from you, my friend. It needs the heart that is deep as the ocean and infinite as the outer-space. Can you provide that my friend! Can you make your will so large and your conscience so sharp that in front of which, a thousand Everests and a thousand Kilimanjaros would bow!
Ira Glass|There's an old adage about speakers: You won't remember what they said, but you'll never forget how they made you feel. Trump knows that in his bones. He gives his supporters - and they are growing - a terrific feeling of safety and security, along with a laugh and a smile.
Ralph Marston|Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
Elizabeth Grace Saunders, The 3 Secrets to Effective Time Investment: Achieve More Success with Less Stress: Foreword by Cal Newport, Author of So Good They Can't Ignore You|Time is not a means to keep or prove your worth in the world, but a means to experience the richness of all that is.
Muhammed Muazu Mukaddas|Whatever begins will end, in time.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|I would never say snog. I would say osculate." She looks at me as if to say: why do you exist?
Angelica Hopes|In my own book-signings, I find humility. It’s always humbling when people go out of their way to come visit with me and by some of my books.
Ralph Nader|After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.
Tom Clancy|Movies have these transcendent moments where everything is just right, from the dialogue to the music to the lighting to the narrative context; everything is just perfect, and something magical happens - the film breaks through the screen and does something to you.
Carmen Dominique Taxer, And Blood Divides Us|She reached forward and lifted her uncle up into her arms. He was still too weak to resist, and she comforted him with a stroke of her fingers through his greying hair, softly kissing his lips, tasting the blood with a shiver of anticipation, and moving her kisses to his cheek, the line of his jaw, the crook of his neck where his pulse thundered to push the shadowy blood to its destinations.“Know that, when I do this, I’m doing it, to ease your suffering,” she whispered, lips pressed to his skin, her fangs pressing behind them hungrily.
Richard Marius, A Short Guide to Writing about History|I had a dream about you. You were a stranger playing a gig in this pub where I was waitressing. I felt like I knew you or needed to, so I asked you to have a few drinks with me. Then my alarm went off. I sat up in bed to see you still sleeping. I’m glad I decided to wear a kilt that summer while I was in school.
Clyde DeSouza, Memories With Maya|It was so pleasant, chaotic, emotionless, nameless-everything vibrating so beautifully in the universe without words.
Joseph Conrad|I have the responsibility of over four million people, and I am in a position to do good, to be able to bring about a new life for my people, and I will continue to move in that direction. It's a burden, but it needs to be done, and you have to have the courage and wisdom to see it through.
Laura Frantz, The Mistress of Tall Acre|We thank Thee, Lord, for happy hearts, for rain and sunny weather. We thank Thee, Lord for this our food, and that we are together. Amen.
Michael Benningfield|Even the most noble of men are capable of committing the most heinous crimes when their souls cry out for help and that cry goes unanswered. If we spent half as much time building others up as we do tearing them down, we'd find the ladder of success is far greater than the rope of doom.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Mary had a little lamb, its fleece electrostatic / And everywhere Mary went, the lights became erratic.
Kerry Washington|Each day we do the best we can, and then tomorrow we try again!
Debasish Mridha|The smell of the ocean, southern breeze, blue sky, and the gentle sound of dancing waves make me sing the song of love.
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Deep blackness waits outside;a veiled inferno it attempts to hide.We see no more than dark clouds growing,but set inside, a fire is glowing.
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|If you can’t celebrate your success, appreciate your failure. Since life is all about celebration and appreciation.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Granted, there is always much that is hidden, and we must not forget that the writing of history - however dryly it is done and however sincere the desire for objectivity - remains literature. History's third dimension is always fiction
M. Howson|Take a chance..., change a 'NO' to a 'YES'today.
Elie Wiesel|The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|Those ignorant "masters of our destinies" who regard humans as animals or as monstrous hybrids of natural and supernatural must be dethroned by scientific education.Humans can be literally poisoned by false ideas and false teachings. Many people have a just horror at the thought of putting poison into tea or coffee, but seem unable to realize that, when they teach false ideas and false doctrines, they are poisoning the time-binding capacity of their fellow men and women. One has to stop and think!
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|What is sometimes thought to be clever is, significantly often, merely an advanced form of foolishness.
Kiesza|Life seems terrible and disappointing, so you need to find something you need to make you stick around. Music that makes me happiest is the saddest music, with the most emotional feel.
Murray N. Rothbard, The Case for the 100 Percent Gold Dollar|Just when we are in many ways moving to an ever greater validation of the sacredness of the individual person, our capacity to imagine a social fabric that would hold individuals together is vanishing. This is in part because of the fact that our ethical individualism, deriving, as I have argued, from the Protestant religious tradition in America, is linked to an economic individualism that, ironically, knows nothing of the sacredness of the individual. Its only standard is money, and the only thing more sacred than money is more money. What economic individualism destroys and what our kind of religious individualism cannot restore is solidarity, a sense of being members of the same body. In most other North Atlantic societies, including other Protestant societies, a tradition of an established church, however secularized, provides some notion that we are in this thing together, that we need each other, that our precious and unique selves are not going to make it all alone.
Richard Dawkins|Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Alexander Ferrick, HACK3R|Happy hour?" Jason says. "It's barely noon, Grams""Oh, shush, you. You'll have some, yes?'"Well"-he smiles slyly and wiggles his eyebrows-"if you insist". Every time, it's the same thing. Leaning in, he rubs his hands together expectantly. The drinking age in New York State was raised last year, so technically, I suppose, this is still illegal for my grandson. But the Jews didn't spend forty years wandering the desert so that I could forfeit a gin and tonic with my progeny...
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|Victory begins when we are willing to run by faith, trusting that he will lead the way.
Frances E. Willard|The world is wide, and I will not waste my life in friction when it could be turned into momentum. 
Estelle|If you talk about sous-vide, then you have to talk about food safety, and microbiology, and heat.
Sanhita Baruah|Someday you shall meet someoneWho's gonna look at you in awe-Flying high, wings all spread,And wonder how it'd be likeTo clip those wings,Tie those feet down,And cage you forever...When you hit the ground,Remember to run
Noam Chomsky|The little windflower, whose just opened eye is blue as the spring heaven it gazes at.
Alan Alda|You have a perfect right to consign us all to hell, rector, but you must allow us the choice of how we get 
Sunday Adelaja|It's hard to admit, but if we're brutally honest with ourselves, we see that God is more responsible for the accomplishments of our lives than we are.
Trina Paulus|We must learn to view change as a natural phenomenon-to anticipate it and to plan for it. The future is ours to channel in the direction we want to go ... we must continually ask ourselves  "What will happen if ... ?" or better still  "How can we make it happen?"
Rachel Cusk, Outline|I can see us there still," he said, "for those were moments so intense that in a way we will be living them always, while other things are completely forgotten. Yet there is no particular story attached to them,” he said, “despite their place in the story I have just told you. That time spent swimming in the pool beneath the waterfall belongs nowhere: it is part of no sequence of events, it is only itself, in a way that nothing our life before as a family was ever itself, because it was always leading to the next thing and the next, was always contributing to our story of who we were.
T.K. Naliaka|Nkrumah declared that we faced neither East nor West but we faced forward. But, see, we can face forward and just look at the horizon. Sometimes, as I think of Ghana, I am tempted to believe that we kept looking East and West and never made up our minds, so we just stood still.
Faith Sullivan, Heartbeat|I'd love to wake up next to you in this room, in this bed, every day.
Lyman Trumbull|Let them hate me, provided they respect my conduct.
Victor J. Stenger, God: The Failed Hypothesis: How Science Shows That God Does Not Exist|As a non-believer, I want the atheist case to be made. I want religious belief to be scrutinised and challenged. I want Britain to be a genuinely secular nation, where religious belief is protected and defended as a private matter of conscience. But I feel prevented from doing so because atheism in public life has become so dominated by a particular breed that ends up dressing up bigotry as non-belief. It is a tragedy. And that is why it is so important that atheists distance themselves from those who undermine our position. Richard Dawkins can rant and rave about Muslims as much as he wants. But atheists: let's stop allowing him to do it in our name.
Victor Davis Hanson, The Father of Us All: War and History, Ancient and Modern|‎I love even to see the domestic animals reassert their native rights — any evidence that they have not wholly lost their original wild habits and vigor; as when my neighbor's cow breaks out of her pasture early in the Spring and boldly swims the river, a cold grey tide, twenty-five or thirty rods wide, swollen by the melted snow. It is the Buffalo crossing the Mississippi.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|One second, we are surrounded by angels holding their swords. The next second, one of their arms drops and his sword thunks to the grass like a lead weight. The angel stares at his blade uncomprehendingly.Another sword drops.Then another.Then a whole bunch, until all the other unsheathed swords fall, thudding on the grass like subjects bowing down to their queen.The angels stare at the swords at their feet in utter shock.Then everyone looks at me. Actually, it’s probably more accurate to say they’re looking at my sword.“Whoa.” That’s about the most intelligent thing I can say right now. Did Raffe say something about an archangel sword intimidating other angel swords if she could gain their respect?I swivel my eyes to look at the blade in my hands. Was that you, Pooky Bear?
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|But what if time worked the other way around?What if what his adolescent self had felt then was the ghost of his present one, sitting here on a sagging bench, beckoning him into his future?
Eleanor H. Porter, Just David|No matter how bad things got, no matter how anxious the staff became, the commander had to “preserve optimism in himself and in his command. Without confidence, enthusiasm and optimism in the command, victory is scarcely obtainable.” Eisenhower realized that “optimism and pessimism are infectious and they spread more rapidly from the head downward than in any other direction.” He learned that a commander’s optimism “has a most extraordinary effect upon all with whom he comes in contact. With this clear realization, I firmly determined that my mannerisms and speech in public would always reflect the cheerful certainty of victory—that any pessimism and discouragement I might ever feel would be reserved for my pillow.
Fitz-James O'Brien|A red veil covers the room as walls, which flow but do not stand. Screams echo from every stone. Incense I smell of sandalwood and lavender, and lavender I taste as well. A tea, a brew, or a liquid I sip. Calm I feel. Gyfu shows a great sacrifice will be made. I feel tied in knots as light reflects from crystals found in rock. All is not what it seems. Choices are made, the white handled bolline swings, the steps slide, gates swing open, memories flow like rain—betrayal and it is done. --A quote by Gannon reciting his vision
John Cleese|The need for love and intimacy is a fundamental human need, as primal as the need for food, water, and air.
Lorraine Heath, Surrender to the Devil|Life is a journey, Frannie darling," Feagan had once told me. "Choose well those with whom you travel."As always, I've followed Feagan's counsel.
Caroline Fyffe, Under a Falling Star|She did not realise that there could be a joy - a spiritual ecstasy- in the touch of a certain man, or that she would long for his touch with all her being
Major Owens|We need to develop clean, affordable, and reliable energy sources, and frankly, we need to license that technology to the rest of the world.
Bill Rancic|Live with integrity, respect the rights of other people, and follow your own bliss.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu is meant to serve us, not the other way around. It is meant to make you more of whatever it is you already are. It is meant to separate the wheat from the chaff. It is meant to bring to conscious attention all that once went unseen. It is meant to make you more loving. It is meant to make you more wise, but less certain. It is meant to make us humble, yet supremely confident. It is meant to remind us of our frailty while simultaneously making us feel invincible.
Tyrese Gibson|Dance with a girl three times, and if you like the light of her eye and the tone of voice with which she, breathless, answers your little questions about horseflesh and music about affairs masculine and feminine, then take the leap in the dark.
Jakusho Kwong|Look for the heart of a tradition in the actions of its humble servants and selfless teachers. Listen and let the teachings be borne out, or set aside, based on your experience.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Fifteen minutes later, a meeting was called. "Okay, look." Deb's face was dead serious. "I know I just joined this project, and I don't want to offend anyone. But I'm going to be honest. I think you've been going about this all wrong." "I'm offended," Dave told her flatly.
Debasish Mridha|I am glad we have not yet been able to reach the stars or inhabitable planets that dance about them. For they would in all probability be owned and divided by corporations and framed by industrial interests. Better they rest in distant tranquility, apart from our manufactured chaos.Let generations to come that learn to embrace one another, with their scientists, artists and poets, be the ones that immerse in that abundance and future. For now it is best it remains out of humanity's childlike hands in that big jar, light years away, marked "cookies." There for that coming time when the only thing we need feed off of, is the endless discovery and beauty.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|I felt ashamed.""But of what? Psyche, they hadn't stripped you naked or anything?""No, no, Maia. Ashamed of looking like a mortal -- of being a mortal.""But how could you help that?""Don't you think the things people are most ashamed of are things they can't help?
Pawan Mishra|Let’s imagine a running washing machine. Let’s imagine the dirty clothes in the machine and how the liquid detergent is getting the dirt out of clothes and draining it to the waste outlet. Now imagine brain surrounded by a large pool of cleaning fluid called CSF (cerebrospinal fluid). Imagine CSF pulling the wastes from inside the brain and draining it into the blood, which routes it to the waste outlets. CSF clears waste many times faster in sleeping brain than in the waking brain.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You can use songs, scriptures and godly pictures to chart your thought-course in the right direction.
John Ruskin|Say all you have to say in the fewest possible words, or your reader will be sure to skip them; and in the plainest possible words or he will certainly misunderstand them.
Tobsha Learner, The Witch of Cologne|A man who denies his past is a man who truly denies himself a future, for he refuses to know himself, and to deny knowledge of oneself is to stumble through life as handicapped as the blind mute.
Martin Fleischmann|Science by itself is about numbers, and it's about measuring things. It's very important but it's very dry.
Deyth Banger|Times goes by your choice, if you make your days wonderful the days will go fast... and interesting and memorable.... If you do it in boring way they will go like watching a film which doesn't have something to make you get interested without games, crimes, horror, thriller, romance and every single other genre which you think without it the film is awful... but not only genre, but genres!
Aileen Lee|All the sudden high-impact stress can really take a toll on your body. So if you still want to be active and get in a good workout, go to a yoga class or pilates class, or get in some strength and conditioning.
Damian Marley|We know that, when it comes to technology and the economy, if you're not constantly moving forward, then - without a doubt - you're moving backwards.
Kenny Rogers|I work 338 days a year, 16 hours a day.
C. JoyBell C.|And I realized, that the reason why good things were not happening to me as often as wanted them to, was because I in fact was a good thing that needed to happen. I needed to happen to me, to other people and to the world. And so I happened.
Alexandre Dumas fils, La Dame aux Camélias|The whole thing was like a divorce. When we divided everything up, Courtney got my dignity, and I got the heartache.
E. W. Howe|Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, it is not worth finding anyone’s faults. One becomes bound (by karma) by finding faults.
Simon Schama, Dead Certainties: Unwarranted Speculations|Historians are left forever chasing shadows, painfully aware of their inability ever to reconstruct a dead world in its completeness however thorough or revealing their documentation. We are doomed to be forever hailing someone who has just gone around the corner and out of earshot.
Jaime Allison Parker, The Delta Highway|But many people do not fully realize that there are terrible consequences when people becoming things. Self-image is deeply affected. The self-esteem of girls plummets as they reach adolescence partly because they cannot possibly escape the message that their bodies are objects, and imperfect objects at that. Boys learn that masculinity requires a kind of ruthlessness, even brutality. Violence becomes inevitable.
The Ek|Coincidences, in general, are great stumbling-blocks in the way of that class of thinkers who have been educated to know nothing of the theory of probabilities---that theory to which the most glorious objects of human research are indebted for the most glorious of illustration.
Akiroq Brost|I stopped caring about the appearance of the physical shell that is my body. Instead, I concerned myself only with the purifying and beautifying of my soul. I began feeding my heart all the good things: love, hope, courage and belief. I began caring for myself. I began loving myself. I began BEING MYSELF. The power of that was so great that I started to feel healthier, stronger, more energetic. I became healthier, stronger and more energetic and I CONTINUE to become healthier, stronger and more energetic. I came out of hiding, I started talking more, smiling more. I became braver, I felt safer, I built more trust and I took more risks. I risked reaching out, I asked for help from the universe, I asked for help from others, I began searching and grabbing at anything to serve this new purpose: this new path. I opened my mind. I began challenging everything, my thinking, my perspectives. Everything! It's not easy. There were and are moments where everything seems inside out and upside down. But! Amidst this chaos, I found BEAUTY. Beauty in everything around me, beauty in other people and even beauty in ME. Each and every day I feel more beauty. That openness, that growing awareness. That presence in the moment. The depth of being present. The depth of my experiences. The meaning!! Finally, I am learning to live! I am ALIVE! This is my life! I am seizing it. It is mine. I am full of INFINITE POTENTIAL. What a beautiful, wonderful, amazing thing to discover! I am beautiful!
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|With each tweet, post, share and comment, we are building and adding to our digital iceberg.
Gayle Forman, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|You can't undo loss. You can't unmake a mistake. (What The Hell Have You Done, Sophie Roth?)
John Burnham Schwartz, Northwest Corner|that a child is not an event, alleged or otherwise, a mistake or accident or crime. . . he is by definition more than this, sum rather than division, a living promissory note.
Chuck Palahniuk|The first step - especially for young people with energy and drive and talent, but not money - the first step to controlling your world is to control your culture. To model and demonstrate the kind of world you demand to live in. To write the books. Make the music. Shoot the films. Paint the art.
Charlotte M. Mason|None of us can be proof against the influences that proceed from the persons he associates with. Wherefore, in books and men, let us look out for the best society, that which yields a bracing and wholesome influence. We all know the person for whose company we are the better, though the talk is only about fishing or embroidery.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|The revolutionary woman knows the world she seeks to overthrow is precisely one in which love between equal human beings is well nigh impossible. We are still part of the ironical working-out of this, our own cruel contradiction. One of the most compelling facts which can unite women and make us act is the overwhelming indignity or bitter hurt of being regarded as simply ‘the other’, ‘an object’, ‘commodity’, ‘thing’. We act directly from a consciousness of the impossibility of loving or being loved without distortion. But we must still demand now the preconditions of what is impossible at the moment. It is a most disturbing dialectic, our praxis of pain.
Panache Desai, Discovering Your Soul Signature: A 33-Day Path to Purpose, Passion & Joy|Shame is the undercurrent that keeps you living in the belief that you are unworthy of all the bounty life has to offer. Somewhere along the way, we have internalized the belief that we are - in our deepest selves - defective and wrong. Shame is not a natural emotion. Babies aren’t born feeling shame. We manufacture it within ourselves, as punishment for not adhering to the norms of society…Just for today, see what it feels like to open those clenched fists - that clenched heart - and receive every good thing
Carlos Ghosn|I think the biggest difference is that I've noticed Western parents seem much more concerned about their children's psyches, their self-esteem, whereas tough immigrant parents assume strength rather than fragility in their children and therefore behave completely differently.
rainbowbrook, Kissing Is the Easy Part|Don't worry, Sean. You're still hot even in the hospital gown," Sandra said."Don't lie out of pity, Sandy. No one can look hot in these," Flora scolded. A gleam came to life in her hazel eyes. "Wait, are these the type that opens in the back? In that case would you get up and close the blinds over there for us?
Ridley Pearson, Disney after Dark|If you don't beleve in yourself, who will?' ~Maybeck
Robert H. Baker|To the turtle, the concept of "loneliness" is incomprehensible. She always has been alone, and any other social state is unthinkable.
John Dryden, The Spanish Fryar, Or, the Double Discovery: A Tragi-Comedy|There is nothing more terrifying than realizing that the one who knows you best loves you least, pities you even.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|I might be bluffing, you miserable, vomitous mass!" Bran yelled. Oh, for heaven's sake. Really? He's quotin' The Princess Bride?
Isaac Asimov|To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Egde: The Class They Don't Teach You in School|Stay focused, accept everything as perfect and keep moving forward toward the direction of your goals.
Buket Uzuner, Two Green Otters: Mothers, Fathers, Lovers and all the Others|A person is loved for the risk he or she takes for someone else, be it a mother, a father, a child, a lover, or a friend. It takes courage to reach out and connect with another human being. It requires risk and hard work. It takes courage and compassion for a person to truly bond with another. Sometimes even bridges aren't enough.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|We make such messes in this life, both accidently and on purpose. But wiping the surface clean doesn't really make anything any neater. It just masks what is below. It's only when you really dig down deep, go underground, that you can see who you really are.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|When you live for many hundreds of years, you know that every opportunity will come again.
Charles Barkley|What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
David Attenborough|Consider the impact of your personal care choices on our health, water supply and our wider environment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you win the battle in the mind, you have the weapon of life.
Sharon Dodua Otoo, the things i am thinking while smiling politely …|Ugh!' snarled the Wolf, as he limped through the brushwood with his tail between his legs, 'this is perfectly monstrous weather. Why doesn't the Government look to it?
Saadat Hasan Manto|...and it is also possible, that Saadat Hasan dies, but Manto remains alive.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your wife is smarter than you; know this, and you will live happily ever after.
Eleni Papanou, Unison|I charge thee, fling away ambition. By that sin fell the angels.
James Hauenstein|When all else fails, there is music. When that fails you, there is beer.
D. Travers Scott|If queerness can be defined, then it is no longer queer.
Carrie Jones, Need|It's a lot easier to understand things once you name them. It's the unknown that mostly freaks me out. I don't know the name of that fear, but I know I've got it, the fear of the unknown.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|[Mrs. Allen was] never satisfied with the day unless she spent the chief of it by the side of Mrs. Thorpe, in what they called conversation, but in which there was scarcely ever any exchange of opinion, and not often any resemblance of subject, for Mrs. Thorpe talked chiefly of her children, and Mrs. Allen of her gowns.
B.A. Gabrielle|When writing a book, don't think about who is going to see it. Write about how you feel in the moment. Don't let a good idea get away.
Louise Bagshawe|Just remember, honey, you only have one heart.
Keira D. Skye|The stars twinkled above him brilliantly, representing all of the beautiful laws of the universe.
Anthony Liccione|Don't try to be the missing key in my life, and I won't be the unmatched lock, that doesn't let you in.
Patricia V. Davis|Two things I try to remember:My cultural, social, and financial environments formulate my view of the world. My age, sex, race, where I was born, who raised me, and who my inner circle is formulate my view of the world. My education, my exposure to new and different things, or lack thereof, formulate my view of the world. My view of the world formulates my opinions. But, if there's a missing piece from my world view, I can't have an informed, intelligent opinion on it. So, for example, if I've never experienced the color purple, my only informed opinions can be on the other colors. Not purple. I can say, "I don't like purple," or "I like purple," but in either case, my opinion has no significance. The second thing I try to remember is that just because someone has a different opinion than I do, and he tells me so, it doesn't mean I'm being persecuted. In actual fact, it might mean that I'm about to learn something big.
Emma Bull, War for the Oaks|I’ve told you that I’m a tricksy wight, and I am, my sweet. But there are those in the Seelie Court who would make me seem a very perfect knight.
Genereux Philip|Cut anyone and everyone out of your life that makes you feel small, hurt, humiliated, stupid, worthless, etc. do it swiftly and violently and without remorse.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|God is love, and he who abides in love abides in God, and God in him.
Rose McGowan|And it is very sexy as well: somebody says I'm taking you on a surprise date, you don't know where you are going and you can't see and then you put your hand out and there is a tiger. Amazing.
Gautama Buddha|What is evil? Killing is evil, lying is evil, slandering is evil, abuse is evil, gossip is evil, envy is evil, hatred is evil, to cling to false doctrine is evil; all these things are evil. And what is the root of evil? Desire is the root of evil, illusion is the root of evil.
Becca Ritchie, Amour Amour|I’m not letting you go, Fiona,” he murmured before brushing his lips over hers. She tasted like heaven. And his. Only his. “I’m not going anywhere.
William Osler|Surely you couldn't be a good doctor and a terrible human being---surely the laws of man, if not God, didn't allow it.
Walter Kirn|Memo to extreme partisans: If you can't bring yourselves to love your enemies, can you at least learn to hate your friends?
Edwin Thumboo, The Best of Edwin Thumboo|Life, a miracle of nature, an evolved molecule of matter, blossomed in the vast expanse of oceans. Methane, ammonia, hydrogen and water vapor When joined under the radio-active sun, The molecules of non living matter underwent massive changes and became live. It's this accident that made the molecule of protein, Which even Stanley Miller reproduced in lab. Evolution went on, and on and changed , from amoeba to dinosaurs, from ape to man, It was an amazing architecture of nature , Which still continue improving human brain. The amazing creation nature, the man, kept on exploring the mysteries of nature, and succeeded in duplicating nature's marvel through his latest invention - the cloning, and succeeded in decoding even the genetic code. Still we have to salute the mother nature, which has many more mysteries in store!.
Olga Tokarczuk, Prowadź swój pług przez kości umarłych|W jakimś sensie takie osoby jak ona, te, które władają piórem, bywają niebezpieczne. Narzuca się od razu podejrzenie fałszu - że taka osoba nie jest sobą, tylko okiem, które bezustannie patrzy, a to, co widzi, zamienia w zdania; w ten sposób okrawa rzeczywistość ze wszystkiego, co w niej najważniejsze, z niewyrażalności.
John Mark Green|I kiss your tear-stained cheeks, tasting the saltiness of a hidden sea of sorrow.
Aimee Bender|The nerve which controls the pen winds itself about every fibre of our being, threads the heart, pierces the liver.
Matthew Donnelly|The path to enlightenment is when you allow presence, love and gratitude to overlap your ego.
Michael Chabon|The other day as I was stepping out of Star Grocery on Claremont Avenue with some pork ribs under my arm, the Berkeley sky cloudless, a smell of jasmine in the air, a car driving by with its window rolled down, trailing a sweet ache of the Allman Brothers' "Melissa," it struck me that in order to have reached only the midpoint of my life I will need to live to be 92. That's pretty old. If you live to be ninety-two, you've done well for yourself. I'd like to be optimistic, and I try to take care of my health, but none of my grandparents even made it past 76, three killed by cancer, one by Parkinson's disease. If I live no longer than any of them did, I have at most thirty years left, which puts me around sixty percent of the way through my time.I am comfortable with the idea of mortality, or at least I always have been, up until now. I never felt the need to believe in heaven or an afterlife. It has been decades since I stopped believing-a belief that was never more than fitful and self-serving to begin with-in the possibility of reincarnation of the soul. I'm not totally certain where I stand on the whole "soul" question. Though I certainly feel as if I possess one, I'm inclined to disbelieve in its existence. I can live with that contradiction, as with the knowledge that my time is finite, and growing shorter by the day. It's just that lately, for the first time, that shortening has become perceptible. I can feel each tiny skyward lurch of the balloon as another bag of sand goes over the side of my basket.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Misery, thy name is Mudslide
Grandma Moses|To be an artist includes much; one must possess many gifts - absolute gifts - which have not been acquired by one's own effort. And, moreover, to succeed, the artist much possess the courageous soul.
Jhumpa Lahiri|My architecture tends to be legible, light and flexible. You can read it. You look at a building, and you can see how it is constructed. I put the structure outside.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We joyfully pray with grateful hearts, to welcome the sacred-blessings in New Year
Cynthia Ozick, Heir to the Glimmering World|The curtains were blood-red and drawn. This was not an office. It was a small library, two storeys high, with thin ladders and impractical balconies and an expansive ceiling featuring a gaggle of naked Greeks. It was the sort of library you'd marry a man for.
C.G. Faulkner, Unrepentant|Tom stood and cautiously walked over to where the thief lay. He kicked the Colt away from the dirty, lifeless fingers and muttered, “You made me waste a perfectly good breakfast, you manure-headed son of a bitch…
Thomas Aquinas|After a while I noticed that the pendant heart-shaped I wore around my neck, as every angel does, had begun to pulsate with blue light. I knew that this was thanks to Raphael and that he was sending healing energy for Joshua. I took my necklace off and gently put it round his neck so as not to wake him. The blue light grew stronger and started to flicker – then, drawing circles on the sick boy’s skin, it vanished around the level of his heart chakras. As blue light pervaded his entire body from head to toe, I could feel his burning skin slowly cool and his breathing became even.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|Buy laughter with tears, and you'll be rich forever.
Rickie Fowler|People travel north from Barcelona, not south.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|Intellect is limited, but it has one great merit; it can recognise its limits!
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|This, then, is the ultimate, that is only, consolation: simply that someone shares some of your own feelings and has made of these a work of art which you have the insight, sensitivity, and — like it or not — peculiar set of experiences to appreciate. Amazing thing to say, the consolation of horror in art is that it actually intensifies our panic, loudens it on the sounding-board of our horror-hollowed hearts, turns terror up full blast, all the while reaching for that perfect and deafening amplitude at which we may dance to the bizarre music of our own misery.
Estelle Laure, This Raging Light|Music carries the weight of being human, takes it away so you don't have to think at all, you just have to listen. Music tells every story there is.
Yusef Komunyakaa|Respect and mutual respect are important. I, for instance, often show my latest work so that people can see how I work.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|My biggest problem is that my flight is to depart from Denpasar International Airport in Indonesia, where the penalty for drug trafficking is death by firing squad.
Sarah Domet, The Guineveres|From castles of bone unknown music comes But now, that toil rewarded; you, your calculations,––you, your fits of impatience––are no more than your dancing and your voice, not fixed and certainly not forced, although an added reason for a double consequence of inventiveness + success, ––in brotherly and discreet humanity throughout the universe devoid of images;––force and justice reflect thedancing and the voices which are only now esteemed. The voices of instruction in exile... The body’s ingenuousness bit- terly put in its place... –– Adagio –– Ah! the infinite egotism of adolescence, the studious optimism: how full of flowers the world was that summer! Tunes and forms fading... ––A choir, to calm down impotence and absence! A choir of glass pieces, of nocturnal melodies... Soon, indeed, the nerves will slip their moorings.
Ken Poirot|The worst feelings are the warm, anxious burning that portends your heart breaking followed by the wave of numbness that asphyxiates your soul.
Frankie Boyle, My Shit Life So Far|My uncle would have about ten pints some nights and then drive us all home. I guess the feeling was that we weren't going to crash into anyone, because barely any fucker lived there.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Whatever you make, base it upon that which is most important to you. Only then will it have depth and meaning, and only then will it resonate with others.
Ellen F. Davis|I, however, have really never been anywhere yet, not because some sins or other could wrap themselves around me there, but because I'd rather sin at home, where God even announces the weather to me in advance on TV, slowly, so that I can write it down, in case it's worth the proper guilt. Sinning is enough, there's no need for surprises as well.
Kristen Simmons, The Glass Arrow|Behind us are two or three dozen country people from the outlying towns. With them are cages of chicken and goats, sheep, even cattle. That’s where we fit on market day. Between the executions and the livestock sales.
Aamir Siddiqui|Truth hurts. Maybe not as much as jumping on a bicycle with a seat missing, but it hurts.
Kirk Douglas|We've been down the road of your hasty exits too many times, Mrs. Danvers. You married your master, and you married a sadist--of your own free will. You might remember that when you're tempted to walk out in a huff, defy my orders, and behave like a selfish brat. You got that?
Siân Lavinia Anaïs Valeriana, Lavinia - Volume One|It’s one thing to fall in love. It’s another to feel someone else fall in love with you, and to feel a responsibility toward that love.
Laurie Perez, Atomic Truths and Stellar Seeking: A Joybroker's Guide to the Stars Inside|I look around with divine precision and gazing free upon the earth, I see —— architects and earthquakes - empaths and robots - fictions and near misses - lives changing, children sleeping, beauty brimming.I see us - trying on ways of being - so sweet and messy, so worthwhile.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|The only good thing was that by midnight, even most of the bums had gone home to sleep it off. That was lucky for them, because Ray was the worst damn driver I’d ever seen. And that was after I jerked his head out of the duffel and parked it on the dashboard.“Gah! That makes it worse!” he told me, as I tried to get the eyes facing forward.“How can it possibly be worse?”“Because I got double vision now! Get it off! Get it off!”He batted at his own head and succeeded in sending it tumbling into Christine’s lap. She immediately went into hysterics and slapped it away. The head fell out of the car; Ray hit the brakes and we came to a screeching halt.“What are you doing?” I screeched, as he hopped out. “There are people firing at us!”“Tough!” came from somewhere under the car.
Alin Sav|Too much church and too less Jesus is dangerous, it can transform you into a religious person.
Christina Engela|The truth of the world is that in every group you will find some good and some bad people - which is why i am keenly aware that no group is ALL bad, just as no group is ALL good.
Elie Wiesel|Like a forest rose the huge peaks above the slumbering village, measuring the night and heavens. They beckoned him. And something born of the snowy desolation, born of the midnight and silent grandeur, born of the great listening hollows of the night, something that lay 'twixt terror and wonder, dropped from the vast wintry spaces down into his heart-- and called him. Very softly, unrecorded in any word or thought his brain could compass, it laid its spell upon him. Fingers of snow brushed the surface of his heart. The power and quiet majesty of the winter's night appalled him....-The Glamour of the Snow
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The power of a bold idea uttered publicly in defiance of dominant opinion cannot be easily measured. Those special people who speak out in such a way as to shake up not only the self-assurance of their enemies, but the complacency of their friends, are precious catalysts for change.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|By the power of the Tri-Force, I command you to "-------
Susan Ee, End of Days|The feedback from the speakers changes and begins blasting death metal music so loudly into the sky that I swear the bridge suspensions are vibrating.The twins were in charge of the music selection.I catch sight of them on the side of the bridge, each with an arm raised, holding up their forefingers and pinkies in a devil sign, head-banging to the beat. They’re mouthing the words to the garbled voice screaming over the intense electric guitar and drums blasting out of the speakers. They might look pretty badass if it weren’t for their hobo clown outfits.It’s the loudest party the Bay Area has ever heard.
Samantha Hunt, The Invention of Everything Else|Women will one day rule the world, and when they do, their brains will be so finely tuned from all the years of quiet that I anticipate they will be far superior rulers to men.
Shannon L. Alder|The healthy should be reminded that we are all dying because it is through our own reminder of mortality that we accelerate our good intentions, into actions people can see.
Alexander von Humboldt|The philosophical study of nature endeavors, in the the vicissitudes of phenomena, to connect the present with the past.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|I cannot afford to lose you, too""You cannot lose something you do not own. Take me with you
Frances Beinecke|What I remain opposed to is the idea that David Cameron could go around and give up workers' rights, give up environmental protection, give up a whole load of things that are very important.
Alfred Tennyson, Idylls of the King|I fain would follow love, if that could be; I needs must follow death, who calls for me; Call and I follow, I follow! let me die.
Pansy Schneider-Horst|There was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I am old, there is no respect for age. I missed it coming and going.
Taj Mahal|It's hard to dance to really fast music. All you can do is pump your fist to it, and after a while, you're going to have a seizure.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Perfume Collector|She inhaled again. 'You made it rain,' she said softly, delighted. 'Everyone needs a respite from the sun.
Debasish Mridha|The most important question that we should ask is, “How can I serve?
Diana Palmer, Donavan|Get used to it. Life doesn't give, it takes. Anything worth having is worth fighting for.
Sam Shepard|Sometimes, you have to get angry to get things done.
Christopher Hitchens|I can’t hope to convey the full effect of the embraces and avowals, but I can perhaps offer a crumb of counsel. If there is anybody known to you who might benefit from a letter or a visit, do not on any account postpone the writing or the making of it. The difference made will almost certainly be more than you have calculated
Richard Blanco, The Prince of Los Cocuyos: A Miami Childhood|Memories drifting and piling up quietly, like letters on the doormat of an empty house.
Daniel Defoe, The True-Born Englishman: A Satyr|I'm appalled with description of "Sex Criminal" as recreation. Just responded to "20 minutes of action" by father of Stanford rapist. Lots of women at Goodreads, what are you thinking?
K.M. Logan, Called To Write, Biblical Truths For Authors and Bloggers|Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning, even by study and also by faith.
C. JoyBell C.|And that's when I heard the whisper in my heart's ear: "It's not about your childhood. It's about who you are!
Richie Norton|Impersonators, with time give up hope, but great leaders imitate with discretion.
Criss Jami, Healology|God judges men from the inside out; men judge men from the outside in. Perhaps to God, an extreme mental patient is doing quite well in going a month without murder, for he fought his chemical imbalance and succeeded; oppositely, perhaps the healthy, able and stable man who has never murdered in his life yet went a lifetime consciously, willingly never loving anyone but himself may then be subject to harsher judgment than the extreme mental patient. It might be so that God will stand for the weak and question the strong.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|If it's possible to send a message from heaven, I'll get one to you.
Abigail George, Feeding The Beasts|I talked yesterday about caring, I care about these moldy old riding gloves. I smile at them flying through the breeze beside me because they have been there for so many years and are so old and so tired and so rotten there is something kind of humorous about them. They have become filled with oil and sweat and dirt and spattered bugs and now when I set them down flat on a table, even when they are not cold, they won't stay flat. They've got a memory of their own. They cost only three dollars and have been restitched so many times it is getting impossible to repair them, yet I take a lot of time and pains to do it anyway because I can't imagine any new pair taking their place. That is impractical, but practicality isn't the whole thing with gloves or with anything else.
Kamand Kojouri|For what was it about books that once finished left the reader in a bit of a haze and made them reread the last few sentences in order to continue the ringing in their hearts a while longer, so as not to let the silence illumine the fact that reading, they had gained something — distance, a lesson, a companion, a new world — but now, after the last full stop, they had lost something palpable and felt a little emptier than before.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Harvey wanted to dive into his ugliness; he intentionally reached for those long hours of soul desolation. He waited. He paced, ready to face down whatever was to come.Paulette’s, though, busted loose uninvited, catching her completely off guard when she was already hurting, feeling crumbled, and vulnerable. When all she really wanted was some quiet gentle feelings for a change. A few flowers. Some sunshine. A way out of all that inner torment for even just a moment.Had she had brought only nastiness out of her childhood? Hadn’t there been anything sweet she could remember instead?As she wandered back to her cabin, searching for even a single fond memory, light faded everywhere around her.Aw, c’mon, she thought. Everyone had some happy childhood memories. She had to have at least a couple.How about the coloring? Children enjoy coloring; how about that? She’d spent hours and days on her art. It was as close as she could remember to having her Mamma stand over her with anything even remotely resembling approval. Her books and comics could be tales of Jesus, but coloring books had to be Old Testament because “No child’s impure hand could touch a crayon to the sweet beautiful face of our beloved Lord and savior Christ Jesus.”So the little girl had scrunched down over Daniel in the lion’s den. Samson screaming in rage, pain, and terror as they blinded him with daggers and torches. The redder she made the flowing wounds of a man of God shot full of arrows, the richer the flames around those three men being burned in an iron box, the longer Mamma let her stay out of that closet.- From “The Gardens of Ailana
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|The moon and the stars sigh. The days elude them, but they are the ones who witness the sorrows of the night. How they wish they could resolve the unbound grief of the human heart. If only, they could know what it was looking for. If only, unbound joy could be the answer.
Marilyn Berman|Alone, I relished the bird songs, the drone of hushed conversation from neighboring tables, and the gentle lapping of waves sliding on the shore. I didn't feel the passage of time. There was no destination propelling me forward, no past and no future. Each glorious moment was replaced by the next.
[author:Emmanuel M Arriaga|14242139], [book:Foundra: The Rift War|26208458]|Nudity and explicit sex are far more easily available now than are clear images of death. The quasi-violence of movies and television dwells on the lively acts of killing – flying kicks, roaring weapons, crashing cars, flaming explosions. These are the moral equivalents of old-time cinematic sex. The fictional spurting of gun muzzles after flirtation and seduction but stop a titillating instant short of actual copulation. The results of such aggressive vivacity remain a mystery. The corpse itself, riddled and gaping, swelling or dismembered, the action of heat and bacteria, of mummification or decay are the most illicit pornography.The images we seldom see are the aftermath of violent deaths. Your family newspaper will not print photos of the puddled suicide who jumped from the fourteenth floor. No car wrecks with the body parts unevenly distributed, no murder victim sprawled in his own juices. Despite the endless preaching against violent crime, despite the enormous and avid audience for mayhem, these images are taboo.
Erica Jong|The greatest feminists have also been the greatest lovers. I'm thinking not only of Mary Wollstonecraft and her daughter Mary Shelley, but of Anais Nin, Edna St. Vincent Millay, and of course Sappho. You cannot divide creative juices from human juices. And as long as juicy women are equated with bad women, we will err on the side of being bad.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|Everyone thinks of Anubis as this super jacked up jackal. I find that amusing. I guess he must work out a lot.” I guess when you think of it, it is kind of funny. No other picture of gods from that time are ripped. I guess Anubis did Egyptian steroids.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|I wept for relationships not possible due to denial and dreams locked in the back of people’s minds, all of the bits of life that lay dormant until the babblings of televisions and nursing homes sweep them away. It makes me wonder how many of the dreams we had originally have already been forgotten.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|How small life is hereand how big nothingness.The sky, tired of light,has given everything to the snow.The two trees bowtheir heads to each other.Clouds cross the world’ssilence in a circle dance
Justin Chambers|It's true, you can never eat a pet you name. And anyway, it would be like a ventriloquist eating his dummy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If birds sing without worrying about who is listening to them, and monkeys dance without worrying about who is watching them, and hyenas laugh without worrying about who is mocking them, then you too must do what you do best without worrying about who is ridiculing you.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|Ever since the Christmas of '53, I have felt that the yuletide is a special hell for those families who have suffered any loss or who must admit to any imperfection; the so-called spirit of giving can be as greedy as receiving--Christmas is our time to be aware of what we lack, of who's not home.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 25Re-Create YourselfDo not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.
John Scalzi, Your Hate Mail Will Be Graded: A Decade of Whatever, 1998-2008|I'll say it: I want to see an ugly woman as a spokeswoman for a women's network. Ugly men are out there all the time – look at Larry King, for God's sake. He looks like someone's talking underwear. Why not give America a spokeswoman who ain't much to look at but is competent as Hell? If accomplishments actually count for women, this ought to be a no-brainer.
Mary Pauline Lowry, The Earthquake Machine|There is pain in being a woman, yes, but there is pride in it, too.
Mary-Louise Parker, Dear Mr. You|Enraged is the wrong word, but I felt like I wanted to kick you in the shins and then make you banana bread. I wanted to key your car and take you out for dim sum. It was admiration, passion and that voice of yours all mushing together and disarming me, making me want smash something and kiss someone.
Loretta Young|Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|During the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, as humanism gained increasing social credibility and political power, it sprouted two very different offshoots: socialist humanism, which encompassed a plethora of socialist and communist movements, and evolutionary humanism, whose most famous advocates were the Nazis. Both offshoots agreed with liberalism that human experience is the ultimate source of meaning and authority.
C.J. Milbrandt, Aboard the Train|Your name isn't Sniffles?" Ewan pretended to be surprised.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If our minds and hearts are not filled with God’s truth, something else will take His place: cynicism, occultism, false religions and philosophies, drugs—the list is endless.
Jeremy Holmes, John Bowlby and Attachment Theory|The ambivalent strategy involves clinging to the care-giver, often with excessive submissiveness, or adopting a role-reversal in which the care-giver is cared for rather than vice versa. Here feelings of anger at the rejection are most conspicuously subjected to defensive exclusion. Although these strategies have the function of maintaining attachment in the face of difficulties, a price has to be paid. The attachment patterns so established are clearly restricted and, if repeated in all relationships, will be maladaptive.
Deyth Banger|You don't find interesting stuff because you don't search enough, ... every book has it's own lesson. But sometimes it's difficult to get it!
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?|I don't know what being in love with someone is supposed to feel like," Tyler admits with a breathy laugh, "but if being in love means thinking about someone every second of every day... If being in love means your entire mood shifts when they're around... If being in love means you'd do anything and everything for them," he murmurs, "then I am endlessly in love with you.
Alan W. Watts, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are|W might 'conquer' nature if we could first, or at the same time, conquer our own nature, though we do not see that human nature and 'outside' nature are all of a piece.
Gore Vidal, Visit to a Small Planet and Other Television Plays|Love and hate are so confused in your savage minds and the vibrations of the one are so very like those of the other that I can't always distinguish. You see, we neither love nor hate in my world. We simply have hobbies.
William Faulkner, Intruder in the Dust|The American really loves nothing but his automobile: not his wife his child nor his country nor even his bank-account first (in fact he doesn't really love that bank-account nearly as much as foreigners like to think because he will spend almost any or all of it for almost anything provided it is valueless enough) but his motor-car. Because the automobile has become our national sex symbol. We cannot really enjoy anything unless we can go up an alley for it. Yet our whole background and raising and training forbids the sub rosa and surreptitious. So we have to divorce our wife today in order to remove from our mistress the odium of mistress in order to divorce our wife tomorrow in order to remove from our mistress and so on. As a result of which the American woman has become cold and and undersexed; she has projected her libido on to the automobile not only because its glitter and gadgets and mobility pander to her vanity and incapacity (because of the dress decreed upon her by the national retailers association) to walk but because it will not maul her and tousle her, get her all sweaty and disarranged. So in order to capture and master anything at all of her anymore the American man has got to make that car his own. Which is why let him live in a rented rathole though he must he will not only own one but renew it each year in pristine virginity, lending it to no one, letting no other hand ever know the last secret forever chaste forever wanton intimacy of its pedals and levers, having nowhere to go in it himself and even if he did he would not go where scratch or blemish might deface it, spending all Sunday morning washing and polishing and waxing it because in doing that he is caressing the body of the woman who has long since now denied him her bed.
Amit Kalantri, 5 Feet 5 Inch Run Machine – Sachin Tendulkar|The desperation in his voice was misplaced and as his eyes danced over my face I knew he was just as broken as I was. That kiss, those caresses—the feeling of his skin against mine had shattered our perfect friendship. There was no turning back now; having him was the only thing that would make me whole.
Paul Heyse|It's always good to show that poetry isn't the little depressed lyric people believe it to be, that it's something bigger.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Sections in the bookstore- Books You Haven't Read- Books You Needn't Read- Books Made for Purposes Other Than Reading- Books Read Even Before You Open Them Since They Belong to the Category of Books Read Before Being Written- Books That If You Had More Than One Life You Would Certainly Also Read But Unfortunately Your Days Are Numbered- Books You Mean to Read But There Are Others You Must Read First- Books Too Expensive Now and You'll Wait 'Til They're Remaindered- Books ditto When They Come Out in Paperback- Books You Can Borrow from Somebody- Books That Everybody's Read So It's As If You Had Read Them, Too- Books You've Been Planning to Read for Ages- Books You've Been Hunting for Years Without Success- Books Dealing with Something You're Working on at the Moment- Books You Want to Own So They'll Be Handy Just in Case- Books You Could Put Aside Maybe to Read This Summer- Books You Need to Go with Other Books on Your Shelves- Books That Fill You with Sudden, Inexplicable Curiosity, Not Easily Justified- Books Read Long Ago Which It's Now Time to Re-read- Books You've Always Pretended to Have Read and Now It's Time to Sit Down and Really Read Them
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|I once faced a temptation that was so persistent and so overwhelming that I literally believed my whole world would go dark if I refused to give in to it," he said. "All I could do was scream to the Holy Spirit to keep me from it.
Tom   Ryan, Tag Along|It is glorious fun racing down the Hump, but you can't do it on windy days because then you are not there, but the fallen leaves do it instead of you. There is almost nothing that has such a keen sense of fun as a fallen leaf.
Gerard Hughes|A mark of true Christianity will be its intellectual vigour and its search for meaning in every aspect of life. True Christianity will always be critical, questioning and continually developing in its understanding of God and of human life. The subject matter for religion is every human experience. In Christian understanding, God is immanent, that is, God is present in all things, and creation itself is a sign, and an effective sign, of God’s presence - a sacrament. That is why there has been such an emphasis on scholarship and learning in the Christian tradition. Faith, as St Anselm wrote, ‘seeks understanding’, for it is the nature of true faith to trust that God is at work in everything and that there is no question which falls outside the scope of religious inquiry. When faith in God weakens, the critical element will also weaken, and there will be more warning against false doctrines than encouragement to develop our understanding. If the critical element is not fostered, Christians will remain infantile in their religious belief and practice, which will have little or no relation to everyday life and behaviour.
Paulo Coelho|We make a lot of detours, but we're always heading for the same destination
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|Sometimes the human's fraud may reach a peak level and drag the credibility under criticism, so it will make him difficulties distinguishing the integrity in the darkness of the dungeon.
Alejandro Colliard, The Sun, Sex, Blood and Time|Redwing had read somewhere that one of his favourite writers, Ernest Hemingway, had been asked what was the best training for a novelist. He had said “an unhappy childhood.” Redwing had enjoyed a fine time growing up, but he wondered if this whole expedition was unfolding more like a novel, and would be blamed on one person, one character, the guy in charge: him. Maybe you got a happy childhood and then an unhappy adulthood, and that’s how novels worked.
Roy T. Bennett|It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.
Frederick Buechner|Vocation” comes from the Latin vocare (to call) and means the work a man is called to by God.There are all different kinds of voices calling you to all different kinds of work, and the problem is to find out which is the voice of God rather than of society, say, or the superego, or self-interest.The kind of work God usually calls you to is the kind of work (a) that you need to do and (b) that the world needs to have done. If you find your work rewarding, you have presumably met requirement (a), but if your work does not benefit others, the chances are you have missed requirement (b). On the other hand, if your work does benefit others, you have probably met requirement (b), but if most of the time you are unhappy with it, the chances are you have not only bypassed (a) but probably aren’t helping your customers much either.Neither the hair shirt nor the soft berth will do. The place God calls you to is the place where your deep gladness and the world’s hunger meet.
Adam Gellert, Activation: A Story of God's Transforming Power|With God all things are possible, and no conversion ever takes place save by the almighty power of the Holy Ghost. The great need, therefore, of every Christian worker is to know God.
Ray Bradbury|So few want to be rebels anymore. And out of those few, most, like myself, scare easily.
Samantha Hunt, Mr. Splitfoot|Why do the living assume the dead know better than we do?Like they gained some knowledge by dying, but why wouldn’t they just be the same confused people they were before they died?
Regina Brett|If my survival caused another to perish, then death would be sweeter and more beloved.
Liz Curtis Higgs, Bad Girls of the Bible: And What We Can Learn from Them|When men declare their love for us, we should handle them with the utmost care, even if the feelings aren't mutual. For the sake of future marital happiness, or to leave their hearts intact for another woman down the pike, let's be gentle and trustworthy with their brave declarations.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Barfield understood his epochal experience are not as a rebound from love sickness, but as a spiritual epiphany that cured a spiritual illness.
Toni Sorenson|If a tiny bud dares unfold to a wakening new world, if a narrow blade of grass dares to poke its head up from an unlit earth, then surely I can rise and stretch my winter weary bones, surely I can set my face to the spring sun. Surely, I too can be reborn.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|There's one big difference between the poor and the rich,' Kite says, taking a drag from his cigarette. We are in a pub, at lunch-time. John Kite is always, unless stated otherwise, smoking a fag, in a pub, at lunch-time.'The rich aren't evil, as so many of my brothers would tell you. I've known rich people -- I have played on their yachts -- and they are not unkind, or malign, and they do not hate the poor, as many would tell you. And they are not stupid -- or at least, not any more than the poor are. Much as I find amusing the idea of a ruling class of honking toffs, unable to put their socks on without Nanny helping them, it is not true. They build banks, and broker deals, and formulate policy, all with perfect competency.'No -- the big difference between the rich and the poor is that the rich are blithe. They believe nothing can ever really be so bad, They are born with the lovely, velvety coating of blitheness -- like lanugo, on a baby -- and it is never rubbed off by a bill that can't be paid; a child that can't be educated; a home that must be left for a hostel, when the rent becomes too much.'Their lives are the same for generations. There is no social upheaval that will really affect them. If you're comfortably middle-class, what's the worst a government policy could do? Ever? Tax you at 90 per cent and leave your bins, unemptied, on the pavement. But you and everyone you know will continue to drink wine -- but maybe cheaper -- go on holiday -- but somewhere nearer -- and pay off your mortgage -- although maybe later. 'Consider, now, then, the poor. What's the worst a government policy can do to them? It can cancel their operation, with no recourse to private care. It can run down their school -- with no escape route to a prep. It can have you out of your house and into a B&B by the end of the year. When the middle-classes get passionate about politics, they're arguing about their treats -- their tax breaks and their investments. When the poor get passionate about politics, they're fighting for their lives.'Politics will always mean more to the poor. Always. That's why we strike and march, and despair when our young say they won't vote. That's why the poor are seen as more vital, and animalistic. No classical music for us -- no walking around National Trust properties, or buying reclaimed flooring. We don't have nostalgia. We don't do yesterday. We can't bear it. We don't want to be reminded of our past, because it was awful; dying in mines, and slums, without literacy, or the vote. Without dignity. It was all so desperate, then. That's why the present and the future is for the poor -- that's the place in time for us: surviving now, hoping for better, later. We live now -- for our instant, hot, fast treats, to prep us up: sugar, a cigarette, a new fast song on the radio.'You must never, never forget, when you talk to someone poor, that it takes ten times the effort to get anywhere from a bad postcode, It's a miracle when someone from a bad postcode gets anywhere, son. A miracle they do anything at all.
A.N.L. Munby|Book collecting is a full-time occupation, and one wouldn't get far if one took time off for frivolities like reading.
Paul Neilan, Apathy and Other Small Victories|at first I thought you were just using me" she said"I definitely am." I just wasn't sure for what."Asshole!" she said, and punched me in the side. And she laughed as my kidney began to hemorrhage.That's the beauty of honesty. Everyones so unused to hearing it they just assume you're kidding, and you get to feel very good and forthcoming without suffering any consequences except for traces of blood in your urine for the next day or two.
Paul Davies|Imagination is not the exclusive appanage of artists, but belongs in varying degrees to all men.
Winnie Fernando|Labor is a man crowning glory.""Not this man's.""I quote Marx"I raised my hands. The pickaxe handle had been rough."I quote blisters.
Douglas Coupland, Bit Rot|So I got to thinking that perhaps that’s what money is: a crystallization—or, rather, a homogenization—of time and free will into those things we call dollars and pounds and yen and euros. Money multiplies your time. It also expands your agency and broadens the number of things you can do accordingly. Big-time lottery winners haven’t won ten million dollars—they’ve won ten thousand person-years of time to do pretty much anything they want anywhere on Earth. Windfalls are like the crystal meth version of time and free will.
Alexandra May, The Battle for Arcanon Major|You cannot hide from the world. It will find you. It always does. And now it has found me. My split second of immortality is over. All that's left now is the end, which is all any of us ever has.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|And I saw just the other day, in Mentor, Ohio, where a father told the story of his 8-year-old daughter, whose long battle with leukemia nearly cost their family everything had it not been for the health care reform passing just a few months before the insurance company was about to stop paying for her care.I had an opportunity to not just talk to the father, but meet this incredible daughter of his. And when he spoke to the crowd listening to that father's story, every parent in that room had tears in their eyes, because we knew that little girl could be our own.
Joseph Addison|I would find myself laughing and wondering where these ideas came from. You can call it imagination, I suppose. But I was grateful for wherever they came from.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, never forget to love everyone around you.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|I never see problems. I always see challenges. By definition, a problem is something unwelcome or harmful, whereas a challenge is a contest. Contests can be won; and, I love winning.
Jack Nicklaus|A government that can take all and can seize all, a government that doesn't trust its citizens, a government that says it's their way or the highway... that's the scary part.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Why dost thou not see that on earth they desires fly from thee? Art thou a not as a child that thinketh to travel to the sun, when he seeth it rising or setting, as it were close to the heart ; but as he traveleth toward it, it seems to go from him ; and when he hath long wearied himself, it is as far off as ever, for the thing he seeketh is in another world? Even such hath been thy labour in seeking for so holy, so pure, so peaceable as society, as might afford thee a contented settlement here. Those that have gone as far as America for satisfaction, have confessed themselves unsatisfied still (643).
Oscar Wilde|A lily-girl, not made for this world’s pain.
Elizabeth Gaskell, The Life of Charlotte Brontë|Right there in that room, listening to the tape Laura gave me, I decided that I wanted something more than what I’d allowed myself to become. Listening to the voices and piano notes fade in and out, I decided that I wanted to be happy. If I had to fight for things in life, I wanted to fight for something bigger than the right to eat with a fork. I wanted to love and be loved and feel alive. I had no idea how to find my way, but listening to that music wash over me, I felt, for the first time, that the struggle I faced would be worth it.
Ralph Merkle|I forced myself to think what is the new concept and it became clear to me that it was risk, not only in technology and ecology, but in life and employment, too.
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|Storytelling is an ancient art. The lucent vibes of stories express what we cannot articulate directly. When we hear someone’s story, we respond to the spark of humanness within ourselves that seeks to come out in the light and greet the world. When we tell the stories of our lives, we give voice to people bereft of speech, we make the persons whom we love or loved immortal, and we pass along our familiarity with the natural and physical world.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|I'd decided the campus was just a place to hide. There were some campus freaks who stayed on forever. The whole college scene was soft. They never told you what to expect out there in the real world. They just crammed you with theory and never told you how hard the pavements were. A college education could destroy an individual for life. Books could make you soft. When you put them down, and really went out there, then you needed to know what they never told you.
Sheldon L. Glashow|Another very good test some readers may want to look up, which we do not have space to describe here, is the Casimir effect, where forces between metal plates in empty space are modified by the presence of virtual particles.Thus virtual particles are indeed real and have observable effects that physicists have devised ways of measuring. Their properties and consequences are well established and well understood consequences of quantum mechanics.
Tiffany Luard|Don't be a reflection of your depression, your dark, or your ugly. Reflect what you want. Your light, your beauty, & your strength. Aspire for greatness - reflect who you are; not which deficits you maintain. Showcase the hidden treasures.
Bruno Fabre|Everything is just giving me enough air to get to the next day without you. I never stopped being yours.”He dropped his head back, letting out a sigh.I swallowed, taking my chance. “I love you, Jared. I’ve always loved you, and I will always love you.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|One day," you said to me, "I saw the sunset forty-four times!"And a little later you added:"You know-- one loves the sunet, when one is so sad...""Were you so sad, then?" I asked, "on the day of the forty-four sunsets?"But the little prince made no reply.
Auliq Ice|n order to capture someone's attention, you must allow them to have the mental and emotional space to let you in.
LeBron James|How real can your music be if you wake up in the morning hearing birds and crickets? I never hear birds when I wake up. Just a lot of construction work, the smell of Chinese takeout, children screaming, and everybody knocking a different track from 'Ready to Die' as they pass down the street.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Great griefs exhaust. They discourage us with life. The man into whom they enter feels something taken from him. In youth, their visit is sad; later on, it is ominous.
R.W. Schmidt, The Lands Beyond the Moon|Few living do.""Then, have I...I mean, am I-""Oh, no, child! You are still very much alive! Though I may say, not as Alive as you might be if you had died.
Carlina Rinaldi|We cannot live without meaning, that would preclude any sense of identity, any hope, any future.
Jeanette Winterson, The Gap of Time|Zel so often put himself outside of where he wanted to be and then looked in dumbly through the window of his longing, hurt and beaten and knowing that he had hurt and beaten himself but still he did it, over and over.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Society--civilized society, at least--is never very ready to believe anything to the detriment of those who are both rich and fascinating. It feels instinctively that manners are of more importance than morals, and, in its opinion, the highest respectability is of much less value than the possession of a good chef ... Even the cardinal virtues cannot atone for half-cold entrees...
Santosh Kalwar|Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.
Nevada Barr, Liberty Falling|It will always take a good deal more courage to do something foolishly dangerous, when it is planned, than when it happens by surprise.
Dove Cameron|Teen pregnancy went way down in the '90s, and 75 percent of it was because of increased use of contraception.
Elizabeth Berg, Home Safe|You’ve got choices, like any other creature. You can stumble down that road, pretending you can’t help it. You can curl up and die of regret and sorrow for what you’ve done. Or you can get up and fight, even though the battle might be lost.-Finn
Nadège Richards, Burning Bridges|There is a little Juliet inside me, hoping I will lock eyes with my Romeo on the other side of a fish tank or through a gap in a library bookcase. Hell, even if it's behind the condiments section in a supermarket. I don't really mind.
H. P. Lovecraft|There are many alternatives to embryonic stem cell research, alternatives with great potential. We need to support these and oppose creating life for the sole purpose of destroying it.
Aishabella Sheikh, Jungle Princess|Until we will be able to shape the universe the way we wanted, mankind will not be taken seriously by the universe and he shall remain as insignificant ants of the universe!
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|We must change life,' the poet [Rimbaud] had written, and so the Situationists set out to transform everyday life in the modern world through a comprehensive program that included above all else the construction of 'situations' -- defined in 1958 as moments of life 'concretely and deliberately constructed by the collective organization of a unitary ambiance and a play of events' -- but that also necessary entailed the supersession of philosophy, the realization of art, the abolition of politics, and the fall of the 'spectacle-commodity economy.
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, Heartless|If a man has to ask for your trust, it's a sure sign that you should not give it. Trust should be earned inherently, without any verbal demands. Trust is knowing a man's character, knowing truth, and relying on that character and truth even when the odds seem against you.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|I couldn’t stop crying because it was so intimate, in that way I always thought being physical with him would feel. If someone had walked in they might have thought Henry was barely touching me. I knew the truth of it.He was laying me open and bare to him and to God.There wasn’t a more intimate act. I would never recover from this.
Jennifer Salaiz|Was I bitter? Absolutely. Hurt? You bet your sweet ass I was hurt. Who doesn't feel a part of their heart break at rejection. You ask yourself every question you can think of, what, why, how come, and then your sadness turns to anger. That's my favorite part. It drives me, feeds me, and makes one hell of a story.
Kgosietsile Martin Timothy|Stay humble and inherit greatness, wise and inherit eternal life
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Christian's family lived under the shadow cast by his parents. They had purposely become Striogi, trading thier magic and mortality to become immortal and subsist on killing others. His parents were dead now, but that didn't stop people from not trusting him. They seemed to think he'd go Strigoi at any moment and take everyone else with him. His abrasiveness and dark sence of humor didn't really help things, either.
James D. Watson|Looking ahead, I believe that the underlying importance of higher education, of science, of technology, of research and scholarship to our quality of life, to the strength of our economy, to our security in many dimensions will continue to be the most important message.
Yana Toboso, Black Butler, Vol. 3|I want a baby of my very own one day, but it seems that my being male is a BIIIIT of a problem.
Martha Stewart|Sardinia is beautiful. The people were so friendly, and the food was incredible! I also loved Florence. I spent two months there as part of a school study-abroad program. On the weekends, we would get to travel wherever we wanted, so I would explore. That was a magical time.
Andy Samberg|I think about the milestones from my childhood and what it will be like to watch our kids go through them. Taking Riley to her first day of school was a whirlwind. I can't imagine what middle school is going to be like, and high school, and graduation.
Paul Giamatti|When it comes down to it, glam rock was all very amusing. At the time, it was funny, then a few years later it became sort of serious-looking and a bit foreboding.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Imagine yourself having a fight with your romantic partner. The tension of the situation makes your limbic system run at full throttle and you become flooded with stress hormones like cortisol and adrenalin. The high levels of these chemicals suddenly make you so damn angry, that you burst out in front of your partner saying, “I wish you die, so that I can have some peace in my life”. Given the stress of the situation through highly active limbic system, your PFC loses its freedom to take the right decision and you burst out with foul language in front of your partner, that may ruin your relationship. In simple terms due to your mental instability, you lost your free will to make the right decision.But when the conversation is over, and you relax for a while, your stress hormone levels come down to normal, and you regain your usual cheerful state of mind. Immediately, your PFC starts analyzing the explosive conversation you had with your partner. Healthy activity of the entire frontal lobes, especially the PFC suddenly overwhelms you with a feeling of guilt. Your brain makes you realize, that you have done something devilish. As a result, now you find yourself making the willful decision of apologizing to your partner and making up to him or her, no matter how much effort it takes, because your PFC comes up the solution that it is the healthiest thing to do for your personal life.From this you can see, that what you call free will is something that is not consistent. It changes based on your mental health. Mental instability or illness, truly cripples your free will. And the healthier your frontal lobes are, the better you can take good decisions. And the most effective way to keep your frontal lobes healthy is to practice some kind of meditation.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|My people sing, we dance, we love. That is our strength. But we also dig. And then we die. Seldom do we get to choose why. That choice is power. That choice has been our only weapon. But it is not enough.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|The preachers and lecturers deal with men of straw, as they are men of straw themselves. Why, a free-spoken man, of sound lungs, cannot draw a long breath without causing your rotten institutions to come toppling down by the vacuum he makes. Your church is a baby-house made of blocks, and so of the state....The church, the state, the school, the magazine, think they are liberal and free! It is the freedom of a prison-yard.
Nyki Mack|This cavern is below all, and the enemy of all; it is hatred, without exception.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|Man can attempt to become one with the world by submission to a person, to a group, to an institution, to God. In this way, he transcends the separateness of his individual existence by becoming part of somebody or something bigger than himself, and experiences his identity in connection with the power to which he has submitted.
Scott Stabile|The most beautiful thing I've ever seen I'm likely to see again and again in countless forms. Ah, thank you life.
Sunday Adelaja|Has society really become quite thin-skinned, or is acting “offended” a new tactic that is being used to shut down legitimate political debate? Progressives are increasingly claiming to be offended whenever those on the right disagree with their left-wing positions. It doesn't matter what the issue is; the left will divert a legitimate political debate into an accusation that the right disagrees with them because they are full of hate towards them.
Craig Clevenger, Dermaphoria|But inside is my Emmy. She remembers all our adventures together. She knows that for a short time, we had it all.
Oliver Harris, The Hollow Man|HAVING NEVER taken a decent holiday before, I decided on a trip to Thailand, booked a flight and flew out the following week. Mate, I loved it. The friendly people, the food, the females!
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|We only have one chance in this life, so don't waste it on trivial people and matters.
Kate Forsyth|I love to be outdoors, so I like to hike, bike and go to the beach.
Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth|We repeatedly tell patients we are not in a hurry; there are no trains to catch and we don't care when the baby comes, only how! A doctor who is in a hurry does not belong in the field of obstetrics. As my chief pointed out, 'An obstetrician should have a big rear end and the good sense to sit calmly thereupon and let nature take its course.
Daniel Wallace, Big Fish|The preacher released a pent-up breath as he sagged in relief. “Thank God he's gone.” His eyes narrowed at Alexander as he bit out, “Did you know that man had the nerve to lasso me while I was out in the woods?
Nikola Tesla|Edison was by far the most successful and, probably, the last exponent of the purely empirical method of investigation. Everything he achieved was the result of persistent trials and experiments often performed at random but always attesting extraordinary vigor and resource. Starting from a few known elements, he would make their combinations and permutations, tabulate them and run through the whole list, completing test after test with incredible rapidity until he obtained a clue. His mind was dominated by one idea, to leave no stone unturned, to exhaust every possibility.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Did Ida never look for him?" Dieter asks."She didn't believe in spirits.""And what became of Henry?""Oh. From time to time you can still hear him calling. My father heard his voice himself.""Every Saturday night when he came home drunk," Frieda says.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|The leaves of the world comprise countless billion elaborations of a single, simple machine designed for one job only – a job upon which hinges humankind. Leaves make sugar. Plants are the only things in the universe that can make sugar out of nonliving inorganic matter. All the sugar that you have ever eaten was first made within a leaf. Without a constant supply of glucose to your brain, you will die. Period. Under duress, your liver can make glucose out of protein or fat – but that protein or fat was originally constructed from a plant sugar within some other animal. It’s inescapable: at this very moment, within the synapses of your brain, leaves are fueling thoughts of leaves.
James Altucher|As a product of education, I have always believed in the power of education as the most powerful, high-impact catalyst for transformation. Look at the impact that the Indian Institutes of Technology have had globally.
Lidiya K., This Moment|Kids want to be grown ups, adults want to be young and careless again.Single people desperately want a relationship, but those who are in one still complain almost all the time and wish for freedom.The poor want money, the rich want more of it.This means that changing your situation doesn’t prevent you from suffering, doesn’t make your desires go away.So you need to change something on the inside.
Fulton J. Sheen|In a society where women are truly equal to men, a kid bred by a theist mother and an atheist father is born an agnostic. In a patriarchal society, the kid is automatically an atheist.
Alice Munro|I'm not typically a roller coaster person, but Space Mountain I really love out of all roller coasters. That and Splash Mountain.
The Truth|When you look back with regret, that (regret, loss) becomes your focus. Then your focus directs you: you go back to that – again and again.Choose a new rudder: Look forward now – and focus on your passion with joyful anticipation.Then your passion will fill the empty space of your loss...and where you land up will amaze you!
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|...the best way to know the Truth or Beauty is to try to express it. And what is the purpose of existence Here or Yonder but to discover truth and beauty and express it, i.e., share it with others?
Samuel Colman, Harmonic Proportion and Form in Nature, Art and Architecture|We therefore find that the triangles and rectangles herein described, enclose a large majority of the temples and cathedrals of the Greek and Gothic masters, for we have seen that the rectangle of the Egyptian triangle is a perfect generative medium, its ratio of five in width to eight in length 'encouraging impressions of contrast between horizontal and vertical lines' or spaces; and the same practically may be said of the Pythagorean triangle
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Even the demons are encouraged when their chief is "not lost in loss itself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever it will bring, it will be good to be there, in the Land of Future!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|It is not required that we know all of the details about every stretch of the river. Indeed, were we to know, it would not be an adventure, and I wonder if there would be much point in the journey.
Richard Powers, Galatea 2.2|Home is always the impossible subject, multilayered and maddening.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Quem pausa para admirar a beleza se torna tambem belo.(One who pauses to admire beauty becomes, himself, beautiful.)
Gael Garcia Bernal|If someone lacked decency or respect, I didn't allow that person to stay in my world.
Henry B. Eyring|I must have had faith that day. When I went out, I was Henry Fonda again. An unemployed actor but a man.
Jonathan  Mayhew|The name of the regime where media is on the side of the government is undoubtedly fascism, a regime of the sick minds where freedoms are drowned in the cold waters of oppressions!
Sarah Kane, 4.48 Psychosis|Watching me, judging me, smelling the crippling failure oozing from my skin, my desperation clawing and all-consuming panic drenching me as I gape in horror at the world and wonder why everyone is smiling and looking at me with secret knowledge of my aching shame.
Billy Sunday|Religion is the state of being grasped by an ultimate concern, a concern which qualifies all other concerns as preliminary and which itself contains the answer to the question of a meaning of our life.
Rachel Naomi Remen|If you are anything other than humbled in the presence of love, you are not in the presence of love.
Montel Williams|It simply feels right to me to blend the glittery delights of New York City with a largely raw vegan diet - with the soul-deep conviction that animals are not ours to eat, wear, exploit or experiment on.
Oliver Stone|We believe in peace in the settlement of all disputes through peaceful means, in the abolition of war, and, more particularly, nuclear war.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|Our modern day, hyper-rat-race culture often leads us to mistakenly confuse'busy' for 'success'. The truth of the matter is that if you're constantly having to tell people how busy you are and how overwhelmed with work or stressed you are, what you're really telling them is that you can't cope with what's on your plate. You're ‘failing’.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|The faculty of memory cannot be separated from the imagination. They go hand in hand. To one degree or another, we all invent our personal pasts. And for most of us those pasts are built from emotionally colored memories.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|Back then, Billy imagined that drops of rain were unanswered prayers falling back to earth.
Imania Margria|Being able to inspire the body is an easy feat, but being able to inspire the soul as well is true talent.
Salman Rushdie|Fear paralyses you - fear of flying, fear of the future, fear of leaving a rubbish marriage, fear of public speaking, or whatever it is.
Orrin Woodward|dare greatly, think great.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|Unrealistic expectations often lead to disappointment, while simple unbiased attention and detachment to outcome often lead to pleasant surprises.
Kyoko M., Of Cinder and Bone|Jack coughed slightly and offered his hand. “Hi, uh. I’m Jack.”Kim took it. “Jack what?”“Huh?”“Your last name, silly.”“Jackson.”She blinked at him. “Your name is Jack Jackson?”He blushed. “No, uh, my first name’s Rhett, but I hate it, so…” He gestured to the chair and she sat. Her dress rode up several inches, exposing pleasing long lines of creamy skin. “Well, Jack, what’s your field of study?”“Biological Engineering, Genetics, and Microbiology. Post-doc. I’m working on a research project at the institute.”“Really? Oh, uh, my apple martini’s getting a little low.”“I’ve got that, one second.” He scurried to the bar and bought her a fresh one. She sipped and managed to make it look not only seductive but graceful as well. “What do you want to do after you’re done with the project?” Kim continued.“Depends on what I find.”She sent him a simmering smile. “What are you looking for?” Immediately, Jack’s eyes lit up and his posture straightened. “I started the project with the intention of learning how to increase the reproduction of certain endangered species. I had interest in the idea of cloning, but it proved too difficult based on the research I compiled, so I went into animal genetics and cellular biology. It turns out the animals with the best potential to combine genes were reptiles because their ability to lay eggs was a smoother transition into combining the cells to create a new species, or one with a similar ancestry that could hopefully lead to rebuilding extinct animals via surrogate birth or in-vitro fertilization. We’re on the edge of breaking that code, and if we do, it would mean that we could engineer all kinds of life and reverse what damage we’ve done to the planet’s ecosystem.”Kim stared. “Right. Would you excuse me for a second?”She wiggled off back to her pack of friends by the bar. Judging by the sniggering and the disgusted glances he was getting, she wasn’t coming back. Jack sighed and finished off his beer, massaging his forehead. “Yes, brilliant move. You blinded her with science. Genius, Jack.”He ordered a second one and finished it before he felt smallish hands on his shoulders and a pair of soft lips on his cheek. He turned to find Kamala had returned, her smile unnaturally bright in the black lights glowing over the room. “So…how did it go with Kim?”He shot her a flat look. “You notice the chair is empty.”Kamala groaned. “You talked about the research project, didn’t you?”“No!” She glared at him.“…maybe…”“You’re so useless, Jack.” She paused and then tousled his hair a bit. “Cheer up. The night’s still young. I’m not giving up on you.”He smiled in spite of himself. “Yet.”Her brown eyes flashed. “Never.
Kobayashi Issa|There is surely nothing other than the single purpose of the present moment. A man's whole life is a succession of moment after moment. There will be nothing else to do, and nothing else to pursue. Live being true to the single purpose of the moment.
Paul A.M. Dirac|I cannot understand why we idle discussing religion. If we are honest—and scientists have to be—we must admit that religion is a jumble of false assertions, with no basis in reality. The very idea of God is a product of the human imagination. It is quite understandable why primitive people, who were so much more exposed to the overpowering forces of nature than we are today, should have personified these forces in fear and trembling. But nowadays, when we understand so many natural processes, we have no need for such solutions. I can't for the life of me see how the postulate of an Almighty God helps us in any way. What I do see is that this assumption leads to such unproductive questions as why God allows so much misery and injustice, the exploitation of the poor by the rich and all the other horrors He might have prevented. If religion is still being taught, it is by no means because its ideas still convince us, but simply because some of us want to keep the lower classes quiet. Quiet people are much easier to govern than clamorous and dissatisfied ones. They are also much easier to exploit. Religion is a kind of opium that allows a nation to lull itself into wishful dreams and so forget the injustices that are being perpetrated against the people. Hence the close alliance between those two great political forces, the State and the Church. Both need the illusion that a kindly God rewards—in heaven if not on earth—all those who have not risen up against injustice, who have done their duty quietly and uncomplainingly. That is precisely why the honest assertion that God is a mere product of the human imagination is branded as the worst of all mortal sins.
John Steinbeck|We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas.
Julie Anne Peters, Far from Xanadu|Wiping the rivulet of sweat running down my ear with the bottom of my muscle shirt, I snuck a sniff under my pit. Whoa. Kill a moose
Phil McGraw|Marriage may often be a stormy lake, but celibacy is almost always a muddy horse pond.
Barbara Avon, The Christmas Ornament|Her lips were burning with the lies she spoke and yet, he longed to kiss the fire.
James Surowiecki|Not a lot of people get a second chance. And I think for a while there, my name kind of got in my way a bit, based on all of the television I was fortunate enough to do. But after a while, you sort of wear out your welcome in that genre, in that medium.
Jennifer Lane, Streamline|It had been along time since I breached the surface of the world above. My parents wouldn’t allow it. So as far as I knew, the survivors that remained were savages. I’d seen a few things before our colony was built and most of the inhabitants left ran wildly through the bare, desert terrain, filth covering them from head to toe, bones protruding their leathery skin, and foam dripping from their mouths in search of one thing…Nourishment.
Michael Levy|New Year, new month, new day, new moment, all places we have never been before. Enjoy each experience with relish & spice... tasty times ahead.
Karl Kraus|Chastity always takes its toll. In some it produces pimples; in others, sex laws.
Dada Bhagwan|To object/protest (vandha), create difficulties (vachka), and wrong beliefs (agnan) – these three are the reasons the world’s delusion remains. It is to eradicate just these three things that all the worldly scriptures have been created.
Charlie Brooker|It's spider season. Every year, right about now, thousands of the godless eight-legged bastards emerge from the bowels of hell (or the garden, whichever's nearest) with the sole intention of tormenting humankind.
G. Stanley Hall|We need not be afraid of the future, for the future will be in our own hands.
Faith Erin Hicks, The Stone Heart|I want things to change in The Nameless City. I want the people in the city to finally have some influence over its future. We've never had that before. If there's something I can do to make this council of nations happen, I want to know about it. Don't tell me not to be worried. Tell me how to help.
Bill Shapiro, Other People's Love Letters: 150 Letters You Were Never Meant to See|Lies and half-truths hurt not only the liar, but the people they love most.
Charles Baudelaire|Nature is a temple in which living columns sometimes emit confused words. Man approaches it through forests of symbols, which observe him with familiar glances.
Karen Kingsbury, Beyond Tuesday Morning|SHUT UP," Carot Top say, the cocane now taking effect. "This isnt Poetry 101. People want to laugh. Your suposed to be a 'King' of Prop Comedy. But youve been acting more like a jester of prop comedy.
Mos Def|Thirty-three-years-old, still creating art. It's rage, it's creativity, it's pain, it's hurt, but it's the opportunity to still have my voice get out there through music.
Manny Montana|When I started 'DailyGrace,' I was dating a 26-year-old guy I thought was the funniest person in the world. My creation process every day was imagining him watching my videos and wondering, 'Will he laugh at this?' But somehow that's turned into an audience that's mostly 15-year-old girls.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|In democracy, our most important tool is to vote. But our power tool is when we have the power to influence others on who to vote for.
Gail Z. Martin|Creativity works on a winding, circuitous route.
RVM|Life is like a river—it keeps flowing, flowing, and flowing till it merges into the sea. Nothing can stop the flow of Life, but you can enjoy the Journey.
T. Colin Campbell, Whole: Rethinking the Science of Nutrition|By now, I hope you recognize this as one more example of the reductionist paradigm at work, even when it's couched in natural and alternative terms. As we saw in chapter ten, one of the major problems with modern medicine is its reliance on isolated, unnatural chemical pharmaceuticals as the primary tool in the war against disease. But the medical profession isn't the only player in the health-care system that has embraced this element of reductionism. The natural health community has also fallen prey to the ideology that chemicals ripped from their natural context are as good as or better than whole foods. Instead of synthesizing the presumed "active ingredients" from medicinal herbs, as done for prescription drugs, supplement manufacturers seek to extract and bottle the active ingredients from foods known or believed to promote good health and healing. And just like prescription drugs, the active agents function imperfectly, incompletely, and unpredictably when divorced from the whole plant food from which they're derived or synthesized.
David Jeremiah, What In the World Is Going On?: 10 Prophetic Clues You Cannot Afford to Ignore|Make sure you keep an inner state of flexibility, and are not tightly bound to your visions.
Amy Carmichael, If|If my attitude be on of fear, not faith, about the one who has disappointed me; if I say “Just what I expected,” if a fall occurs, then I know nothing of Calvary Love.
Bradley Whitford|Anyone who says they're not afraid at the time of a hurricane is either a fool or a liar, or a little bit of both.
Onyi Anyado|If you take one typewriter and build 100, you’ve made horizontal progress. If you have a typewriter and build a word processor, you have made vertical progress.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
Antoine Predock|The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.
Auli'i Cravalho|All the actors I respect, especially old-Hollywood actors, the reason I think so many of them have had long careers is that there is a sort of mystery about them. You don't know what they do on Friday nights when they go home from work. You have no clue. You have this sort of fantasy about them.
Richard Matheson, The Shrinking Man|Perhaps jungle life, despite physical danger, was a relaxing one. Surely it was free of the petty grievances, the disparate values of society. It was simple, devoid of artifice and ulcer-burning pressures.
Dorothy Bussy, Olivia|Love has always been the chief business of my life, the only thing I have thought—no, felt—supremely worth while, and I don’t pretend that this experience was not succeeded by others. But at that time, I was innocent, with the innocence of ignorance, I didn’t know what was happening to me. I was without consciousness, that is to say, more utterly absorbed than was ever possible again. For after that first time there was always part of me standing aside, comparing, analysing, objecting: ‘Is this real? Is this sincere?’ All the world of my predecessors was there before me, taking, as it were, the bread out of my mouth. Was this stab in my heart, this rapture, really mine or had I merely read about it? For every feeling, every vicissitude of my passion, there would spring into my mind a quotation from the poets. Shakespeare or Donne or Heine had the exact phrase for it. Comforting, perhaps, but enraging too. Nothing ever seemed spontaneously my own. As the blood dripped from the wound, there was always part of me to watch with a smile and a sneer: ‘Literature! Mere literature! Nothing to make a fuss about!’ And then I would add, ‘But so Mercutio jested as he died!
A.E. Housman, More Poems|And when my days run out, I will have lived just a blink of time and the rest will be eternal joy.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|How can you know if you’re normal when you’re always alone? You have no one to compare yourself to. I mean, I have my mom and dad, and I’m pretty normal compared to them. But then… a lot of people are normal compared to them
Chandrakanth Natekar|Science and Truth are simple phenomenon of nature, but it is the known that is preventing us from mastering the unknown.
Anonymous, Popol Vuh|The first men to be created and formed were called the Sorcerer of Fatal Laughter, the Sorcerer of Night, Unkempt, and the Black Sorcerer … They were endowed with intelligence, they succeeded in knowing all that there is in the world. When they looked, instantly they saw all that is around them, and they contemplated in turn the arc of heaven and the round face of the earth … [Then the Creator said]: 'They know all … what shall we do with them now? Let their sight reach only to that which is near; let them see only a little of the face of the earth!… Are they not by nature simple creatures of our making? Must they also be gods?
Nikki Rowe|You can continue to cry over the same pain & complain about the same situations or you can expand your mind and you can grow. Maybe im not alone when I say, sometimes we all get a little confused and feel like we owe it to the people and places to try harder when in reality, most of the time lessons become lifelong if we don't learn the art of peaceful detachment early in the game.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|You had to live in your own bubble. You couldn't force your way into someone else's, because then it wouldn't be a bubble any more.
Debbie Ford|I entered the health care debate in response to a statement in the United States press in summer 2009 which claimed the National Health Service in Great Britain would have killed me off, were I a British citizen. I felt compelled to make a statement to explain the error.
Neymat Khan|Find yourself, so you will find the world inside you, love yourself and you will feel the world is loving you.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Why Anglo-Saxon history?” At the time it had struck the Gray Man as a foolish and unanswerable question. The things that drew him to that time period were surely unconscious and many-headed, diffused through his blood from a lifetime of influences.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|You're dropping the bow hand as you release," he called, although Halt certainly wasn't.His mentor looked around, saw him, and replied pithily, "I believe your grandmother needs lessons in sucking eggs.
Balroop Singh|I’m not beautiful. My mother—”“I know. Your mother was a knockout, and you’re paper bag ugly... Sorry to upset all those cherished illusions of yours, but I don’t see it your way.”“That’s because you didn’t know her.”“Could your mother have led tiger back into its cage?”“Maybe not that, but she was very good with men. They’d do anything for her.”“This man will do anything for you.
Graham Smith|What is particularly striking about his reconstruction and criticisms of the traditional account of friendship is that he finds it deficient not only by the light of his own Christian viewpoint; he also finds friendship deficient when judged from the perspective of its own self-proclaimed ethical foundations. Thus, Kierkegaard concludes that the reciprocity involved in friendship actually betrays its essential selfishness.
Martha Graham|There is a vitality, a life force, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique.  And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and be lost.  The world will not have it.  It is not your business to determine how good it is, nor how valuable it is, nor how it compares with other expressions.  It is your business to keep it yours clearly and directly, to keep the channel open.  You do not even have to believe in yourself or your work.  You have to keep open and aware directly to the urges that motivate you.  Keep the channel open.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The history of man is simply the history of slavery, of injustice and brutality, together with the means by which he has, through the dead and desolate years, slowly and painfully advanced. He has been the sport and prey of priest and king, the food of superstition and cruel might. Crowned force has governed ignorance through fear. Hypocrisy and tyranny—two vultures—have fed upon the liberties of man. From all these there has been, and is, but one means of escape—intellectual development. Upon the back of industry has been the whip. Upon the brain have been the fetters of superstition. Nothing has been left undone by the enemies of freedom. Every art and artifice, every cruelty and outrage has been practiced and perpetrated to destroy the rights of man. In this great struggle every crime has been rewarded and every virtue has been punished. Reading, writing, thinking and investigating have all been crimes.Every science has been an outcast.All the altars and all the thrones united to arrest the forward march of the human race. The king said that mankind must not work for themselves. The priest said that mankind must not think for themselves. One forged chains for the hands, the other for the soul. Under this infamous regime the eagle of the human intellect was for ages a slimy serpent of hypo
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|He completely lacked any ardent interest that might have occupied his mind. His interior life was impoverished, had undergone a deterioration so severe that it was like the almost constant burden of some vague grief. And bound up with it all was an implacable sense of personal duty and the grim determination to present himself at his best, to conceal his frailties by any means possible, and to keep up appearances. It had all contributed to making his existence what it was: artificial, self-conscious, and forced—until every word, every gesture, the slightest deed in the presence of others had become a taxing and grueling part in a play.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|Vladimir Ilyich (Lenin), your concrete actions are completely unworthy of the ideas you pretend to hold.Is it possible that you do not know what a hostage really is — a man imprisoned not because of a crime he has committed, but only because it suits his enemies to exert blackmail on his companions? ... If you admit such methods, one can foresee that one day you will use torture, as was done in the Middle Ages.I hope you will not answer me that Power is for political men a professional duty, and that any attack against that power must be considered as a threat against which one must guard oneself at any price. This opinion is no longer held even by kings... Are you so blinded, so much a prisoner of your own authoritarian ideas, that you do not realise that being at the head of European Communism, you have no right to soil the ideas which you defend by shameful methods ... What future lies in store for Communism when one of its most important defenders tramples in this way every honest feeling?
Neil Gaiman, A Study in Emerald|I have a feeling,’ he said, ‘I have a feeling that we were meant to be together. That we have fought the good fight, side by side, in the past or in the future, I do not know. I am a rational man, but I have learned the value of a good companion, and from the moment I clapped eyes on you, I knew I trusted you as well as I do myself. Yes, I want you with me.
Deyth Banger|Three good men dead, to save a hedge knight's foot.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds.
Debasish Mridha|Have you achieved your goal today? Fantastic! Set a goal for tomorrow, next month, next year, and years from now.
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|Once when he was still young, I saw a bit of his scalp showing through his hair and I was afraid. But it was just a cowlick. Now sometimes it shows through for real, but I feel only tenderness.
Kelly Risser, Never Forgotten|She's a girl after my own heart. Food first, conversation later.
David Bentley Hart, The Beauty of the Infinite: The Aesthetics of Christian Truth|Christ is a persuasion, a form evoking desire, and the whole force of the gospel depends upon the assumption that this persuasion is also peace: that the desire awakened by the shape of Christ and his church is one truly reborn as agape, rather than merely the way in which a lesser force succumbs to a greater, as an episode in the endless epic of power. (3)
George Burns|How much longer would we go on being old young people? They wavedgoodbye to me. I was moved by Annette. She and I wereexactly the same age, and she'd become one of those slightlyfaded Danish beauties who used to attract me when I wastwenty. They were older than I was at that time, and I wasgrateful for their tender protection.
Katee Robert, Meeting His Match|She never thought she'd be into sex that was so overwhelming and desperate, but after that night on the dining room table she started eyeing his furniture in a whole new way. Would he take her on the couch in the formal living room? Or how about the kitchen counter? Maybe his wonderful shower with no less than three showerheads? It made her hot all over just thinking about it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Education delivered by a strict councellor, and recieved with great pains would never brighten the future of any student.
Nanamoli Thera|Wandering across a city — walking often quite alone, down dark alleys, through unfrequented districts and debouching suddenly onto main thoroughfares where for a spell one follows the main stream, is adopted by a group "he has come where we come from, wants to go where we want to go". For a while it is true but the side streets are there. Pause in one of them for a moment, and the stream has moved on. So, as there is no catching up with the group, there is no more reason to return to the main street than to wander away from it... more alleys... more thoroughfares... Where shall we be sleeping tonight? And those odd encounters of eyes in lonely alleys...
Johnny Depp|Everything here is edible; even I'm edible. But that, dear children, is cannibalism, and is in fact frowned upon in most societies.
Cory Taylor|When you’re dying, even your unhappiest memories can induce a sort of fondness, as if delight is not confined to the good times, but is woven through your days like a skein of gold thread.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|You are quite right, I changed my mind and do no longer speak of “radical evil.” … It is indeed my opinion now that evil is never “radical,” that it is only extreme, and that it possesses neither depth nor any demonic dimension. It can overgrow and lay waste the whole world precisely because it spreads like a fungus on the surface. It is “thought-defying,” as I said, because thought tries to reach some depth, to go to the roots, and the moment it concerns itself with evil, it is frustrated because there is nothing. That is its “banality.” Only the good has depth that can be radical.(letter to Scholem from December 1964)
Marcel Proust|Do not wait for life. Do not long for it. Be aware, always and at every moment, that the miracle is in the here and now.
Linda M. Williams|One hundred twenty-nine women with previously documented histories of sexual victimization in childhood were interviewed and asked detailed questions about their abuse histories to answer the question "Do people actually forget traumatic events such as child sexual abuse, and if so, how common is such forgetting?" A large proportion of the women (38%) did not recall the abuse that had been reported 17 years earlier. Women who were younger at the time of the abuse and those who were molested by someone they knew were more likely to have no recall of the abuse. The implications for research and practice are discussed. Long periods with no memory of abuse should not be regarded as evidence that the abuse did not occur. Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology, Vol 62(6), Dec 1994, 1167-1176
Sherman Alexie|I was meant to date the captain of the football team, I was going to be on a romantic excursion every Saturday night, I was destined to be collecting corsages from every boy in town before prom, accepting such floral offerings like competing sacrifices to a Delphic goddess.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|...and realizes how there are all these moments, moments like just this one, there are all these moments, and how everyone lives their lives in these short, all-too-short moments. There are all these moments and what's so interesting, what makes them beautiful, is the fact that none of them last.
L.P. Hartley|He was terrified by the sublime horror of it, for intensity of feeling, carried to this degree, is sublime. ("A Woman's Vengeance")
Michelle Obama|As a mom, I know it is my responsibility, and no one else's, to raise my kids. But we have to ask ourselves, what does it mean when so many parents are finding their best efforts undermined by an avalanche of advertisements aimed at our kids.
Patrick Anderson Jr., Quarter Life Crisis|Life is not just black and white, there are a million shades in between.
Mac MacKenzie|I finally understood that I couldn’t avoid working to provide for myself, but that can also be a wonderfulthing, a beautiful thing.
Plato, The Republic|In following the Way, the noble-minded treasure three things: a manner free of violence and arrogance, a countenance full of sincerity and trust, a voice free of vulgarity and impropriety.
Billy Joel|To me there is no picture so beautiful as smiling, bright-eyed, happy children; no music so sweet as their clear and ringing laughter.
David Quammen, The Song Of The Dodo: Island Biogeography In An Age Of Extinctions|There’s a voice that says: "So what?"It’s not my voice, it’s probably not yours, but it makes itself heard in the arenas of public opinion, querulous and smug and fortified by just a little knowledge, which as always is a dangerous thing. "So what if a bunch of species go extinct?" It says. "Extinction is a natural process. Darwin himself said so, didn’t he? Extinction is the complement of evolution, making room for new species to evolve. There have always been extinctions. So why worry about these extinctions currently being caused by humanity?" And there has always been a pilot light burning in your furnace. So why worry when your house is on fire?
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|A waft of wind came sweeping down the laurel-walk, and trembled through the boughs of the chestnut: it wandered away-away-to an indefinite distance-it died. The nightingale's song was then the only voice of the hour: in listening to it, I again wept.
Aysha Taryam|Media is an assemblage of tools with which to expand an audience's conception of what "the world" is to such and extent that their own lives and capabilities seem utterly insignificant; a means of psychological warfare by which people are overloaded with information and desensitized to their own and others' suffering; the sum of all means by which human beings reduce the infinite complexity of reality to a dead-end maze of abstractions.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are different kinds of birds and there are different situations and places to find these birds. Some of these birds choose to eat carcass and some prefer fresh meat. Some eat from backyards and some will take their food far from sight. There are those who soar higher and least live on short and common trees and there are those who wouldn’t mind sleeping on any tree. There are those who exhibit their dexterity on the ground to the joy and admiration of all people, and there are those who make people raise their heads and strain their eyes before they see them. There are those whose appearance comes with awe, and there those who would pass without people taking a second look at them in admiration. There are those whose voices are a wake-up call and there are those whose sounds give reasons to ponder! There are those who sing sweet melodies and there are those whose sounds threaten. There are those who are for special meals and occasions, and there are those who are fit for the base of any pot at all. There are those who though are humble and friendly, yet when you go beyond your boundary, they will show how they are hungry! There are those who dive amazingly and there are those who just swim and move around in water! Life is just like that; different people, different values and different functions!
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|When you wake up from a dream you have only a few precious moments before the details of the dream begin to dissipate and the memory fades.Not all dreams are significant or worth remembering.But the ones that are . . . happen again.So, wait for the dream to return. And never be afraid. Instead, consider it an opportunity to learn something profound and possibly wondrous about yourself.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|It's just the most amazing thing to love a dog, isn't it? It makes our relationships with people seem as boring as a bowl of oatmeal.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|Did you follow me here?""Something like that."I let out a frustrated groan. "Can't anyone just talk to me straight? Why is everyone avoiding my damn questions tonight?"Bishop's brows went up. "Okay, fine. Yes, I followed you here. Better?""Yes. Stalkery, but better.""I'm not stalking you.""Spoken like a true stalker
Jean-Paul Sarte|Here, the mother country is satisfied to keep some feudal rulers in her pay; there, dividing and ruling she has created a native bourgeoisie, sham from beginning to end; elsewhere she has played a double game: the colony is planted with settlers and exploited at the same time. Thus Europe has multiplied divisions and opposing groups, has fashioned classes and sometimes even racial prejudices, and has endeavoured by every means to bring about and intensify the stratification of colonised societies. Fanon hides nothing: in order to fight against us the former colony must fight against itself: or, rather, the two struggles form part of a whole.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a surprise waiting, every moment we are discovering that surprise.
Dave Hunt, An Urgent Call To A Serious Faith|If God in all of His infinite power and love were real to us, the opinions of men, either for or against us, and the honor or dishonor they may bestow would shrink into nothingness in comparison.
Peter Benchley|In my opinion, the only way to conquer stage fright is to get up on stage and play. Every time you play another show, it gets better and better.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|Relationships are built on small, consistent deposits of time. You can't cram for what's most important. If you want to connect with your kids, you've got to be available consistently, not randomly.
Daniel Stern|Fortunately the Omanis are generally very friendly and in no time at all, I had a knight in shining white dishdasha offering to help me.
James Surowiecki|Unlike most government programs, Social Security and, in part, Medicare are funded by payroll taxes dedicated specifically to them. Some of the tax revenue pays for current benefits; anything that's left over goes into trust funds for the future. The programs were designed this way for political reasons.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|Whether the underlying cause of your dependency is a chemical imbalance, unresolved events from the past, beliefs you hold that are inconsistent with what is true, an inability to cope with current conditions, or a combination of these four causes, know this: not only are all the causes of dependency within you, but all the solutions are within you as well.
Daisaku Ikeda|The very moment you understand that being a Muslim and being American or European are not mutually exclusive, you enrich your society. Promote the universal principles of justice and freedom, and leave the societies elsewhere to find their model of democracy based on their collective psychology and cultural heritage.
Marcus Peter Johnson, One with Christ: An Evangelical Theology of Salvation|Christmas is about Christ. When we forget that, we lose the true magic of Christmas.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|When we are blinded by our frustration and devastation we become oblivious to the life preserver floating inches away from us. If we take a minute to think positive, utilize our faith, and become proactive, we are able to think rationally and clearly. We then will recognize the life preserver which will keep us afloat and help us get to our destination.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|But where do you live mostly now?"With the lost boys."Who are they?"They are the children who fall out of their perambulators when the nurse is looking the other way. If they are not claimed in seven days they are sent far away to the Neverland to defray expanses. I'm captain."What fun it must be!"Yes," said cunning Peter, "but we are rather lonely. You see we have no female companionship."Are none of the others girls?"Oh no; girls, you know, are much too clever to fall out of their prams.
Daniel Hansen|You`re only as weak as you let yourself become, and you`re only as strong as you allow yourself to be.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|You'd think God would come right out and tell us what to do in the Bible, but He doesn't. He mostly tells stories, and He rarely stops the story to say what the point is. He just lets the characters and conflict hang in the air like smoke.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|As for methods of prayer, all are good, as long as they are sincere.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|There is no rational commensuration between what affects us and what affects others; the first we sense physically, the other only touches us morally.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|He needs a looser association. He needs something that implies a man who wants the ice shard to remain in his chest, who's learned to love the sensation of being pierced.
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|Why should anyone be so grateful for acceptance unless he doubts that he is acceptable, and why should a young, educated and successful couple have such doubts, if not due to the fact that they cannot accept themselves because they are not themselves.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What great deed can parent do, than to pray for their children.
Stephen Richards, Psycho Stephen|Someone once asked me if I knew the feeling of fear. Oh, I knew fear. Well, really speaking I never feared any fucker at that time; I’ve got to be honest. But I knew fear, the fear of losing! There was never any fear of combat! My father instilled that fear in to me and that was what drove me on to win … the fear of what was to come after you went home saying you’d lost!
Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes|One of the biggest favors that you can do for yourself is to accept your loved ones for who they are, and not be constantly disappointed because they are not who you think they should be.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|Do you want to have to tell the doctor at the emergency room that the reason your wound opened up was because you couldn't keep your you know what in your pants." "First of all, I don't think I'd have to say you know what in front of the doctor.
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|Crooked Warden, I will fear no darkness for the night is yours. Your night is my cloak, my shield, my escape from those who hunt to feed the noose. I will fear no evil, for you have made the night my friend.
Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things|This is the next and the more profound stage of the battle for civil rights. We seek not just freedom but opportunity. We seek not just legal equity but human ability, not just equality as a right and a theory but equality as a fact and equality as a result.
Doug Dorst, S.|You might say that S. has only himself to blame, that it is entirely his choice to fight this fight, to live a life of vigilant somnolence or somnolent vigilantism, to allow himself to be satisfied with Sola in the margins of his manuscripts instead of in his arms, and you might be right. But you ought to understand, too, that there's an attrition that takes place inside, one in which options and choices and even desires are ground ever smaller until finally their existence can no longer be confirmed by observation or weight or displacement but only by faith. Until desire is a ghost.
Andrew  Smith, Grasshopper Jungle|All stories told have been told before. We tell them to ourselves, as did all men who ever were. And all men who ever will be. The only things new are the names.
Jeff Erno, Bullied|The years thunder by.The dreams of youth grow dimwhere they liecaked in dust on the shelves of patience.Before we know it, the tomb is sealed.Where, then lies the answer?In choice.Which shall it be:Bankruptcy of Purseor Bankruptcy of Life?
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|It was while bent over, trying to breathe through the pain of bruised ribs, with the sensation of spit running down his cheek that Jason decided he was going to die.
Christopher Hitchens|His importance to the century just past, and therefore his status as a figure in history as well as in literature, derives from the extraordinary salience of the subjects he ‘took on,’ and stayed with, and never abandoned. As a consequence, we commonly use the term ‘Orwellian’ in one of two ways. To describe a state of affairs as ‘Orwellian’ is to imply crushing tyranny and fear and conformism. To describe a piece of writing as ‘Orwellian’ is to recognize that human resistance to these terrors is unquenchable. Not bad for one short lifetime.
Gherman Titov|Life can be less mysterious than we make it out to be when we try to think about how it would be on other planets. And if we remove the mystery of life, then I think it is a little bit easier for us to think about how we live, and how perhaps we're not as special as we always think we are.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|The beauty myth of the present is more insidious than any mystique of femininity yet: A century ago, Nora slammed the door of the doll's house; a generation ago, women turned their backs on the consumer heaven of the isolated multiapplianced home; but where women are trapped today, there is no door to slam. The contemporary ravages of the beauty backlash are destroying women physically and depleting us psychologically. If we are to free ourselves from the dead weight that has once again been made out of femaleness, it is not ballots or lobbyists or placards that women will need first; it is a new way to see.
Ron Barrow|Believe in yourself, refuse to waiver! Once you control your mind, you control your DESTINY here on earth.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|Red in the head, Silver in the heart
Thomas F. Shubnell|If you seek happiness, look in the mirror. If you seek love, look elsewhere.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception|For your information, Lester, there are at least five wonderful parts of the female body that can be viewed by the owner only with a hand mirror.
Salman Rushdie|Obviously, a rigid, blinkered, absolutist world view is the easiest to keep hold of, whereas the fluid, uncertain, metamorphic picture I've always carried about is rather more vulnerable. Yet I must cling with all my might to … my own soul; must hold on to its mischievous, iconoclastic, out-of-step clown-instincts, no matter how great the storm. And if that plunges me into contradiction and paradox, so be it; I've lived in that messy ocean all my life. I've fished in it for my art. This turbulent sea was the sea outside my bedroom window in Bombay. It is the sea by which I was born, and which I carry within me wherever I go.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|If I can't feel, if I can't move, if I can't think, and I can't care, then what conceivable point is there in living?
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|What is it I can do to repay you for your deeds?" He watched a sweet smile spread across her rosy lips, and in those unforgettably magical blue eyes, he caught a mischievous sparkle he'd not noticed before."I will think of something, Killian O'Brien. One day, I am certain, I will think of a way.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When the world does its level best to devalue me in ways that are nothing short of brutal, all it does is evidence my value. For why would it expend such massive amounts of energy attempting to destroy something that’s not there?
William Skakespeare|All that glisters is not gold;Often have you heard that told.Many a man his life hath soldBut my outside to behold - Gilded tombs do worms infold;Had you been as wise as bold,Young in limbs, in judgement old,Your answer had not been inscrolled - Fare you well; your suit is cold.
Benjamin Lytal|Americans refused to see accidents as accidental. They did not comprehend they while tragedy always exacts a formidable price, it rarely incurs a debt.
Tania De Rozario, And the Walls Come Crumbling Down|Coming home to someone is many things. It is a literal action, an abstract idea, a physical feeling. It is more than the sound of the key turning in the door and the voice that calls from the porch. It is a choice, a promise, a declaration. It is a return, not as a person to a place, but as oneself to another. It is one person saying to another person: You are the one I choose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you find courage, faith and hope to live your dreams.
Karen Shreck|There is nothing more heartbreaking than to see the woman you love, the one woman you would do anything to protect, is the woman who is afraid of you. It broke his heart.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Only that 'holy' book which teaches you to love all beings - animals or human things - read. Another one, idiots do, You let go, God speed.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|When you can't enter through the front door, kick in a window.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If roses tried to be sunflowers, they would lose their beauty; and if sunflowers tried to be roses, they would lose their strength.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Here, however, you made art because it was the only thing you've ever been good at, the only thing, really, you thought about between shorter bursts of thinking about the things everyone thought about: sex and food and sleep and friends and money and fame. But somewhere inside you, whether you were making out with someone in a bar or having dinner with your friends, was always your canvas, its shapes and possibilities floating embryonically behind your pupils.
R.J. Palacio|[A] great novel will allow you to transcend the social, racial and political limitations imposed by the vicissitudes of life and to find a deep fraternity based on empathy.
Timothy Joshua|How many lovers did a person need, anyway?
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Every time I had things straight in my head abouthim, I saw him smile or crook an eyebrow, and all my sensible reasons on why I couldn’t have feelings for him seemed redundant.
Gloria Furman, Treasuring Christ When Your Hands are Full: Gospel Meditations for Busy Moms|And she's like, you know, the 'Grace' in U2's song, the one that 'carries the world on her hips'.” - Diana Rigsby, M.D. Ph.D.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|How did you become blind, uh, Jeff is it?"Yeah, Jeff. Well, I looked directly at the sun, you know, the way they always tell you not to. If only I had listened.
Dada Bhagwan|If you keep the burden on your head, God (Bhagwan) will move away.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|She, on the other hand, seized things, truly wanted them, was passionate about them, played for all or nothing, and wasn’t afraid of contempt, mockery, spitting, beatings.
Ramana Pemmaraju|To be happy with your woman, make her emotional, but never become emotional!
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|...Ty grabbed my phone and threatened to tell Otter that I liked being spanked during sex.This proceeded to lead up on a long tangent where I had to have him explain to me how he knows about stuff like people getting spanked during sex. H said he might have heard it mentioned while watching MSNBC. I told him he was grounded from watching the news channels for a week. That's where this whole sidebar should have ended, but then I was forced to explain S & M and bondage to my little brother, who was persistent on the topic, and who kept staring at me with mounting horror when I finally /did/ explain, and I realized I had maybe gone too far, and we had to spend the next five minutes swearing to God that I had never nor would I ever attempt to do anything like that. He might now be the only nine-year-old who has heard the terms "cock ring" and "fisting". My parenting skills are unparalleled.
Luther Burbank|But how conceive a God supremely good/ Who heaps his favours on the sons he loves,/ Yet scatters evil with as large a hand?[Written after an earthquake in Lisbon killed over 15,000 people]
H.G. Wells|(...) and spend my days surrounded by wise books, - bright windows in this life of ours, lit by the shining souls of men.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|Not pretty exactly, but gleaming with the loveliness of youth.
Karl Robert Eduard von Hartmann|If you blend in, you don't stand out.
Zongtrul Losang Tsöndru, Chöd in the Ganden Tradition: The Oral Instructions of Kyabje Zong Rinpoche|Involvement with the eight worldly dharmas keeps beings imprisoned in the realms of samsara and renders them susceptible to the hosts of emotions. The eight worldly dharmas are: praise and blame, gain and loss, fame and disgrace, happiness and suffering. The eight worldly dharmas constitute our attachment to hopes and fears: We hope for praise, gain, fame, and happiness while fearing blame, loss, disgrace, and suffering. Entangled in these eight concerns, we give our energy and intelligence to the pursuit of these hopes and the avoidance of these fears. Our way of thinking is completely dominated by these eight concerns, which the world proclaims to be of utmost importance. But Śāntideva reminds us that to achieve true peace of mind, one must "... turn this thinking upside down," becoming indifferent to hope and unmoved by fear.
Andrew Barrett|He couldn’t read her these days; it was as though she’d been taken away from him, and in her place some alien had dropped a figure that looked like Alice, but was a cheap imitation of her with half the emotions missing or malfunctioning.
Heather Hall, Love in the City|I'm a five-hundred-year-old born vampire with an ever-expanding wardrobe, a serious cosmetics addiction, and enough outstanding Visa charges to fund a small third-world country.
Christopher Moley|The mandarins of culture—what do they do to teach the common folk to read? It's no good writing down lists of books for farmers and compiling five-foot shelves; you've got to go out and visit the people yourself—take the books to them, talk to the teachers and bully the editors of country newspapers and farm magazines and tell the children stories—and then little by little you begin to get good books circulating in the veins of the nation. It's a great work, mind you!
Barbara Delinsky, Blueprints|When the truth emerges, it can’t be ignored. Nor will it wait.
Jim Valvano|It behooves every man to remember that the work of the critic is of altogether secondary importance, and that, in the end, progress is accomplished by the man who does things.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|Love, Mercy, and Grace, sisters all, attend your wounds of silence and hope.
Todd Stocker|While ignorance might be bliss, apathy can be deadly.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|I am someone who has a cold heart. If I am beside a great grief I throw barriers up so the loss cannot go too deep or too far. There is a wall instantly in place, and it will not fall.
Dave Barry|People try so hard to believe in leaders now, pitifully hard. But we no sooner get a popular reformer or politician or soldier or writer or philosopher—a Roosevelt, a Tolstoi, a Wood, a Shaw, a Nietzsche, than the cross-currents of criticism wash him away. My Lord, no man can stand prominence these days. It's the surest path to obscurity. People get sick of hearing the same name over and over...We want to believe. Young students try to believe in older authors, constituents try to believe in their Congressmen, countries try to believe in their statesmen, but they can't. Too many voices, too much scattered, illogical, ill-considered criticism. It's worse in the case of newspapers. Any rich, unprogressive old party with that particularly grasping, acquisitive form of mentality known as financial genius can own a paper that is the intellectual meat and drink of thousands of tired, hurried men, men too involved in the business of modern living to swallow anything but predigested food. For two cents the voter buys his politics, prejudices, and philosophy. A year later there is a new political ring or a change in the paper's ownership, consequence: more confusion, more contradiction, a sudden inrush of new ideas, their tempering, their distillation, the reaction against them-
Orson Scott Card, Maps in a Mirror: The Short Fiction of Orson Scott Card|The truth feels like it hurts, yet actually it builds. A lie feels like it builds, yet actually it hurts.
Tim Relf, Stag|Forgiveness is what makes adults different to children: children just forget, adults forgive.
Ka Chinery, Perceptions from the Photon Frequency: The Ascended Version|The person who understands that God is the only One who builds, becomes His beloved. And to that kind of pastor God will give sleep.
David Foster Wallace|Certainly something had happened to me during the night. Or after months of tension I had arrived at the edge of some precipice and now I was falling, as in a dream slowly, even as I continued to hold the thermometer in my hand, een as I stood with the soles of my slippers on the floor, even as I felt myself solidly contained by the expectant looks of my children. It was the fault of the torture that my husband had inflicted. But enough, I had to tear the pain from memory, I had to sandpaper away the scratches that were damaging my brain.
Karl Ove Knausgård|Had the world been different, in my opinion, without mountains and oceans, plains and seas, deserts and forests, and consisted of something else, inconceivable to us, as we don't know anything other than this, we would also have found it beautiful. A world with gloes and raies, evanbillits and conulames, for example, or ibitera, proluffs, and lopsits, whatever they might be, we would have sung their praises because that is the way we are, we extol the world and love it although it's not necessary, the world is the world, it's all we have.
Blake Lively|Nothing says holidays, like a cheese log.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Without a compelling vision to draw you away from your present and pull you through any challenges and into the future, it becomes easy to settle for a lesser life than the one you could achieve.
Joseph Campbell|In a happy marriage it is the wife who provides the climate, the husband the landscape.
Shannon L. Alder|Right or Wrong, most times, merely depends on perspective. It takes humility (not necessarily logic) to let go of our egos to see through the other person's eyes. But I guess even I, myself, can't let go to see why you'd object.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|Communism forgets that life is individual. Capitalism forgets that life is social, and the kingdom of brotherhood is found neither in the thesis of communism nor the antithesis of capitalism but in a higher synthesis. It is found in a higher synthesis that combines the truths of both.
Israelmore Ayivor|A young child is a leader to an elderly person once his purpose has a faithful, sincere and trustworthy influence on people. Leadership is not restricted to position and age; it is self-made and influencial. Everyone has this self-leadership quality.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|And that's when I first learned about evil. It is built in to the very nature of the universe. Every world spins in pain. If there is any kind of supreme being, I told myself, it is up to all of us to become his moral superior.
Dan Wells, Fragments|Once lively peonies nowwind-weary, and ragged at the edges, hang their heavy crowns; rain on their backs,one final act, beforedetaching from the stemand falling down.
Sheri Dew, If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths|Thus, when we plead for the gift of charity, we aren't asking for lovely feelings toward someone who bugs us or someone who has injured or wounded us. We are actually pleading for our very natures to be changed, for our character and disposition to become more and more like the Savior's, so that we literally feel as He would feel and thus do what He would do.
Mary Virginia Provines, Bright Heritage|A library cannot be made all at once, any more than a house or a nation or a tree; they must all take time to grow, and so must a library. I wouldn't even know what books to go and ask for. I dare say, if I were to try, I couldn't at a moment's notice tell you the names of more than two score of books at the outside. Folk must make acquaintance among books as they would among living folk.
Aaron Taylor-Johnson|Everyone wants instant everything, and they want instant success, but I always think you should treat things in the arts like a garden, and let them grow.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Fear of the mob is a superstitious fear. It is based on the idea that there is some mysterious, fundamental difference between rich and poor, as though they were two different races, like Negroes and white men. But in reality there is no such difference. The mass of the rich and the poor are differentiated by their incomes and nothing else, and the average millionaire is only the average dishwasher dressed in a new suit. Change places, and handy dandy, which is the justice, which is the thief? Everyone who has mixed on equal terms with the poor knows this quite well. But the trouble is that intelligent, cultivated people, the very people who might be expected to have liberal opinions, never do mix with the poor. For what do the majority of educated people know about poverty?
Moonshine Noire|As melancholia replaced the jarring of my invention, I sat.Unable to breathe in the smog I had created, unable to stand on my betraying legs, unable to howl at the heavens over my sordid soul.In this inferno, I became paroxysmic, my self-hatred, superparamount, numbness dulling the agony of such a devilish act,An iron curtain fell upon the surrounding world, or at least what I had left of it to be owned by the laconic eclipse.All the angels fled, disowning my prayers, the lurid world backed away, leaving me forsaken and detached,I could no longer hear the bombings, hear them fall, my own fabrication, only the dead air that came after, the intense silence.Cynical and paralyzed, I realized I had purloined a portion of Hell and given it to the unwilling Earth,Punishing those I had no right to punish, judging those I had no reason to condemn, destroying cities I had never set foot in.This is how I became Death, the destroyer of Worlds.
Samuel Johnson|Calm, open debate, and logical thought drive strength to its maximum effectiveness.
Robin S. Sharma|Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|If you ever wanna be motivated, go try and be homeless for a day and that will just light a fire under your butt like none other.
Jamie Magee, Insight|Winning is a choice, but losing is an option.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When the heart is beautiful, its light shines though the eyes, vocal tones and actions of its owner.
Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God|It goes with a courageous intent to greet the universe as it really is, not to foist our emotional predispositions on it but to courageously accept what our explorations tell us.
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|I sent a silent prayer up to the Phoenix to keep her safe a little longer, because I would tear the shifters limb for limb until I got my baby sister back.
Debasish Mridha|Even though she was soft and kind, her thoughts were strong like steel.
Darlene Ouimet|An overwhelming majority of us come from dysfunctional families in which we were taught we were not okay, where we were shamed, verbally and/or physically abused, and emotionally neglected even as (we) were taught to believe that we were loved.
Charlotte Whitton|Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Love is my drug of choice, even if it comes laced with pain and disaster.
Leslie Le Mon, The Disneyland Book of Secrets 2014 - Dca: One Local's Unauthorized, Rapturous and Indispensable Guide to the Happiest Place on Earth|For many reasons, Dear,” Delia said in a soothing voice. “We are tired of running , tired of traveling. It is time for us to be together in a world where your kind of evil does not exist." Lucan growled at her, but she continued, "And I could not let my daughter or my son feel responsible for the lives you planned to take today. They are good and strong, and they will rule this kingdom after they destroy you. They will restore our immortality; they will bring peace and life again. You may take my life today, I will grant you this, but soon, very soon they will take yours and my sacrifice will be for the greater good of my people.
David Williamson Shaffer|Hard fun is, of course, the idea that we take pleasure in accomplishing something difficult: the joy in meeting and mastering a challenge. As a result, when someone is doing something that is hard fun, moment by moment it looks more like "work" than "fun," but the net effect is pleasurable overall.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love in your mind can be felt by some, love in your heart can be felt by many, but love in your soul can be felt by all.
Aristotle|When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
Heather Sellers, Page After Page: Discover the Confidence & Passion You Need to Start Writing & Keep Writing|I treat my writing life like a fabulous, enchanting lover, because that is what it is to me. Something that is terribly time consuming, delicious and time-stopping. I have missed important meetings for love, and I will continue to put my writing life in the same position. My writing life is the lover at the center, not the neglected cranky demanding millstone, my ball and chain.When you are love, truly and passionately, you don't have to write down in your daily schedule "Spend quality time with Lover today." You can't not.
William Wharton|Hell, there're already too many psychologists; too many everythings. Too many engineers, too many chemists, too many doctors, too many dentists, too many sociologists. There aren't enough people who can actually do anything, really know how to make this world work.When you thing about it; when you look at the way it really is; God, we've got - well, let's say, there's 100 percent. Half of these are under eighteen or over sixty-five; that is not working. This leaves the middle fifty percent. Half of these are women; most are so busy having babies or taking care of kids, they're totally occupied. Some of them work, too, so let's say we're down to 30 percent. Ten percent are doctors or lawyers or sociologists or psychologists or dentists or businessmen or artists or writers, or schoolteachers, or priests, ministers, rabbis; none of there are actually producing anything, they're only servicing people. So now we're down to 20 percent. At least 2 or 3 percent are living on trusts or clipping coupons or are just rich. That leaves 17 percent. Seven percent of these are unemployed, mostly on purpose! So in the end we've got 10 percent producing all the food, constructing the houses, building and repairing all the roads, developing electricity, working in the mines, building cars, collecting garbage; all the dirty work, all the real work.Everybody's just looking for some gimmick so they don't have to actually do anything. And the worst part is, the ones who do the work get paid the least.
Ajay Chandan|Having equipped ourselves with sophisticated living, we've lost something which is essential in its exclusivity, it's neither morals nor values, neither power nor determination, neither intelligence nor knowledge, neither warfare nor bloodshed, the uniqueness that we really lost is our capacity to THINK; Worst part is our willingness to stay with its ramifications
Charles Hanson Towne|‎"Life's book is hard to understand: Why couldst thou not remain atschool?
Jasper Fforde, The Big Over Easy|Experience hath shewn, that even under the best forms, those entrusted with power have, in time, and by slow operations, perverted it into tyranny; and it is believed that the most effectual means of preventing this would be, to illuminate, as far as practicable, the minds of the people at large...
Barbara Oakley|If you are one of those people who can’t hold a lot in mind at once—you lose focus and start daydreaming in lectures, and have to get to someplace quiet to focus so you can use your working memory to its maximum—well, welcome to the clan of the creative. Having a somewhat smaller working memory means you can more easily generalize your learning into new, more creative combinations. Because your learning new, more creative combinations. Having a somewhat smaller working memory, which grows from the focusing abilities of the prefrontal cortex, doesn’t lock everything up so tightly, you can more easily get input from other parts of your brain. These other areas, which include the sensory cortex, not only are more in tune with what’s going on in the environment, but also are the source of dreams, not to mention creative ideas. You may have to work harder sometimes (or even much of the time) to understand what’s going on, but once you’ve got something chunked, you can take that chunk and turn it outside in and inside round—putting it through creative paces even you didn’t think you were capable of! Here’s another point to put into your mental chunker: Chess, that bastion of intellectuals, has some elite players with roughly average IQs. These seemingly middling intellects are able to do better than some more intelligent players because they practice more. That’s the key idea. Every chess player, whether average or elite, grows talent by practicing. It is the practice—particularly deliberate practice on the toughest aspects of the material—that can help lift average brains into the realm of those with more “natural” gifts. Just as you can practice lifting weights and get bigger muscles over time, you can also practice certain mental patterns that deepen and enlarge in your mind.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Henry Knox|I am going to confront the old-fashioned negative thinking which says that all government needs to do to generate growth is cut worker and environmental protections, cut taxes on the rich and stroke 'fat cats' until they purr with pleasure. I'm completely repudiating the idea that government has to get out of the way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Once the light shines on your path, you will see clearly.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tree and Leaf: Includes Mythopoeia and The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth|Don’t look for permanent love. You will be disappointed. It is found only in novels, fairy-tales, and films.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|The author's alliterative description of politics since the 1960 presidential debates: "Government by Gotcha".
Robert Ellsberg, All Saints: Daily Reflections on Saints, Prophets, & Witnesses for Our Time|Mournier defined his own position as one of 'tragic optimism--' a Christian attitude of absolute engagement in the struggles of history, despite the fact that the Absolute cannot be contained in history. 
Mala Naidoo, Across Time and Space|She was home, the passage walls, memorabilia of Ben's life, past and present, welcomed her like a doting grandmother.
Samuel Johnson|The greatest sweetener of human life is Friendship. To raise this to the highest pitch of enjoyment, is a secret which but few discover.
Ryan Holiday|I don't want success to affect me to that extent that I change or failure to that extent that I get sad, bitter and negative.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|There is no happiness in love, except at the end of an English novel.
Terry Pratchett|I remember tap-dancing and singing in front of the TV when I was a kid, telling my dad to stop watching Ed Sullivan or Milton Berle and watch me.
Tori Amos|One day, one of my dreams is to someday get to do Nemo in '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.'
Debi Pearl|A good marriage is good because one or both of them have learned to overlook the other's faults, to love the other as they are and to not attempt to change them or bring them to repentance.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|But those two circles, above all the point at which they touched, are the very thing I am mourning for, homesick for, famished for. You tell me 'she goes on.' But my heart and body are crying out, come back, come back. Be a circle, touching my circle on the plane of Nature. But I know this is impossible. I know that the thing I want is exactly the thing I can never get.
RVM|Far greater than all the material possessions that I possess, is my Freedom to Choose, my Freedom to Live, and my Freedom to be Happy.
Carole Mortimer|I'm happily married to Peter senior; we're best friends as well as lovers, which is probably the best recipe for a successful relationship. We live in a lovely part of England.
Richard Bunning|All story fiction is both truth that happens and never happens. Fiction is always about humanity, even if no subject is humanitarian or even human.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Sometimes, especially as women, we don't feel comfortable giving ourselves that credit. We're selfless in the best ways. But that can be dangerous too. You need to feel comfortable with affirming the greatness of who you are as a partner, a wife, a mother, a person. You are great. What you have to offer is great. When you give your time, your love, your respect, you deserve respect in return. You deserve comfort, you deserve honesty, and you deserve to feel safe. That's what relationships are supposed to be about - a place where you feel good, right?
Twyla Tharp|I like the idea of being a sculptor. Just me alone, making something - that solitary existence.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|In this world, people always find a way of doing what they want
Debasish Mridha|Maimed, mad, and sexually different people were believed to possess supernatural powers by primal cultures' magico-religious thinking. For them, abnormality was the price a person had to pay for her or his extraordinary gift.
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|As soon as he stood in front of her, she folded her arms and looked cross.	"You don't have any gardening skills. You turned down a prestigious job to weed the garden?	"I will be rewarded richly in treasures untold."	She raised a brow.	"I've heard dragon-shifters pay a lot of money to merchants and the like.	"Aaagh, but you are also a dragon-shifter of a sort. 	Yes, but I am a gardener, which means I don't go on high-risk missions to earn my gold.
David Shindler, Learning to Leap, A Guide To Being Employable|your moods and colors are my climate, not the changing face of the sky
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|It is less mortifying to believe one's self unpopular than insignificant, and vanity prefers to assume that indifference is a latent form of unfriendliness.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|I am a Tralfamadorian, seeing all time as you might see a stretch of the Rocky Mountains. All time is all time. It does not change. It does not lend itself to warnings or explanations. It simply is. Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I've said before, bugs in amber.
Kishan Paul, Blind Love|He moved his head closer to mine and then stopped, his lips a few millimetres away from mine. I couldn't breathe, my heart was racing, but not from the usual fear I had. It was because I wanted to kiss him
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|You are where you are right now because of the actions you've taken, or maybe, the inaction you've taken.
Theodore Roethke|The GeraniumWhen I put her out, once, by the garbage pail,She looked so limp and bedraggled,So foolish and trusting, like a sick poodle,Or a wizened aster in late September,I brought her back in againFor a new routine -Vitamins, water, and whateverSustenance seemed sensibleAt the time: she'd livedSo long on gin, bobbie pins, half-smoked cigars, dead beer,Her shriveled petals fallingOn the faded carpet, the staleSteak grease stuck to her fuzzy leaves.(Dried-out, she creaked like a tulip.)The things she endured!-The dumb dames shrieking half the nightOr the two of us, alone, both seedy,Me breathing booze at her,She leaning out of her pot toward the window.Near the end, she seemed almost to hear me-And that was scary-So when that snuffling cretin of a maidThrew her, pot and all, into the trash-can,I said nothing.But I sacked the presumptuous hag the next week,I was that lonely.
