Elise Kova, Earth's End|You wished for time,” Aldrik explained. “I heard each utterance when you beseeched time to stop, for mornings not to come. I want you to know I shared your every sentiment. I wanted to give you the promise of my minutes, my hours, my days.” His long fingers curled around hers, around the watch. “My future is yours, Vhalla Yarl.
Raphael Zernoff|We truly help others working on ourselves. When it comes from the knowledge that the only power we have is over our own choices, we do not struggle taking responsibility for what is not ours to be responsible for. When we choose to be happy our joy works like a lighthouse. The lighthouse does never guide ships to its own light. It always leads them to the safe harbour. Yet it is their choice, whether they want to follow the light or something else.- Raphael Zernoff
Nouman Ali Khan, Revive Your Heart: Putting Life in Perspective|An oft-quoted statistic from the [United Nations] reports is that the amount of literature translated into Spanish in a single year exceeds the entire corpus of what has been translated into Arabic in 1,000 years.
Xi Jinping|Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean; it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|Now fairy stories are at risk too, like the forests. Padraic Column has suggested that artificial lighting dealt them a mortal wound: when people could read and be productive after dark, something fundamental changed, and there was no longer need or space for the ancient oral tradition. The stories were often confined to books, which makes the text static, and they were handed over to children.
Rhoda D'Ettore, Goin' Postal: True Stories of a U.S. Postal Worker & The Creek: Where Stories of the Past Come Alive|She had a pretty good idea what Tony was seeking. He couldn't look at her without seeing her mother, and father, and brother. He needed to know for certain that she would never share their point of view, one which saw nothing beyond the color of his skin. 		 Janet wanted to abolish his doubts but could not, for the simple reason that she did see Tony's color. The genesis of their love was physical attraction, and his complexion had lured her the same as hers undoubtedly pulled him. It was not his blackness that she fell in love with, but it was a part of him, and therefore, a part of what she loved.
Peter Jennings|The more I work with the body, keeping my assumptions in a temporary state of reservation, the more I appreciate and sympathize with a given disease. The body no longer appears as a sick or irrational demon, but as a process with its own inner logic and wisdom.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Astounding Biblical Mysteries Revealed in His Own Words Like Never Before in Human History|If God offers the world for sale, how much will you pay for it? What is the price of your own destruction?
Godwin Elendu Ph.D|Do not wait, there will never be a right time, start from where you stand.
Emily Riedel|I have argued that when we encounter other humans we experience them first as persons, and cannot help but do so. This means that in order to see a human person as an animal or organism we must abstract from the totality of our experience. My suggestion is that we take this fact seriously in understanding the ontology of everyday objects. According to this proposal a “human animal” or “human organism” is not a thing in its own right, but rather a particular perspective we take on ourselves and our lives, one that attends only to our purely biological functions.
Jane Yolen|Their lips were too thin to ask forgiveness, and their minds too mean to understand love.
Jasper Fforde, The Well of Lost Plots|Books may look like nothing more than words on a page, but they are actually an infinitely complex imaginotransference technology that translates odd, inky squiggles into pictures inside your head.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|I keep telling the screws over and over again, ‘If you treat a young boy in prison like a dog, keep him in a cell that is like a cage and constantly beat him and bully him, that boy is going to grow up hating yous and the system.’ The only thing on his mind will be revenge, maybe it is not revenge on the screws that so frequently bullied and tortured him, but in the boy’s eyes he is getting revenge on the uniform, as it all means the same thing in the boy’s or man’s eyes.
Mary C. Lamia, The White Knight Syndrome: Rescuing Yourself from Your Need to Rescue Others|Accept that what you see is what you'll get. Once your relationship becomes firmly established, your partner's personality and the way in which [he or] she treats you will most likely be what your future together will look like. Staying with a partner whom you hope will change usually results in disappointment.
Tahereh Mafi|The Sun is an arrogant thing, always leaving the world behind when it tires of us. The Moon is a loyal companion. It never leaves. It's always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do. Everyday it's a different version of itself. Sometimes weak and wan, sometimes strong and full of life. The Moon understands what it means to be human. Uncertain. Alone. Cratered by imperfections.
Katherine Paterson, Preacher's Boy|I was behaving, just like I promised, but fate intervened.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|Heart cannot think what outrage and what cries, with black smoke and flashing fire, the beast threw forth, turning the whole world to darkness.
Isaac Asimov, The Naked Sun|The Solarians have given up something mankind has had for a million years; something worth more than atomic power, cities, agriculture, tools, fire, everything; because it's something that made everything possible (...) The tribe, sir. Cooperation between individuals.
Orison Swett Marden|The public is not to see where power lies, how it shapes policy, and for what ends. Rather, people are to hate and fear one another.
Shannon L. Alder|...when someone is honest and vulnerable, they wring my heart - I want to hug them for being real...
Tanmaya Guru|My mind is sharp, my luck is fast, nothing is impossible for me.
Christopher Hitchens|The anti-life of [Jerry Falwell] proves only one thing: that you can get away with the most extraordinary offenses to morality and truth in this country if you'll just get yourself called Reverend. People like that should be out in the street, shouting and hollering with a cardboard sign and selling pencils from a cup.
Dani N M.|People are like water: Many rush pass you, as some will over-flood. Some will drown you, or force you to go their current ways. Some will be cold or hot-tempered, but try to say with the warm ones. Some will come as a raging wave and cause a ripple, or a calm sea, supporting you, quenching your thirst, and flow by your side to where kisses will always stay wet.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Woman: You've Got All It Takes!|Expose Yourself to True Friendship for It Heals, encourages and lifts you higher.
Elizabeth Peters, The Ape Who Guards the Balance|Loud ringing noises, I've discovered, upset Mr.Peepers.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Because I started investing in wiserrelationships, I am now an absurdly wealthy woman—if blessings,fulfillment & joy are measured as wealth.
Craig Silverstein|A teenager deserves a library that recognizes reality. He needs an information source and study area that does not impose arbitrary, crippling rules on him. His library should recognize that dignity and silence are not prior requisites to learning […] He would like, needs, and deserves for other people to stop trying to protect him and allow him the right to choose information for himself […] Most of all the teenager needs people in libraries to recognize and accept him as a respectable human being.
Thomas Szasz, Law, Liberty and Psychiatry|I've a regard for law, although I do not always agree with it. Without law, man becomes a beast.
Michael J. Collins, Blue Collar, Blue Scrubs: The Making of a Surgeon|Fang swerved closer to me, big and supremely graceful, like a black panther with wings. Oh, God. I'm so stupid. Forget I just said that. "He needs a Band-Aid," I said. A look passed between me and Fang, full of suppressed humor, relief, understanding,love — Forget I said that too. I don't know what's wrong with me.
Verghese Kurien, I Too Had a Dream|Down through the centuries, the Savior has repeatedly lifted the fallen from the holes they've dug for themselves one shovel scoop at a time. After His grand rescue, the Redeemer does not always seal that hole shut behind us. He does not force us into relationship or bully us into repentance. Instead, He leaves us with a choice: follow Me or fall again.
Robert Browning|Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time.
Mark Burnett|A steady patriot of the world alone, The friend of every country but his own.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|Actions, not knowledge, bring result.
Liezi, The Book of Master Lie|When you know that illusion and transformation are no different from birth and death, then you may learn magic.
Arne Jacobsen|We are stymied by regulations, limited choice and the threat of litigation. Neither consultants nor industry itself provide research which takes architecture forward.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Until I was left with nothing but life and books, I realised these two gracious gifts, where enough for me to exist.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the truth, maybe I didn't want things to turn abstract, but I felt I should say it, because this was the moment to say it, because it suddenly dawned on me that this was why I had come, to tell him "You are the only person I'd like to say goodbye to when I die, because only then will this thing I call my life make any sense. And if I should hear that you died, my life as I know it, the me who is speaking with you now, will cease to exist.
Kathy Boevink|On any journey, we must find out where we are before we can plan the first step.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|If you want to fly you need to grow up, to grow up you need to be a kid again. To be a kid again you have to just be yourself; so come out of your cozy comfort zone, Yell out and break the boundaries your are stuck in.. Then only you can fly.
Elie Wiesel, Dawn|To hate someone you just have to observe and watch, but to love someone it takes everything.
Peter Ustinov|If the City Council wants to hold the police accountable, it has the subpoena power and oversight responsibility to do so. They don't have the courage to do it.
Robin McKinley, Shadows|There will always be detours in the fascinating game called life. Find the path to your heart’s desires, and stay on course.
Julia  Butler, The Last Encore|These days, all I ask of Fate is that the people she hurls into my life, whether they are evil or good, or morally bipolar, should be amusing to one degree or another. This is a big request to make of busy Fate, who has billions of lives to keep in constant turmoil.
Fall Out Boy|You are what you love not who loves you"- Fall Out Boy
Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries|How does a poet know when a poem is ended? Because it lies flat, taut; nothing can be added or subtracted. How does a woman know when a marriage is over? Because of the way her life suddenly shears off in just two directions: past and future.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|I was empty... [and Aidan] gave me hope ... gave me back myself. ... [He] filled me. He reminded me of what it was like to feel passionate about what I did, who I was with. ... [He] showed me what it was like to love someone the way he did, with his whole self, holding nothing back.
Alan Stern|I really enjoy what I do, and who I'm with and where I am. Having said that, I'm not really a person of habit, because what I do in my job is travel around the world and play concerts to people, and occasionally do very weird things.
Seanan McGuire|Give a genius enough time and opportunity, and his idiocy will come shining through.
Mitt Romney|I love cars; I like the idea of manufacturing something, having a product, a hard product to sell and promote, but as time went on, I recognized that car companies are so bureaucratic and so ossified that it would take forever to work your way up. And so I went into consulting.
Herbert Hoover|For years now I have been talking about personal responsibility and accountability, both in our private lives and in the halls of government. Those are important principles here in Idaho, and they will form the basis of this administration.
Judy Frankel|When a million little things go right, that’s called success. Failure functions as the great leveler. When things don’t go as planned, it’s humbling. It’s important to make mistakes along the way, or we would be impossible to live with.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|She'd read ton of books with female heroines who swooned at the sight of their true love and had thought them to be incredibly wimpy. Now here she stood, barely able to keep herself upright. Not that she was in love...far from it. But a girl could appreciate a bona fide hottie when she saw one, right?
Anthony T. Hincks|Still, everyone at the party tried it because no one wants to admit that gazpacho tastes like partially melted tomato ice cream. The problem was that by the time they swallowed their spoonful of soupsicle the waiter was gone, causing all of them to stand in their elegant attire while awkwardly holding a dirty spoon like a terrible, unwanted accessory. Some people laid their empty spoons on windowsills or on the ground when they though no one was looking, but most just looked with quiet desperation for a waiter who might never return and were forced to hold the spoons at their sides, seemingly pretending that the spoons were cigarettes or small fancy dogs. I saw one woman look around expectantly for a minute and when she realized no one was coming back for the spoon she just shrugged and tossed it in the pool. It seemed slightly bitchy, but you have to respect that level of I-have-no-fucks-left-to-give-about-silverware-that-doesn't-even-belong-to-me. With that one spoon drop she told everyone at the party, "If you aren't going to take care of your shit them I'm sure as hell not going to take responsibility for it.
Bonnie Hunt|I think humor can be an effective way of getting the point across, but there are definitely times where I just write very earnestly.
Michelle Smart, Once Upon A Twist|She looked up, over the bandage that was nestled under her chin, and saw that the big-belly man with the red beard was starting at her, shaking his head. He looked like he was crying. "I got ya this time," he whispered, as if to himself. "This time, I got ya.
Chris Sardegna|It is certainly true that all beliefs and all myths are worthy of a respectful hearing. It is not true that all folk beliefs are equally valid - if we’re talking not about an internal mindset, but about understanding of the external reality.
Seth Adam Smith|You are infinitely capable. You don't live in the universe. You are the universe. You are the entire universe experiencing itself through the eyes of one human. And thus, you are free to create the reality you choose.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|Never has our future been more unpredictable, never have we depended so much on political forces that cannot be trusted to follow the rules of common sense and self-interest—forces that look like sheer insanity, if judged by the standards of other centuries. It is as though mankind had divided itself between those who believe in human omnipotence (who think that everything is possible if one knows how to organize masses for it) and those for whom powerlessness has become the major experience of their lives.
Daoud Hari|How can I explain this? Why is it you can never hope to describe the emotion Africa creates?You are lifted.Out of whatever pit, unbound from whatever tie, released from whatever fear. You are lifted and you see it all from above. Your pit, your ties, your fear. you are lifted, you slowly rise like a hot-air balloon, and all you see is the space and the endless possibilities for losing yourself in it.
Stefan Molyneux|I had some peculiar ideas about love. I’ll tell you what I thought on the subject back then: it’s about as much use as a barrel with no bottom. When I fed the pigs and two of them got to scrapping over an old soft onion, I thought: that’s love. Love is eating. Love is a snarling pig snout and long tusks. Love is a dress like the sun. Love is the color of blood. Love is what grown folk do to each other because the law frowns on killing.I said I loved her back. I put my hand on the door and I said I loved her back and when I said it I thought of kissing her and also of shooting her through the eye.
Chalene Johnson, PUSH: 30 Days to Turbocharged Habits, a Bangin' Body, and the Life You Deserve!|Positive energy is your priceless life force. Protect it. Don't allow people to draw from your reserves; select friends who recharge your energies . . . I'm not asking you to cut people out of your life, but I am asking you to invest your time with people who will push you to be your best. Winners love to see other people win.
David Foster Wallace|Blogging is a great way to show your talents and interests to prospective employers, while adding an edge to your resume. If you blog consistently it shows your dedication, passions and creativity - all of which are key attributes employers look for in job candidates.
Thomas Malthus|Give us equality of enjoyment, equal right to expansion - it is as necessary to our prosperity as yours.
Walter Pater|Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Not a few millions of parents strongly hope that their own children will step in by instantly becoming their own parents’ foster parents, if and when the parents reach their second childhood.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|There is no other force, no other determining factor, no external cause to the cohesive unfolding of your life’s episodes – only your composite inner nature. Change that and you change your life.
Patricia Briggs, Frost Burned|It’s the only way to know you’re really in love, when you ask the question would it be harder to watch him die, or to know he’ll watch me die? Is there more mercy in being the one who does the watching or in being the one who does the dying? It’s when you realize what mercy-killing actually means, it’s when you actually care to the point of tormenting worry. It’s not roses and white horses, it’s fucking brutal and it can send a person running for the hills. To love is brave.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A fish is a genius in water, an eagle is a genius in air, a fox is a genius on land, and a sage is a genius in life. 
Jeffrey Fry|For basic survival, as for evolution, we have to accept the past as the creator of the present, influence the future, and act in the present.
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|On the lowest level, this loss of soul turns the man into the hen-pecked husband who lives with his wife as though she were his mother upon whom he is solely dependent in all things having to do with emotions and the inner life. But even the relatively positive case where the woman is the mistress of the inner domain and mother of the home who simultaneously has the responsibility for dealing with all the man's questions and problems having to do with emotions and the inner life, even this leads to a lack of emotional vitality and sterile one-sidedness in the man. He discharges only the "outer" and "rational" affairs of life, profession, politics, etc. Owing to his loss of soul, the world he has shaped becomes a patriarchal world that, in its soullessness, presents an unprecedented danger for humanity. In this context we cannot delve further into the significance of a full development of the archetypal feminine potential for a new, future society.
Luc Sante, Low Life: Lures and Snares of Old New York|The destruction of sight, wherever the injuries be sustained, follows the same law: all colours are aﬀected in the ﬁrst place, and lose their saturation. Then the spectrum is simpliﬁed, being reduced to four andsoon to two colours; ﬁnally a grey monochrome stage is reached, although the pathological colour is never identiﬁable with any normal one. Thus in central as in peripheral lesions ‘the loss of nervous substance results not only in a deﬁciency of certain qualities, but in the change to a less diﬀerentiated and more primitive structure’.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Follow your heart, be happy forever.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Everyone is vulnerable in some places! To don't be such person, make sure that you don't have weak places!
Aristotle|Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history; for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.
Amelia F. Jones|If I weren’t a gentleman, I would pound you into the ground right now.” He unfisted his hands in order to dismiss the temptation.
Jyoti Arora, Dream's Sake|An opportunist ventures nothing, believes in nothing and invests in nothing, therefore he ends with nothing.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction|I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Music is either sacred or profane. What is sacred accords completely with its nobility, and this is where music most immediately influences life; such influence remains unchanged at all times and in every epoch. Profane music should be altogether cheerful.Music of a kind that mixes the sacred with the profane is godless and shoddy music wich goes in for expressing feeble, wretched, deplorable feelings, and is just insipid. For it is not serious enough to be sacred and it lacks the chief quality of the opposite kind: cheerfulness.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|And he gave it for his opinion, "that whoever could make two ears of corn, or two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
Paul Dirac|Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.
Chrissy Teigen|Hobbits are an unobtrusive but very ancient people, more numerous formerly than they are today; for they love peace and quiet and good tilled earth: a well-ordered and well-farmed countryside was their favourite haunt.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|EPITAPH OF JALALUDIN RUMIWhen we are dead, seek not our tomb in the earth, but find it in the hearts of men.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Connection: Change your life within minutes!|A man may fail many times, and then he turns to Cosmic Ordering.
William Lyon Mackenzie King|It serves notice that President Bush is serious about promoting freedom, because free societies are a lot more peaceable than dictatorships and monarchies.
Mahatma Gandhi|A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.
Bernard Beckett, Genesis|When an idea takes hold, nothing can stop it!
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|Ask any guy if sex is important in a relationship and the one who says no is lying. I just haven't met that guy yet. When you meet him, let's get him in to the Smithsonian - he's that special and rare.
Donella Meadows|Humans have certain properties and characteristics which are intrinsic to them, just as every other organism does. That's human nature.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
Robert Kennedy|Many men fail because they do not see the importance of being kind and courteous to the men under them. Kindness to everybody always pays for itself. And, besides, it is a pleasure to be kind.
Mary Webb, Gone to Earth|She had so deep a kinship with the trees, so intuitive a sympathy with leaf and flower, that it seemed as if the blood in her veins was not slow-moving human blood, but volatile sap.
Ashton Eaton|Tamerlan Tsarnaev, one of the two brothers who carried out the marathon bombing, was a non-practicing Muslim who only became an Islamist militant once his dreams of becoming an Olympic boxer faded. At the time of the attack, he was unemployed.
Sun Tzu|Yes, guns are to men what jewelry is to women!
Samuel Chadwick|Satan dreads nothing but prayer. His one concern is to keep the saints from praying. He fears nothing from prayerless studies, prayerless work, prayerless religion. He laughs at our toil, he mocks our wisdom, but he trembles when we pray.
Nina -, Johnny Kiddow|When you have nothing to say, don't.
Agatha Christie, Endless Night|Probably everybody be nice to you if they knew you were dying," he said."Everybody knows everybody is dying," I said. "That is why people are nice. You all die soon enough, so why not be nice to each other?
T.S. Eliot|You must know nothing before you can learn something, and be empty before you can be filled. Is not the emptiness of the bowl what makes it useful? As for laws, a parrot can repeat them word for word. Their spirit is something else again. As for governing, one must first be lowest before being highest.
John Green|The opportunity of studying history, is the opportunity to experience empathy.
Iain M. Banks, Consider Phlebas|No, I mean, this is a problem that most people have. A problem of the human condition. We get ahold of some kind of shorthand in understanding people, and we think it works, and we use it to assess, categorize, and then, very often, dismiss people. It's the basis for stereotyping, profiling, and several other very sorry words that end in i-n-g.
R.J. Anderson, Spell Hunter|I found her lying naked on the lawn at midnight, can I keep her?
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|the Qur’ān appears to be interested in three types knowledge for man. One is the knowledge of nature which has been made subservient to man, i.e., the physical sciences. The second crucial type is the knowledge of history (and geography): the Qur’ān persistently asks man to "travel on the earth" and see for himself what happened to bygone civilizations and why they rose and fell. The third is the knowledge of man himself.
Jose Bergamin|A belief which leaves no place for doubt is not a belief; it is a superstition. -Jose Bergamin, author (1895-1983)
Mehmet Murat ildan|Such is the state of things in England, and it is well that it should be realised by all of us; but it must not be supposed for a moment that I am afraid of it. I lament it deeply, because I foresee that it may be the ruin of many souls; but I have no fear at all that it really can do aught of serious harm to the Word of God, to Holy Church, to our Almighty King, the Lion of the tribe of Judah, Faithful and True, or to His Vicar on earth. Christianity has been too often in what seemed deadly peril, that we should fear for it any new trial now. So far is certain; on the other hand, what is uncertain, and in these great contests commonly is uncertain, and what is commonly a great surprise, when it is witnessed, is the particular mode by which, in the event, Providence rescues and saves His elect inheritance. Sometimes our enemy is turned into a friend; sometimes he is despoiled of that special virulence of evil which was so threatening; sometimes he falls to pieces of himself; sometimes he does just so much as is beneficial, and then is removed. Commonly the Church has nothing more to do than to go on in her own proper duties, in confidence and peace; to stand still and to see the salvation of God.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|You are never alone,your Angels always whisper to your heart.By silencing your mind,you can be filled with their Love.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|[T]he whole point is the wishing and remembering--not if what you want happens, not if remembering hurts. Because when you wish for something, you're askin. And when you ask, you're trying. And all anyone can do really is try, right?
|Happiness is what happens when you build the level of awareness and courage to continuously identify, challenge, and replace your negative thoughts and beliefs.
Brittainy C. Cherry, Our Totally, Ridiculous, Made-up Christmas Relationship|It's hard to believe someone who walks around commanding so much attention with his acute cockiness, hard muscles, and tattoos would ever let someone like me bring him to his knees-and make no mistake, I bring him to his knees. I bring him to his knees, hard.
Anthony Liccione|At best the family teaches the finest things human beings can learn from one another generosity and love. But it is also, all too often, where we learn nasty things like hate, rage and shame.
C. JoyBell C.|Good and bad are illusions. What exists is either the presence of empathy or the lack of it. I think this should become the new, clear definition of how we see people. No more "good" and no more "bad". Those terms are highly subjective.
Neale Donald Walsch|I'm calling my book series the 'with God series.' And this next 'with God' book is Friendship with God, which comes out in November. This books challenges us to bring about the end of 'better' on this planet.
Maya Angelou|Many of us have been unconsciously programmed to treat walking as a means to an end, especially while in the workplace. Naturally, a lack of mindfulness while walking leaves one hostage to self-perpetuating stress and anxiety. We rush (often while shouting into a mobile phone), completely missing the enjoyment of walking. Walking and breathing, if practised harmoniously, can be peaceful and thoroughly enjoyable. Even walking down a corridor or into an office or wherever we are working or being of service can be a harmonious action.
Fakeer Ishavardas|While I live my life expecting to live, others expect that they might die. The rules of the world are not the same for all of us.
Henry Louis Gates|My father belongs to the generation that fought the war in the 1940s. When I was a kid my father told me stories - not so many, but it meant a lot to me. I wanted to know what happened then, to my father's generation. It's a kind of inheritance, the memory of it.
Dane Cook|I think I was lucky to be a little older when I became famous. But still, the shock of the world starting to treat you in a weird way... I had come from the army, where we had to deal with life or death, and suddenly, people were asking whether you were cool or not. I have never cared about whether I'm cool.
Vishala Katta, A Window Seat|All students of man and society who possess that first requisite for so difficult a study, a due sense of its difficulties, are aware that the besetting danger is not so much of embracing falsehood for truth, as of mistaking part of the truth for the whole. It might be plausibly maintained that in almost every one of the leading controversies, past or present, in social philosophy, both sides were in the right in what they affirmed, though wrong in what they denied; and that if either could have been made to take the other’s views in addition to its own, little more would have been needed to make its doctrine correct.
Tony Dovale|The problem with the Mindset of a fair Democracy is that it purports to be a fair and trustworthy system, but history shows clearly how the voters' trust has been constantly abused.
David Sanborn|Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If something doesn’t work, try something different. Don’t go ball up, cry in a corner, and say, “Woe is me.” Kick yourself in the pants and force yourself to get on to the next alternative.
Mensah Oteh|To achieve your dreams you must be willing to take massive action over a long period, even when there is no evidence of progress.
Jennifer Loren|The sun rises bright and beautiful as if it feels no pain.It must not see, it must not hear, it can't possibly or it would not be able to overcome so defiantly.My bed creaks and whines when I leave it behind.I don't know why it tries so hard to hold onto me but yet I continue to try and overcome.I put on my shirt, my pants that fit me, find my socks and glue my heel back to my boot.My gloves are lost, my coat is torn but my scarf still keeps me warm and so I continue to try and overcome.Work has no pride, no place for me but I have no other place to be.My broken dreams continue to rise, my hopes continue to fade but still I try to overcome.A broken window and a gas tank on E, it's not Friday so I have to walk each day for at least another three.And so I walk while the world cries and pleas and tries to swallow me but still I continue and try to overcome.My lock on my door only turns halfway, but I don't have anything to steal anyway.My fridge is bare but my cabinet still holds three so I continue to try and overcome.The news haunts me, the weather threatens to rain down on me but another day has gone by.And I have overcome, I have overcome … I have overcome - the sun has nothing on me.
Hamid Saleh|We are all looking for perfection in our lives, but the truth is, there is no perfect. There’s just better and worse. And for what we are in this world, not being perfect is the perfect thing.
kaushik nathan|PERMALINK · 169465 · 15 HOURS AGO"She tried to feel sad, or guilty, or even to be angry about the way things had happened, but there frankly wasn’t much room in either her head or her heart for wishing or moping.
Ilya Ehrenburg|I was right when I said a very long time ago that our age would leave few living documents behind it: it was rare for anyone to keep a diary, letters were short and businesslike--"I'm alive and well"--and few memoirs were written. There are many reasons for this. Let me mention just one, not perhaps recognized by everybody: we were too often at loggerheads with our own past to give it proper thought. Within the half-century, our ideas on people and events have changed many times; conversations were broken off in mid-sentence; thoughts and feelings could not but be affected by circumstances.
Torquato Tasso|Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.
Alex Berenson|To finance deficits, the government must sell bonds to investors, competing for capital that could otherwise be used to invest in stocks or corporate bonds. Government borrowings raise long-term interest rates, stifling economic growth.
Rainer Maria Rilke|I have loved enough women to know how to paint.If I had loved fewer, I would be an illustrator; if I had loved more, I would be a poet.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Sharer and Other Great Stories|He rose and turned toward the lights of town. The tidepools bright as smelterpots among the dark rocks where the phosphorescent seacrabs clambered back. Passing through the salt grass he looked back. The horse had not moved. A ship's light winked in the swells. The colt stood against the horse with its head down and the horse was watching, out there past men's knowing, where the stars are drowning and whales ferry their vast souls through the black and seamless sea.
Gary Chapman, Growing Up Social: Raising Relational Kids in a Screen-Driven World|Being a father, having an heir, seem to add an extra dimension to David. He had always been of vivid, animating presence in any room he entered. But now he would come from visiting the boy crackling with even greater energy and force. He had been engaged listener, ready to learn what any man might have to offer in discussion, but now there was an additional depth to his questions, a more far-reaching vision behind his decisions. He thought now beyond the span of years, and into a future that glistened ahead into centuries. It's one thing, I suppose, to have a prophet tell you that you will found a dynasty. Now, it seemed, he allowed himself to truly believe it.
L'Poni Baldwin, Dragons and Cicadas: The Society On Da Run|Now, I pray you, cast yourself into a different world, a different trail of thought; step into a place where dragons live and breathe, where they are as real in touch and voice as you or I. Where they face the same extinction every day that they have suffered in our world: the extinction of myth . . . yet where they battle every moment to fend off such a fate for another day . . .
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|I fantasized how no matter what happened, no one could ever come between us, call it wishful thinking, I called it a fact.
Rick Yancey, The Seal of Solomon|I’m not going to hide away and leave my friends to the corelings!” she shouted. “We’ll find a way to ward the Holy House, and make our stand here. Together! And if demons should dare come and try to take my children, I have secrets of fire that will burn them from this wor
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|You're handsome and you have a nice accent, and a chest that would make a nun perspire.
K.M.Docherty, ManHandling|Because I had no awareness of who I was or what I needed, I found myself settling for a mediocre relationship rather than holding out for what was best.
Derren Brown, Tricks of the Mind|Moreover, knowledge and investigation help promote wonder they do not destroy it. Whatever our tastes, we can generally appreciate such things as music, art or wine better when we understand a bit about them. We read up on our favourite singers or artists because we feel we can appreciate their work better when we know how they think and what they bring to their work. The giddy delight and curiosity that comes from marvelling at the beauty of this universe is deepened, not cheapened, by the laws and facts science gives us to aid our understanding. In a similar way, the psychological tricks at work behind many seemingly paranormal events are truly more fascinating than the explanation of other-worldiness precisely because they are of this world, and say something about how rich and complex and mysterious we are as human beings to be convinced by such trickery, indeed to want to perpetuate it in the first place.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|If I close my eyes, plug my ears, and hold my tongue, all of this will cease to exist. I can pretend it never happened. No one will blame me if I choose to shove these memories into the back of my mind.
Sun Tzu|Nuclear deterrence will remain a vital aspect of security. or Nuclear deterrence will have a smaller role in future security.Sources are split in their assessment of the importance of nuclear weapons and the validity of traditional nuclear deterrence in the 2001 - 2015 period. On the one hand are those who see nuclear weapons as decreasingly effective tools in deterring war. On the other are those experts who concede that nuclear weapons may have a different role than at the height of the Cold War, but who argue that they remain the ultimate deterrent, with considerable effect on the actions of even rogue states.Many experts who state a moral opposition to nuclear weapons have translated this into forecasts of a globalized world in which nuclear deterrence no longer makes sense. With greater economic interdependence, this argument runs, even the so-called "rogue states" will be reconciled to the international order, renouncing or reducing their overt or covert nuclear arsenals.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|cosmopolitan theology that longs for the Kindom of God seeks to recover its revolutionary universalizing ethos in terms of hospitality, neighbor-love, and multiple solidarities that one can see in Jesus' teaching and ministry, without any imperialist, kyriarchcal, hierarchical implications
Haruki Murakami, Samsa in Love|Samsa certainly had no idea what lay ahead. He was in the dark about everything: the future, of course, but the present and the past as well . What was right, and what was wrong? Just learning how to dress was a riddle.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Question: when you picture Jesus ministering to others, how do you see Him? Certainly not with the stressed-out, hurry-up attitude we often have. Don’t you get an image of Him ministering in a quiet, tranquil peace? That’s a trait you need to develop too. As ambassadors of Christ we need to become more like our Master in dealing with others. Paul writes, ‘Live in peace, and [then] the God of love [Who is the Source of affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence toward men] and the Author and Promoter of peace will be with you.’ When you resort to force, argument, intimidation, anger, and coercion, you’re on your own. But when you demonstrate affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence towards people, God has promised to be with you
Rafael Nadal, Rafa|However great your dedication, you never win anything on your own
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life and death; there is no bridge between the two; they are stuck to each other! Death is only a step away from us, no more, only one step!
Claire Holt|My parents were great at making sure I got out of bed when I needed to play football on a Sunday morning and that I was ready after school to go to training on a Tuesday and Thursday. But it was never forced upon me or rammed down my throat. If it had been, I could have ended up hating sport.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|By attuning your breathing, you can become one with the natural rhythm of life that flows through you all the time.
Leonardo da Vinci|Most Muslim women know it is fear and curiosity that cause people to stare. They know it is ignorance and stereotypes that cause people to suppose that a piece of material covering the hair strips a woman of the ability to speak English, pursue a career, work a remote control.
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|I had been too tired and too sick with melancholy to ride my bike, knowing full well that riding my bike was a cure.
Bill Bryson, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way|That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood. Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred. Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some, but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age. Homes have been lost; jobs shed; businesses shuttered. Our health care is too costly; our schools fail too many; and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|If it tries to take you," Wren said, "I wont' let go.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|Religion imprisons God. By its own accord, if we are made in the image and likeness of God, then His condemnation of the sinner is an act of hypocrisy. I believe God to be greater than that.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Every morning when I wake up, I wish the day will be productive. It should be filled with good things like writing something worth the thought, helping people, or even carrying out simple deeds like flashing a friendly smile to everyone. Well, why bother doing all these? It's because I keep telling myself to never underestimate the power of virtue, no matter how small it seems, it can make a difference.
Lav bamaniya|•Spirit is like hell of difficulties, problems, etc .. But only we humans create our life easy heaven by spreading love all over.
Hayley Williams|It’s okay to not be perfect and not to have everything figured out. It’s okay to feel things that are shameful, hate, and feel guilty. I feel like the message we’ve tried to stand by, is that it’s basically okay to have scars and to show them. To show that you’ve been through all sorts of things and have come out a different and better person because of it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|There is so little to remember of anyone - an anecdote, a conversation at a table. But every memory is turned over and over again, every word, however chance, written in the heart in the hope that memory will fulfill itself, and become flesh, and that the wanderers will find a way home, and the perished, whose lack we always feel, will step through the door finally and stroke our hair with dreaming habitual fondness not having meant to keep us waiting long.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|If you want to know the value of a month, ask a pregnant woman, if a month matters in her pregnancy.
Sarah Kane, Crave|We made love, and then she threw up.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Just be the strong woman you are, like me. If the guys can't handle us, it's their problem.
Adongelo4567|The Nolimitly.com, is a blog where you can find many information about products on the health, beauty, losing weight and fitness, which will help you improve your body but also your appearance.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|And it may be that a crowd at a particular moment of history creates the object to justify its gathering, as it did at the first Human Be-In and Monterey Pop and Woodstock. Or it may be that two generations of war and surveillance had left people craving the embodiment of their own unease in the form of a lone, unsteady man on a slide guitar.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|She survived it. She was able to survive it, because she did not believe in suffering. She faced with astonished indignation the ugly fact of feeling pain, and refused to let it matter. Suffering was a senseless accident, it was not part of life as she saw it.
Rabindranath Tagore, Sadhana|Man's poverty is abysmal, his wants are endless till he becomes truly conscious of his soul. Till then, the world to him is in a state of flux - a phantasm that is and is not.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Like most good looking women, she was never sure of her beauty, and had to keep checking on it, to make sure it was still there.
- Safaya Carbon|When life hands you lemons, get yourself some limes because life can't be trusted.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Choices and decisions must be supported by your passion, resolve and a productive work ethic. If these meet opportunity - your success has finally come!
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|If it's not good enough for adults, it's not good enough for children. If a book that is going to be marketed for children does not interest me, a grownup, then I am dishonoring the children for whom the book is intended, and I am dishonoring books. And words.
Dominique Eastwick, Hunting JC|When you look at me, tease my desire with a mere gaze, it shreds the edges of my soul… ~ Ripp Collins
Sasha Sokolov, A School for Fools|...what will happen to us this night will resemble a flame consuming the icy desert, a shower of stars reflected in a piece of a mirror that in the darkness suddenly fell out of its frame to warn its owner about the proximity of death. It'll resemble the shepherd's pipe and the music that has not been written yet.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Everyone wants the fairy tale, but don’t forget there are dragons in those stories.
Jacques Rancière, The Ignorant Schoolmaster: Five Lessons in Intellectual Emancipation|You went to school," Lee said. "I mean, at some point. And it didn't suit you very well. They wanted to teach you things you didn't care about. Dates and math and trivia about dead presidents. They didn't teach persuasion. Your ability to persuade is the single most important determinant of your quality of life, and they didn't cover that at all. Well, we do. And we're looking for students with natural aptitude.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the nature of the worldly life (sansar)? God lives in every living being of the world, that means if you oppress any living being or cause misery to them, then adharma (unrighteousness, irreligion) will occur. The result (effect) of adharma will be against your desires and the result of dharma (righteousness, religion) will be favorable to your desires.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|Our minds, unedited by guilt or shame, are not for public consumption, because they would either be hurtful or else just make us look like the selfish and unkind bastards we are. We don't share thoughts, we share carefully sanitized, watered-down versions of them.
Jane Yolen|Exercise the writing muscle every day, even if it is only a letter, notes, a title list, a character sketch, a journal entry. Writers are like dancers, like athletes. Without that exercise, the muscles seize up.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|Urbanism is the most advanced, concrete fulfillment of a nightmare. Littre defines nightmare as 'a state that ends when one awakens with a start after extreme anxiety.' But a start against whom? Who has stuffed us to the point of somnolence?
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|That’s rich, coming from you, Hellcat, I would’ve thought it was impossible for a Vampire to get grey hairs until I met you! (Alexander)
Neesha Meminger, Shine, Coconut Moon|But the coconut is also a symbol of resilience, Samar. Even in the conditions where there's very little nourishment and even less nurturance, it flourishes, growing taller than most of the plants around it.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Understand that it's definitely okay to cry. It's definitely okay not to be strong. It's definitely okay to not know the answers to all of your questions. But it's most definitely okay to feel emotions that you've never felt before. After all, we're not invincible, just human. And since we're human, we should have feelings unlike a robot. So if you ever wanna cry, then go cry a river, and then build a bridge. If you ever want to feel weak, go ahead, but then pick yourself up again.
Laila Ali|We were united not only by political respect for each other, but also by deep mutual sympathy as people.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|The Jewish day begins in the calm of evening, when it won't shock the system with its arrival.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|I couldn’t trust my own mind anymore, which wasthe scariest thing I’ve ever experienced.
William Faulkner|At one time I thought the most important thing was talent. I think now that — the young man or the young woman must possess or teach himself, train himself, in infinite patience, which is to try and to try and to try until it comes right. He must train himself in ruthless intolerance. That is, to throw away anything that is false no matter how much he might love that page or that paragraph. The most important thing is insight, that is ... curiosity to wonder, to mull, and to muse why it is that man does what he does. And if you have that, then I don't think the talent makes much difference, whether you've got that o
Philip Schultz|I think my parents were happy that I'd gone to university and gotten a degree in history so they thought, 'Well if acting doesn't work for him, he can always become a history teacher or something.' Fortunately, the acting worked out.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|We've all got the power to kill in our hands, but most of us are afraid to use it. Those who aren't, control life itself.
Carl Jung|The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin.
Tom Brokaw|Maintaining the thinnest facade of a functioning family that tries to act as others do - plan ahead, drive somewhere, go on holiday, relax - is beyond us. We are smashed. Insecurity jams the gears on every action. Each time we are toppled. I feel a fool over and over again for trying.
Hertha Ayrton|Personally I do not agree with sex being brought into science at all. The idea of 'women and science' is entirely irrelevant. Either a woman is a good scientist, or she is not; in any case she should be given opportunities, and her work should be studied from the scientific, not the sex, point of view
Mehmet Murat ildan|What do we feel when we look at a good photograph? We just want to be there, right at the exact moment that photo taken!
Nikki Rowe|Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|A farmer friend of mine told me recently about a busload of middle school children who came to his farm for a tour. The first two boys off the bus asked, "Where is the salsa tree?" They thought they could go pick salsa, like apples and peaches. Oh my. What do they put on SAT tests to measure this? Does anybody care? How little can a person know about food and still make educated decisions about it? Is this knowledge going to change before they enter the voting booth? Now that's a scary thought.
Stefan Molyneux|We can't leave the past in the past because, the past is who we are. It's like saying I wish I could forget English. So, there is no leaving the past in the past. It doesn't mean the past has to define and dominate everything in the future. The fact that I had a temper in my teens doesn't mean I have to be an angry person for the rest of my life. It just means that I had allot to be angry about but, didn't have the language and the understanding to know what it was and how big it was. I thought my anger was disproportionate to the environment which is what is called having a bad temper but, it just means that I underestimated the environment and my anger was telling me how wide and deep child abuse is in society but, I didn't understand that consciously so I thought my anger was disproportionate to the environment but, it wasn't. There is almost no amount of anger that's proportionate to the degree of child abuse in the world. The fantasy that you can not be somebody that lived through what you lived through is damaging to yourself and to your capacity to relate to others. People who care about you, people who are going to grow to love you need to know who you are and that you were shaped by what you've experienced for better and for worse. There is a great deal of challenge in talking about these issues. Lots of people in this world have been hurt as children. Most people have been hurt in this world as children and when you talk honestly and openly it's very difficult for people. This is why it continues and continues.If you can get to the truth of what happened if you can understand why people made the decisions they've made even if you dont agree with the reason for those decisions knowing the reasons for those decisions is enormously important in my opinion. The more we know the truth of history the more confidently we can face the future without self blame.
Edna O'Brien|Don't destroy yourself by allowing negative people add gibberish and debris to your character, reputation, and aspirations. Keep all dreams alive but discreet, so that those with unhealthy tongues won't have any other option than to infest themselves with their own diseases.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season|She understands now what she, in all her worry, had forgotten. That even as she hesitates and wavers, even as she thinks too much and moves too cautiously, she doesn't always have to get it right. It's okay to look back, even as you move forward.
James Surowiecki|I still work hard to know my business. I'm continuously looking for ways to improve all my companies, and I'm always selling. Always.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|Confronted by too much emptiness, said Adam One, the brain invents. Loneliness creates company as thirst creates water. How many sailors have been wrecked in pursuit of islands that were merely a shimmering?
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|I want to hear you cry out in pleasure again."	"All you have to do is touch me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A bride never forgets her wedding ornaments, why should we forsake our heavenly Father, the bridegroom?
Tony Dovale|To go from Bitter to BETTER, means you need to turn your I onto an E, by embracing WE.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Fiction isn't bad. It is vital. Without commonly accepted stories about things like money, states or corporations, no complex human society can function. We can't play football unless everyone believes in the same made-up rules, and we can't enjoy the benefits of markets and courts without similar make-believe stories. But the stories are just tools. They should not become our goals or yardsticks. When we forget that they are mere fiction, we lose touch with reality.
Raymond E. Feist, Talon of the Silver Hawk|why do I want to appear to be drinking more than I am?''Make it a habit. Men in their cups are fools, more often than not. And it can be wise to look the fool at times.
Melissa de la Cruz, Gates of Paradise|We aren't the good guys, Anita. We're the necessary guys. -Edward
David Wong|My pain is constant and sharp, and I do not hope for a better world for anyone.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, The Great Escape|Life is full of signs. The trick is to know how to read them. Ghosh called this heuristics, a method for solving a problem for which no formula exists.
David Nicholls, One Day|For his thirtieth birthday he had filled a whole night-club off Regent Street; people had been queuing on the pavement to get in. The SIM card of his mobile phone in his pocket was overflowing with telephone numbers of all the hundreds of people he had met in the last ten years, and yet the only person he had ever wanted to talk to in all that time was standing now in the very next room.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|William is the most skilled protector that I have ever seen. He is the best." Determination began to swell inside of me. "Then I will have to be better." Margo Westly
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|A girl calls and asks, "Does it hurt very much to die?""Well, sweetheart," I tell her, "yes, but it hurts a lot more to keep living.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|As the community stays with the uncomfortable tension of contradiction, individuals begin to perceive the truth of “the other” as their own experience, and the polarities of conflicting positions often dissolve into an unexpected emergence of a deeper underlying unity: a profound recognition that, ultimately, there is no “other”. We are all one.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Tomorrows|Half asleep and half awake, I became lost in a deep span of my version of a perfect world. A place I wanted so desperately to reach, but would never find except from within the catacombs of my mind.A place where the sun rose in the west and set in the east, where the mountains bowed to the wind like trees, and the rain sprinkled up from the ground below and onto the clouds above. A place where no one hurt or lost, or felt any tinge of desperation. A place where heartbeats were the only words needed, and music floated on the wind like dust.A place where no place was home. Where a single person could be the only sustenance needed to survive. A place where there were no yesterdays or todays, only tomorrows. A place for me to find solace, an escape from the real world I was forced to live in.
Danielle Monsch, The Cage King|He rid himself of his own pants, and unlike her, he was naked, his cock hard. He didn't shield himself, let himself be studied as she wished, but his eyes lost the mirth from before as he waited for her next move.Strange. When she approached him, she expected to have a moment's hesitation sometime during their play, a voice that would tell her this wasn't a good idea. Right now was a perfect time for that voice to show up, but her body only thrummed. She leaned up on her elbows, giving him an exaggerated once-over. "That thing looks more dangerous than what you show in the cage."And with that, the mirth was back, and all hardness in him was due to desire. "Wait until you see it in action.""Well, for that, I think you need to come closer.
Jessica Sorensen, The Secret of Ella and Micha|It's what's buried deep inside that frightens me because it's broken, like a shattered mirror.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The spirit is one of the most neglected parts of man by doctors and scientists around the world. Yet, it is as vital to our health as the heart and mind. It's time for science to examine the many facets of the soul. The condition of our soul is usually the source of many sicknesses.
John W. Gardner|DEAR MISS MANNERS:I a tired of being treated like a child. My father says it's because I am a child--I am twelve-and-a-half years old--but it still isn't fair. If I go into a store to buy something, nobody pays any attention to me, or if they do, it's to say, "Leave that alone," "Don't touch that," although I haven't done anything. My money is as good as anybody's, but because I am younger, they feel they can be mean to me. It happens to me at home, too. My mother's friend who comes over after dinner sometimes, who doesn't have any children of her own and doesn't know what's what, likes to say to me, "Shouldn't you be in bed by now,dear?" when she doesn't even know what my bedtime is supposed to be. Is there any way I can make these people stop?GENTLE READER:Growing up is the best revenge.
Andrew Solomon|Just to be a part of something that can travel beyond and reach the lives of people and help them through a daily problem or struggle or even just giving encouraging words, period. I feel like it's very powerful. I thank God for my gift.
Zach Merrick|I don’t talk much because talking without thought is not talking at all,
Matthew Quick, Every Exquisite Thing|I think there’s something wrong with my lungs. Maybe I have an allergy or hay fever. I think it might even be a fracture they forgot to fix. I worry about it a lot. I can picture the broken rib impaling my lungs, my heart.
Elizabeth Scott, Living Dead Girl|I am the living dead girl because I am too weak to die. I hate those crying dough women on TV because they are just like me, weak and broken and clinging to the hands that hold us under.
Edmund Barton|My education was paid for by the RAF Benevolent Fund, so a charity school, run like an orphanage, with uniforms and beatings. It was tough, but it got me to Cambridge - like being a chrysalis suddenly becoming a butterfly.
Friedrich Nietzsche|One cannot have any respect or regard for men who take the position of the reformer and then refuse to see the logical consequences of that position, let alone following them out in action.
Roland Barthes|If there can be a better way for the real world to include the one of images, it will require an ecology not only of real things but of images as well.
David Attenborough|A franchise is dictated on the success of doing one film right, so if you can get it done correctly, you've got a chance of something else, but sometimes it just doesn't work that way. Ideally, it's insurance for the future; if you can do something, if you can find a character that people really do like, then you're very lucky.
John Updike|If we could make our house a home, and then make it a sanctuary, I think we could truly find paradise on Earth.
Linda Harvey, Maybe He's Not Gay: Another View on Homosexuality|Sex and "sexual orientation" are being shoved at kids everywhere. It was not this way in past decades, and I believe this is another cause of more stress in kids.
Tupac Shakur, The Rose That Grew from Concrete|Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete? Proving nature's laws wrong, it learned to walk without having feet. Funny, it seems to by keeping it's dreams; it learned to breathe fresh air. Long live the rose that grew from concrete when no one else even cared.
Marie Lu, Legend|Sometimes, the sun sets earlier. Days don’t last forever, you know. But I’ll fight as hard as I can. I can promise you that.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|Something else emerges from this discussion about us as human individuals: we're not fixed, stable intellects riding along peering at the world through the lenses of our eyes like the pilots of people-shaped spacecraft. We are affected constantly by what's going on around us. Whether our flexibility is based in neuroplasticity or in less dramatic aspects of the brain, we have to start acknowledging that we are mutable, persuadable and vulnerable to clever distortions, and that very often what we want to be is a matter of constant effort rather than attaining a given state and then forgetting about it. Being human isn't like hanging your hat on a hook and leaving it there, it's like walking in a high wind: you have to keep paying attention. You have to be engaged with the world.
Charles de Lint, The Blue Girl|Don't forget - no one else sees the world the way you do, so no one else can tell the stories that you have to tell.
Susan Howatch|The organist was almost at the end of the anthem’s long introduction, and as the crescendo increases the cathedral began to glitter before my eyes until I felt as if every stone in the building was vibrating in anticipation of the sweeping sword of sound from the Choir.The note exploded in our midst, and at that moment I knew our creator had touched not only me but all of us, just as Harriet had touched that sculpture with a loving hand long ago, and in that touch I sensed the indestructible fidelity, the indescribable devotion and the inexhaustible energy of the creator as he shaped his creation, bringing life out of dead matter, wresting form continually from chaos. Nothing was ever lost, Harriet had said, and nothing was ever wasted because always, when the work was finally completed, every article of the created process, seen or unseen, kept or discarded, broken or mended – EVERYTHING was justified, glorified and redeemed.
Markham Shaw Pyle|I admit at the beginning that 'popular religion,' 'demotic religion,' the pieties of the common folk, tends to sink to the lowest common denominator, be it in syncretizing saints with old, half-forgotten pagan godlings, or in preferring the nasal whine and the revivalist shoutin' to solid sense and learning, regarding intellect as positively inimical to the workings of the Holy Ghost. But it is in American religious life, especially Protestant American religious life, that things bottom out completely.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|Pivoting is not the end of the disruption process, but the beginning of the next leg of your journey.
Craig Sager|I'm a kid from the small Illinois town of Batavia, who grew up on the Chicago Cubs and made sports his life's work, although there's never been a day where it actually seemed like work.
Kahlil Gibran|Who am I to claim such boundless sorrow? This heartache, acute and true as it may be, is slight compared to all of this world. Five miscarriages, two stillborn, three live births, and Mrs. Connor is one of our fortunate. She is not disemboweled in the snow. Her hands have committed no atrocities. She believes in God. It is remarkable how we go on. All that we come to know and witness and endure, yet our hearts keep beating, our faith persists.
Stephanie Lahart|Every woman needs these three things: Self-Esteem, Self-Love, and Self-Confidence. A female that possess all three is an empowered and unstoppable Queen. She knows her worth! Everything about her represents quality. Her happiness comes from within, first. She respects herself. She values who she is. She’s not easily impressed or persuaded by people or things. She has purpose and direction! An admirable being is what she is: Extraordinary and highly desirable. She’s an Unparalleled Woman.
Terry Tempest Williams, Finding Beauty in a Broken World|What other species now require of us is our attention. Otherwise, we are entering a narrative of disappearing intelligences.
Robert Fogel|Science has become something that everybody knows he has to pay attention to, but not everybody is a believer. So I don't think we should equate science with religion. But, that science is progressively playing a more and more important part in the life of every individual is obvious.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|The best is when we all go at once, like an army of interrelated popcorn zombies who laugh the same laughs and gasp the same gasps and aren’t so germ-phobic with each other that we won’t share a ginormous Coke with one straw. Family is useful like that.
Brandon Mull, A World Without Heroes|We must know something about malevolence, about how to recognize it, and about how not to make excuses for it. We must know that we cannot expect fair play.That is, perhaps, most crucial of all. Those of us who practice in this field must face the implications of the fact that we are dealing with sexual abuse. Child sex offenders-people who exploit children’s bodies and betray their trust-are not going to hesitate to lie outright. This is obvious but nonetheless frequently seems to catch people by surprise.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Submit your brand to the general public. Your brand may be well made, but it has to be well known.
Brenna Ehrlich, Placid Girl|It was like a mask had been pulled away from his face, uncovering a monster hidden beneath his friendly façade.
Shannon L. Alder|Temptation goes both ways. Sometimes, you can be tempted to live a half life because it pleases someone else. Don't ever live in such a way that your heart splits into two souls. You might find yourself sinning for the rest of your life because you don't want to really be in that situation, but you don't want to hurt the kids. That is a hell that your children will pick up on soon enough. Staying for the kids is possible, but it takes two people to agree that choice is their lifestyle, not one. Otherwise, you hold another person captive because of your fear of stating the obvious-- you are not in love with them.
John Paul Warren|I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.
Julia Barkey|Agent Smith, a lady is never late, everyone is simply early.” I said back, paraphrasing something I saw on a 20/20 special. “Well, a lady isn’t exactly what they are expecting.
J.M. Richards Tall Dark Streak of Lightning|She fell silent, remembering the jolt of envy and longing she’d felt when she’d framed the Browns in her viewfinder. Now, weeks and miles later, it was another jolt for Bryan to realize she hadn’t brushed off the peculiar feeling. She has managed to put it aside, somewhere to the back of her mind, but it popped out again now as she thought of the couple in the bleachers of a small-town park.Family, cohesion. Bonding. Did some people just keep promises better than others? she wondered. Or where some people simply unable to blend their lives with someone’s else, make those adjustments, the compromises?When she looked back, she believed both she and Rob had tried, but in their own ways. There’d been no meeting of the minds, but two separate thought patterns making decisions that never melded with each other. Did that mean that a successful marriage depended on the mating of two people who thought along the same lines?With a sigh, she turned onto the highway that would lead them into Tennessee. If it was true, she decided, she was much better off single. Though she’d met a great many people she liked and could have fun with, she’d never met anyone who thought the way she did. Especially the man seated next to her with his nose already buried in the newspaper. There alone they were radically different.”For more quotes visit my blog: frommybooks.wordpress.com
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|There are those times when you need to push negative people aside, give fear a swift kick in the ass and fire up your dreams.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Oh, merciless freedom, you continue to overwhelm me! You demand that I challenge myself and feel ashamed, and yet continue to feel so outrageously proud to live a life full of my desires.
P.D. James|A knife wound heals, but a tongue wound festers.
Anaïs Nin|So I'm over there in England, you know, trying to get news about the [L.A.] riots... and all these Brit people are trying to sympathize with me... 'Oh Bill, crime is horrible. Bill, if it's any consolation crime is horrible here, too.' ...Shutup. This is Hobbitown and I am Bilbo Hicks, Okay? This is a land of fairies and elves. You do not have crime like we have crime, but I appreciate you trying to be, you know, Diplomatic. You gotta see English crime. It's hilarious, you don't know if you're reading the front page or the comic section over there. I swear to God. I read an article - front page of the paper - one day, in England: 'Yesterday, some Hooligans knocked over a dustbin in Shafsbry.' Wooooo... 'The hooligans are loose! The hooligans are loose! What if they become roughians? I would hate to be a dustbin in Shafsbry tonight.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|However...," Satan said.Bick sighed. "However, I didn't count on the growing interference of lawyers, regulators, bureaucrats and politicians into my business. I swear it seems that every year they stick their noses into more and more."Lucifer chuckled. "Sorry about that-I outdid myself there.
Jerry N. Uelsmann|He turned to her - his gesture a superb compound of relief, remorse, passionate candour and bewilderment touched with curiosity; confidence and perfect penitence. Against which Scylla had to brace herself. Against such bravura how dull truth seemed, and difficult to access. Never had the bottom of a well seemed less attractive. She must hear him first. She could go down later.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Badness is of the self, the one, the you or me on our oddy knockies, and that self is made by old Bog or God and is his great pride and radosty. But the not-self cannot have the bad, meaning they of the government and the judges and the schools cannot allow the bad because they cannot allow the self.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I bet the very first piñata was surprised. “Oh, hey a party! Cool! What’s the occa— HEY, WHAT THE HELL, KID?
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Through an arrow loop in the wall she saw a familiar horse and rider tearing across the camp toward the healing rooms. Brigan pulled up at Nash's feet and dropped from the saddle. The two brothers threw their arms around each other and embraced hard.Shortly thereafter he stepped into the healing rooms and leaned in the doorway, looking across at her quietly. Brocker's son with the gentle gray eyes.She abandoned all pretense of decorum and ran at him.
Josh Silver|I'm not sure why there's this anger in the youth, but we need to talk about it. Kids need to get help if they need help, and bullies need to be helped as well.
Philip Yancey|We want books that are written for those of us who doubt everything, who cry over the least little thing, who are startled by the slightest noise.
Jimmy Chin|Even without seeing the crickets, grasshoppers, cicadas and katydids, we hear them shrilling in this season and trust that they're the tiny living gargoyles entomologists claim.
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|The process of reconciliation implies that people who want to engage in interfaith cooperation should be prepared to reflect critically on their own religious tradition. They should also contemplate what place their own religious tradition assigns to people of other faith traditions. (by Cilliers, Ch. 3, p. 52)
Soban Arif|I am a practical person. Always believed in multi purpose tools, good education and limited conversations .... and then I saw her!
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|A good judge is not one who is impartial, but one who has prejudice for good.
Philippe Ariès, Western Attitudes toward Death: From the Middle Ages to the Present|You never know when you're going to die, but maybe something in you does, some cellular consciousness that's aware of the cosmic countdown and starts making plans.
Sherman Alexie|To me, the job of the artist is to provide a useful and intelligent vocabulary for the world to be able to articulate feelings they experience everyday, and otherwise wouldn't have the means to express in a meaningful and useful way.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|I'm super sorry I slept so long. You should've nudged me or something."Several somethings came to mind.
Drake|We live in a generation of not being in love, and not being together. But we sure make it feel like we're together, because we're scared of seeing each other with somebody else.
Anatoly Chubais|I wish the government and the Minister of Justice would address these legal and constitutional arguments, but they refuse to. They want Canadians to go blindly into their brave new world, but it is not wise for a society to move blindly in any direction.
Julia Serano, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|At some point during my research, I came across the term "gender fluid." Reading those words was a revelation. It was like someone tore a layer of gauze off the mirror, and I could see myself clearly for the first time. There was a name for what I was. It was a thing. Gender fluid. Sitting there in front of my computer--like I am right now--I knew I would never be the same. I could never go back to seeing it the old way; I could never go back to not knowing what I was.But did that glorious moment of revelation really change anything? I don't know. Sometimes, I don't think so. I may have a name for what I am now--but I'm just as confused and out of place as I was before. And if today is any indication, I'm still playing out that scene in the toy store--trying to pick the thing that will cause the least amount of drama. And not having much success.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|You have no idea what I'm thinking," he said. "No idea what I'm feeling --- about you." He walked to her, reached out and touched her cheek. "But we both need to find out.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Redemption|For you, my love, I would endeavor to pluck the stars from the sky, only to shower them at your feet.”“How do you do that?’“Do what?”“Say things like that. That’s beautiful.”“I’ve spent years studying poetry, Mrs. Emerson. It’s in my DNA.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|It's sort of my go-to stock image of my childhood, actually. I think it has something to do with knowing I'll never be able to go back to that time that makes me cry every time I listen to it.
Salvador Dalí|Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy —the joy of being Salvador Dalí— and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today?
Stephanie Barron, Jane and the Unpleasantness at Scargrave Manor|...the long blue shadows of afternoon advanced before me like cheerful ghosts of last summer's growth, dancing past the withered flower borders and the stiff hedges to fall at the feet of a stone nymph, her cascade of water frozen in her urn.
Amy Carmichael|Let us admit, without bitterness, that the individual has his distinct interests and can, without felony, stipulate for those interests and defend them. The present has its pardonable amount of egotism; momentary life has its claims, and cannot be expected to sacrifice itself incessantly to the future. The generation which is in its turn passing over the earth is not forced to abridge its life for the sake of the generations, its equals after all, whose turn shall come later on.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|What crannies of untouched perception can you explore? What autumn was it that moon entered your life? When was it that you picked blueberries at their quintessential moment? How long did you wait for your first true bike? Who were your angels? What are you thinking of? Not thinking of? Writing can give you confidence, can train you to wake up.
Robert B. Laughlin|I've got a collection of songs that I've had, I keep adding to and they're all great American composers. I wanted to showcase American composers and I've done that on a lot of my records and played things by American composers that I really respect.
Lawrence Eagleburger|The rare person is still interested in new advances when they are adults. There is possibly a correlation with intelligence. In any case, you have to be fairly bright to keep learning and changing attitudes as you get older.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|A true pilgrimage requires letting go of the very things most people try to hold onto. In seeking after what the soul desires, we become pilgrims with no home but the path the soul would have us follow.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|In catalepsy and a dead trance, I studiously held the quick of my nature.
H.H. Laura, Larkspur|Okay, what in Hades just happened? Stones don’t glow blue or any other color and they certainly don’t burn circles on you.”The stone wasn’t talking.Alexandra considered herself well grounded, yet here she stood, talking to a stone that glowed, burned circles, and refused to answer.A thread of sensation pricked at the edges of her mind, then grew stronger. It mirrored an idea then became c
Gerard Way|‎Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put on some sunglasses, cuz we were born this way bitch!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Grace strikes us when we are in great pain and restlessness. It strikes us when we walk through the dark valley of a meaningless and empty life. It strikes us when our disgust for our own being, our indifference, our weakness, our hostility, and our lack of direction and composure have become intolerable to us. It strikes us when, year after year, the longed-for perfection of life does not appear, when the old compulsions reign within us as they have for decades, when despair destroys all joy and courage. Sometimes at that moment a wave of light breaks into our darkness, and it is as though a voice were saying: “You are accepted.
Dan Pfeiffer|The fact that political ideologies are tangible realities is not a proof of their vitally necessary character. The bubonic plague was an extraordinarily powerful social reality, but no one would have regarded it as vitally necessary.
Jody Hedlund, With You Always|No matter who you are, your life is an unwritten story.
Julia Butterfly Hill|Let us rise in the moral power of womanhood; and give utterance to the voice of outraged mercy, and insulted justice, and eternal truth, and mighty love and holy freedom.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Once you have produced your best self, then you will be able to produce new seeds and fruits after your kind.
Paul Walker|I was such a big 'Dirty Dozen,' 'Where Eagles Dare,' 'A Bridge Too Far' - all those kinds of movies I loved.
Sophocles, The Oedipus Cycle: Oedipus Rex/Oedipus at Colonus/Antigone|It is not in words that I should wish my life to be distinguished, but rather in things done.
Sebastien de Castell, Traitor's Blade|..determination is the most important quality in a founder, open-mindedness and willingness to change your idea are key, and all startups face rejection at first.
Chris Crutcher|Psychologists, for reasons of clinical necessity or vagaries of temperament, have chosen to dissect and catalog the morbid emotions - depression, anger, anxiety - and to leave largely unexamined the more vital, positive ones.
Mark    Wallace, The Quarry And The Lot|Think about the answers of the questions that have not yet been asked! When they are asked, you will have the answers ready!
Mari Serebrov|What I envy is not their skin but their insouciance. I envy the freedom to sin with only a little bit of consequence, to commit one selfish act and not have it mean the downfall of my entire people. Where indecency and mischief do not mean annihilation.
Mira Grant, Feed|Nothing says "deeply in mourning" like canapés and free beer.
Charlotte Brontë|I knew you would do me good in some way, at some time--I saw it in your eyes when I first beheld you.
Tina Fey|Chamberlain raised his saber, let loose the shout that was the greatest sound he could make, boiling the yell up from his chest: Fix bayonets! Charge! Fix bayonets! Charge! Fix bayonets! Charge! He leaped down from the boulder, still screaming, his voice beginning to to crack and give, and all around him his men were roaring animal screams, and he saw the whole Regiment rising and pouring over the wall and beginning to bound down through the dark bushes, over the dead and dying wounded, hats coming off, hair flying, mouths making sounds, one man firing as he ran, the last bullet, last round.
F. Sionil José, The God Stealer and Other Stories|Lord John: 'The court has suffered most sorely for your absence. We hardly know where to find our amusement now.' Lady Nora: 'I am sorry to hear that, I suppose it takes some wit to produce one's own entertainment. Are you often bored?
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|I've lived all these years among those who create nothing and change nothing,' I said. 'Actors and musicians-they're saints to me.
Thomas Mann, Joseph and His Brothers|At thirty a man steps out of the darkness and wasteland of preparation into active life it is the time to show oneself, the time of fulfillment.
Nora Roberts, Dance Upon the Air|That was the dirty secret associated with her past. Not that she'd been abused but that somehow she felt that she deserved it because she'd let it happen. Even now, it shamed her, and there were times when she felt hideously ugly, as though the scars that had been left behind were visible to everyone.
Marty Rubin|I lay on my side with my head on the pillows and looked out of the window; the blue of the sky was so clear it almost hurt. I felt it come again. I didn't cry much, just a few tears rolling down, wetting my eyes. I wondered about the cause. My thoughts lay embedded in sinews and skin, beyond my reach. Those of you who believe yourselves to be clean, without sin, without guilt, may cast the first stone. I saw myself under a heap of stones.
Nadia Scrieva, Tides of Tranquility|Love does not have gender. Love is not exclusive! Our hearts have the capacity to love so many people. The only tragedy is when fear, cultural barriers, ridiculous misunderstandings, or arbitrary numbers prevent us from experiencing the joy we could have.
Christopher Hitchens|For a lot of people, their first love is what they'll always remember. For me it's always been the first hate, and I think that hatred, though it provides often rather junky energy, is a terrific way of getting you out of bed in the morning and keeping you going. If you don't let it get out of hand, it can be canalized into writing. In this country where people love to be nonjudgmental when they can be, which translates as, on the whole, lenient, there are an awful lot of bubble reputations floating around that one wouldn't be doing one's job if one didn't itch to prick.
David Harewood|Trust me, I would love to have a wife and kids. I would very much enjoy that. But I also know that you have to be in the right place to do that.
Albert J. Bernstein, Emotional Vampires: Dealing with People Who Drain You Dry|Was it cruel if someone asked for it? Begged for it, even? She always begged. Even now, I could hear her whimpering for me. Christ, those noises she made. A one-way ticket to heaven.
Suraj Dahal|A primary reason that people believe that life is getting worse is because our information about the problems of the world has steadily improved. If there is a battle today somewhere on the planet, we experience it almost as if we were there. DuringWorld War II, tens of thousands of people might perish in a battle, and if the public could see it at all it was in a grainy newsreel in a movie theater weeks later. During World War I a small elite could read about the progress of the conflict in the newspaper(without pictures). During the nineteenth century there was almost no access to news in a timely fashion for anyone.
Debasish Mridha|I have no desire to fight with anyone, anyway. I have a desire to forgive everyone, every way.
Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude|Because when I read, I don't really read; I pop a beautiful sentence into my mouth and suck it like a fruit drop, or I sip it like a liqueur until the thought dissolves in me like alcohol, infusing brain and heart and coursing on through the veins to the root of each blood vessel.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Freedom from Fear|Within a system which denies the existence of basic human rights, fear tends to be the order of the day. Fear of imprisonment, fear of torture, fear of death, fear of losing friends, family, property or means of livelihood, fear of poverty, fear of isolation, fear of failure. A most insidious form of fear is that which masquerades as common sense or even wisdom, condemning as foolish, reckless, insignificant or futile the small, daily acts of courage which help to preserve man's self-respect and inherent human dignity. It is not easy for a people conditioned by fear under the iron rule of the principle that might is right to free themselves from the enervating miasma of fear. Yet even under the most crushing state machinery courage rises up again and again, for fear is not the natural state of civilized man.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Things weren’t always as good as they are now. In school we learned that in the old days, the dark days, people didn’t realize how deadly a disease love was.For a long time they even viewed it as a good thing, something to be celebrated and pursued. Of course that’s one of the reasons it’s so dangerous: It affects your mind so that you cannot think clearly, or make rational decisions about your own well-being. (That’s symptom number twelve, listed in the amor deliria nervosa section of the twelfth edition of The Safety, Health, and Happiness Handbook, or The Book of Shhh, as we call it.) Instead people back then named other diseases—stress, heart disease, anxiety, depression, hypertension, insomnia, bipolar disorder—never realizing that these were, in fact, only symptoms that in the majority of cases could be traced back to the effects of amor deliria nervosa.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? I mean, I've always felt like the Katherines dump me right when they start to see what I look like from the inside.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Maybe – let’s not rule it out – this will be the song that cuts clean, the one that matters, the one that sheds standard-issue romance and reveals, under its old skin, a raw blood-red devotion deeper than comfort, a desire profounder than schoolboy satisfaction, a yearning cold and immaculate and unstoppable as snow.
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|...Communism, it's a reactive formation derived from capitalism. For this reason it's less flexible and has a lower survival potential. The days of laissez-faire capitalism are completely dead, and the assumptions of nineteenth-century Communism are equally dead, because they were based on laissez-faire capitalism. While there's hardly a trace of it left in capitalist countries, Communism is still reacting to something that's been dead for over a hundred years.And present-day Communism clings to this outmoded concepts, refusing to acknowledge the contradictions and failures of the Marxist system. Communism doesn't have any capacity to change. Capitalism is flexible, and it's changing all the time, and it's changed immeasurably. Communism apparently are still asserting that they are not changing, they're following the same Marxist principles. We don't have any principles. It's an advantage.
Octavio Paz, The Other Voice: Essays on Modern Poetry|This is perhaps the most noble aim of poetry, to attach ourselves to the world around us, to turn desire into love, to embrace, finally what always evades us, what is beyond, but what is always there – the unspoken, the spirit, the soul.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Words have power, you understand? It is in the nature of our universe. Our library itself distorts time and space on quite a grand scale. Well, when the Post Office started accumulating letters, it was storing words. In fact, what was being created was what we call a 'gevaisa', a tomb of living words.
Philip K. Dick|She returned his salute with a sly smile—a rare enough event that he eyed her suspiciously.“Admiral Solovy, are you wearing a shit-eating grin because we won here today, or is there something else I should know?”“There’s something else you should know.
Bill Hicks|I am always doing what I thought I couldn't do, because I might learn something. Henri Marcel - French Artist in Marriage, A Journey and A Dog.
Abby McDonald, Getting Over Garrett Delaney|How is it?" I ask as we stroll towards the dressing rooms. "Working at the playground. That must be fun.""Sure, they're just adorable," she says, "For the first five minutes. And then I want to wring their adorable little necks."I stop, shocked. "I always figured you loved kids.""Yeah, no." Kayla shakes her head emphatically. "One kid, I can do, even two-- just stick them in front of a Disney movie, let them play Xbox all night. But a herd of them?" She shudders.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|The only time you have is the where and when of right now. There will always be good times, bad times, hard times, and complete disasters. However, there is no other option but to be where you are, when you are. That is a universal truth for everyone. The important thing is how you respond, what you decide to do, and when you decide to do it.
Sunday Adelaja|God created us so that His love, beauty, perfection, and harmony would be seen through us.
Veronics Roth|Is that true?” The Boss asked Mace. Without even batting an eye, Mace said, “Yes.”“And you agreed?” The Boss questioned. “Of course. Anything for my queen,” he said, holding his glass up to me in a mock toast.
Michael Crichton, Travels|I am LifeYour pure essence, spirit and seed of existence itself,That lies within you, longing to awaken and flourish.I am long before you and after you, never born, never die,timeless, without boundaries.I am pure unconditional love, wholeness,connectedness, freedom, bliss,joy, peace, stillness.I am That beyond the gross and limited,yet you are blinded.You choose the illusion that you have controlthrough grasping and being caughtby all that is unreal and comes and goes.You think you are alive but you barely know Life.You choose separation.It is time to wake up!Have strength, courage and trust to let go.Surrender the fear and all that imprisons you.I am beyond mind, thoughts, emotions, ego, conditioning, desires, needs, attachments, memories, dreams, goals, forms, identities, ideas.Beyond all that arises.When all that I am not is released and let go, I AM....Total, whole, eternal,infinite.And such also is all that arises.No more questions.Home.No more you, I, us.No more words.
Thomas de Quincey, Confessions of an English Opium Eater|But my way of writing is rather to think aloud, and follow my own humours, than much to consider who is listening to me; and, if I stop to consider what is proper to be said to this or that person, I shall soon come to doubt whether any part at all is proper.
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|Well, now you can see how sensible it is not to start your day by guessing what might happen... After all, how long would I have had to go on guessing before I guessed this?
Fightium|Keep your friends close, your enemies closer, and your family even closer because one of them is a backstabber.
Jody Hedlund, Forever Safe|I was a possession he had a right to use, a woman with no feelings that mattered.” Wedderburn still did not speak. “I don’t want to feel like that again,” she said in a whisper. Wedderburn’s eyes were dark with a violent emotion, but his hands were gentle as he held her face. “You’ll never be just any woman to me,” he said. “I want to know you, Alison Douglas.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|In the past, work was defined primarily by putting in time, and secondarily on getting results. "We need to flip that model,” Ressler told me. “No matter what kind of business you’re in, it’s time to throw away the tardy slips, time clocks and outdated, industrial-age thinking.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict|Nicholas Benedict did have an exceptional gift for knowing things (more exceptional, in fact, than most adults would have thought possible), and yet not even he could know that this next chapter was to be the most unusual-and most important-of his entire childhood. Indeed, the strange days that lay ahead would change him forever, though for now they had less substance than the mist through which he ran.
Anthony Hopkins|I've been accused of riding roughshod over others' emotions, and I admit, when I feel a friend is being over-indulgent, my patience is in short supply.
Robert Newton Peck, A Day No Pigs Would Die|I did this.The sudden reality of the situation sets in and I know that not only will I kill again, but I have doomed this poor soul to a life in the shadows, stalking his prey by the silver light of the full moon.The corners of my mouth slants toward the heavens and I am smiling.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you see someone on top, look away and don't try to bring him down, because he may someday help you reach the top.
Henry David Thoreau|I keep a hotel room in my town, although I have a large house. And I go there at about 5:30 in the morning, and I start working. And I don't allow anybody to come in that room. I work on yellow pads and with ballpoint pens. I keep a Bible, a thesaurus, a dictionary, and a bottle of sherry. I stay there until midday.
C.S. Lewis|Our experience is coloured through and through by books and plays and the cinema, and it takes patience and skill to disentangle the things we have really learned from life for ourselves.
Idries Shah|Man (as he imagines himself to be), in general, is a possibility, not a fact.
Leah Cypess, Mistwood|She had learned to pay attention to the variations in Rokan's smiles. There was the sideways half-smile when he found something amusing; the slow, contented smile that appeared only rarely these days; and the wide, dazzling, unrestrained smile she had so far seen only twice, when he first came for her in the Mistwood and when they watched the hawk soar against the sky. And then there was this one, the reason for her watchfulness: the impish grin that meant he wanted to do something he knew was stupid and was going to do it anyhow.
Charlotte  Pearson, Mummy Fever: Mission Accomplished|In order for them to be the best they can be, my children need me to be the best version of me I can be. That meanstaking charge of our lives, being strong even if I don’t feel it,being brave and believing that I can make things better.
Kamand Kojouri|First, create your ego. Then destroy it. This is all of life.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|In other words, we are only proud of being more successful, more intelligent or more good-looking than the next person, and we are in the presence of someone who is more successful, intelligent and good-looking than we are, we lose all pleasure in what we had. That is because we really had no pleasure in it. We were proud of it.
Stephen King, Black House|Whenever a young thing wants to be free minus serious thought, she gets pregnant and then gets married. Voilà!
Lewis Carroll|Truth is the beginning of every good to the gods, and of every good to man.
Otsuichi, ZOO〈２〉|The more one loves, the heavier the meaning of death becomes, and the deeper the sense of loss.
Adeline Yen Mah, Falling Leaves: The Memoir of an Unwanted Chinese Daughter|A so-called antimony war had been waged between French [Galenist] physicians and [alchemical, Paracelsian] iatrochemists since the beginning of the seventeenth century. What it lacked in bloodletting, this war made up for in bile.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The poorest man you can marry is not the one who lacks money, but the one who lacks character.
Scott Stabile|and then there was that time you sucked down your fear, breathed into it, faced it with a courage that moves mountains, and you stepped right into that thing, that situation, that experience moments and forever before had crippled and controlled you, and had you believing you could never rise up to meet it. but you did, because you could. and you will again, because you can. yes, you can.
Dee Henderson, Undetected|There is something gratuitous about creation, an unnecessary abundance of beauty, and through its blossoms and pleasures we can revel in the sheer largesse of the Father.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|If you help load a cart you get a ride in it, as often as not. It gives him to think, how bad people are at loading carts. Men trying to walk straight ahead through a narrow gateway with a wide wooden chest. A simple rotation of the object solves a great many problems.
Ben Peek|A person whose skin is metallic can no more have its reproduction restricted than a black-skinned person. Regarding life as a form of machinery and intelligent machines as people without our environmental limitations is essential in understanding FAP, the Final Anthropic Principle, which deals with evolution in the far future.
Robin Hayes|By and large, the gospel of grace is neither proclaimed, understood, nor lived.
Marisa de los Santos, Love Walked In|My inner wolf seeks to destroy the one I love for reasons of self-preservation. For the only cure to free my soul is to be killed, in an act of true love, by the one who loves me most..
Michael Montoure, Slices|People don't think in terms of information. They think in terms of narratives. But while people focus on the story itself, information comes along for the ride.
Evlinda Lepins|I had not the least idea of a gamekeeper's occupation being so dangerous - there had never been such a person employed on the Longbourn estate - and just as I had spent half the previous night wondering about Peter, I spent half the next one worrying about him.
Toni Maguire, Don't Tell Mummy: A True Story of the Ultimate Betrayal|Having two women—one who can’t know about the other, and one who must be trusted not to destroy his life—is clearly difficult for him.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Anybody who talks about the future is a bastard, it's the present that counts. Invoking posterity is like making speeches to worms.
Jan Porter, Sacred Space, body mind soul after sexual abuse|Your life is a screenplay, you must be the author; direct and make it a success.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|Had she believed all that? Old Pilar's folklore? No, not really; or not exactly. Most likely Pilar hadn't quite believed it either, but it was a reassuring story: that the dead were not entirely dead but were alive in a different way; a paler way admittedly, and somewhat darker. But still able to send messages, if only such messages could be recognized and deciphered. People need such stories, Pilar said once, because however dark, a darkness with voices in it is better than a silent void.
E.J. Stevens|So it’s fate then?” I asked with him so close my lips brushed the line of his jaw with each word, “Us being together?”“Absolutely,” Calvin said with a low growl. Then he lifted my chin, tilting my head back, and kissed me deeply.Who was I to argue with Fate?
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|You fix what's broken, not what's lost. He's gone. You can't fix that. You can't bring him back. But you can fix yourself; you can put yourself back together and not be the person who did that anymore. And I think that's maybe the key, because you can say sorry until you're blue in the face, but it doesn't count until they see repentance.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one is involved in worldly interactions, there is pleasure of the mind; and after knowing the Self (Soul), there is bliss of the Soul.
Albert Cossery, A Splendid Conspiracy|I have long been of the Opinion, says he, that the Fire was a vast Blessing and the Plague likewise; it gave us Occasion to understand the Secrets of Nature which otherwise might have overwhelm'd us. (I busied my self with the right Order of the Draughts, and said nothing.) With what Firmness of Mind, Sir Chris. went on, did the People see their City devoured, and I can still remember how after the Plague and the Fire the Chearfulnesse soon returned to them: Forgetfulnesse is the great Mystery of Time.I remember, I said as I took a Chair opposite to him, how the Mobb applauded the Flames. I remember how they sang and danced by the Corses during the Contagion: that was not Chearfulnesse but Phrenzy. And I remember, also, the Rage and the Dying -These were the Accidents of Fortune, Nick, from which we have learned so much in this Generation.It was said, sir, that the Plague and the Fire were no Accidents but Substance, that they were the Signes of the Beast withinne. And Sir Chris. laughed at this.At which point Nat put his Face in: Do you call, sirs? Would you care for a Dish of Tea or some Wine?Some Tea, some Tea, cried Sir Chris. for the Fire gives me a terrible Thirst. But no, no, he continued when Nat had left the Room, you cannot assign the Causes of Plague or Fire to Sin. It was the negligence of Men that provoked those Disasters and for Negligence there is a Cure; only Terrour is the Hindrance.Terrour, I said softly, is the Lodestone of our Art.
Jo Walton, Among Others|The Mogadorian caught Number One in Malaysia, Number Two in England, And Number Three in Kenya. I am Number Four. I am next..." - I AM NUMBER FOUR
Deepika Padukone|You know what your problem is, it's that you haven't seen enough movies - all of life's riddles are answered in the movies.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|The day that lay before (was) full of infinite possibilities, though in a million superficial ways it was identical to the day before.
Tahar ben Jelloun|Super-eruption of mount Toba, 76,000 years ago had wiped out a previous great civilization on earth.
Emmanuel Levinas, Existence and Existents|It’s perfectly normal, perfectly natural to live in sleep. But to wake up is a revolution in consciousness. To wake up is to break free of nature. To wake up is to rise and unite with the spirit, and nature doesn’t do that for us.
Naomi Klein|For every dollar that is spent on the (boondoggle) bridge a dollar will be taken away from taxpayers. If the bridge costs $1,000,000 the taxpayers will lose $1,000, 000. They will have that much taken away from them which they would otherwise have spent on the things they needed most.
Meir Soloveichik|Every time I slip into the ocean, it's like going home.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|if a man chooses to be promiscuous, he may still turn up his nose at promiscuity. He may still demand a woman be faithful to him, to save him from his own lust. But women have lust, too. Why should they be relegated to the position of custodian of emotions, watcher of the infants, feeder of soul,body and pride of man?
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We need to begin to see hyper-masculinity as the disorder it is, and not as a strength.
Stephen Demone, After the End|More I get to know people, the more I tend to end up odd.
E.L. Konigsburg, Talk, Talk : A Children's Book Author Speaks to Grown-Ups|In some way, every creative action disturbs the universe.
Vince Lombardi|Pro wrestling is not fake; it's sports entertainment. We go out there and we perform, and a lot of what we do out there is real, but we're not going to insult anyone's intelligence - there is a predetermined winner. It's just the fans don't know who it is, and that's what makes it so intriguing.
RVM|Optimists anticipate problems, welcome them, and challenge them. Thus, eventually they defeat their problems.
Roberto Bolaño, By Night in Chile|It's too easy to criticize a man when he's out of favour, and to make him shoulder the blame for everybody else's mistakes.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|Besides, if there were no dragons of flesh and blood and fire, whence would come the idea for these stone carvings?
Keith Richards|I don't think I've ever worked so hard on something, but working on Macintosh was the neatest experience of my life. Almost everyone who worked on it will say that. None of us wanted to release it at the end. It was as though we knew that once it was out of our hands, it wouldn't be ours anymore.
Kate McGahan|Your minute is your hour is your day is your week is your month is your year. If you want to make this year better, make each minute better.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|...after much practice and struggle, you come to feel for yourself that enlightenment is not only possible, but in process.
Jonathan Sacks|I would love to do a western. I would love to play an explorer. That is always something that has really captured my imagination since I was a kid, like James Cook or Magellan or Earnest Shackleton.
Sandra B. James|Abstaining from sex is a small fraction of the chastity process. Your intentions are just as important as the act of sex itself"The Ultimate Guide to Chastity
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|She was--I keep using the past tense; I ought to say she is--one of those people who, at first sight, look plain, are quiet, unassertive, unmemorable even. But who, when they start to talk and you get to know them, become more and more attractive and impressive, and you see that in fact they are beautiful. Not conventionally beautiful, not celebrity beautiful, but beautiful all through.
Donald Cargill|Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
Caroline George, The Vestige|She pulled a chair to the tiny table "I'm starving.""So am I," he answered, but when she glanced up he was looking at her and not the food.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|Prate not to me of suicide, Faint heart in battle, not for pride I say Endure, but that such end denied Makes welcomer yet the death that's to be died.
Kahlil Gibran, The Collected Works|Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Setting the stage for the Tower of Babel, the author says that, while humanity had a mission to reflect God, it had been distracted by its own reflection and was both fascinated and fearful of what it saw.
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|I like it here. I like the girls, and I like the DJ's, and the cocktail waitresses, and the loud rock'n'roll (though I would happily beat everyone in Poison to death with the severed limbs of the members of Warrant).
Paul A. Volcker|We didn't know how to run a business, but we had dreams and talent.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|For religion to truly become an aid to humanity as a whole, every human being must make sincere efforts to break down the dogmatic barriers among different religions constructed by the pathologically ill and dangerous fundamentalists.
Shilpa Shetty|I'd come to the country to do my Thoreau bit, so I needed an office that looked out onto the woods for inspiration. I converted one of the bedrooms into my workspace and through its windows watched the wildlife appear each morning with the sunrise. Many were the days I would sit in wonder, coffee in hand, for hours.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|The world has enough deceit, decay, and despair; be different.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|Well,’ I said, ‘Paris is old, is many centuries. You feel, in Paris, all the time gone by. That isn’t what you feel in New York — ’He was smiling. I stopped.‘What do you feel in New York?’ he asked.‘Perhaps you feel,’ I told him, ‘all the time to come. There’s such power there, everything is in such movement. You can’t help wondering—I can’t help wondering—what it will all be like—many years from now.
Criss Jami, Healology|Who you are in public is a test of your conviction; who you are in private, integrity.
Joseph Conrad|You can't make people change, but the organizers of WorldFest hope that people consider being vegetarian for both moral and health reasons.
Steven Weber|My relationship with the Philharmonia Orchestra brought me many times to London and I will always reflect positively on that early period of development with them - their patience, their warmth, their dedication.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Famine was the mark of a maturing agricultural society, the very badge of civilization.
Charles Dickens|Although it was only six o'clock, the night was already dark. The fog, made thicker by its proximity to the Seine, blurred every detail with its ragged veils, punctured at various distances by the reddish glow of lanterns and bars of light escaping from illuminated windows. The road was soaked with rain and glittered under the street-lamps, like a lake reflecting strings of lights. A bitter wind, heavy with icy particles, whipped at my face, its howling forming the high notes of a symphony whose bass was played by swollen waves crashing into the piers of the bridges below. The evening lacked none of winter's rough poetry.
Matthew S. Williams|…our world did not fall because we did not believe in fairness… our world fell because it could no longer support the enormous weight we had put upon it, in the name of fairness.
Danila Botha, Too Much on the Inside|The joy I’m feeling is too intense to express.I don’t know what’ll happen next month, or even next week. What I know is that we both want to try.
Lao Tzu|Nobody makes anybody enlightened.Just tell them what you want to say,then let them decide for themselves.
Jonathan Coe, The Rotters' Club|Hey - Duggie! Duggie! Duggie!" He came running up to me, sparkler in hand. I felt like sticking one on him, the cheeky bastard. Nobody called me Duggie.He held the sparkler up in front of my face and said, "Wait. Wait."I was already waiting. What else was there to do?"Here you are," he said. "Look! What's this?"At that precise moment, his sparkler fizzled out. I didn't say anything, so he supplied the answer himself. "The death of the socialist dream," he said.He giggled like a little maniac, and stared at me for a second or two before running off, and in that time I saw exactly the same thing I'd seen in Stubbs's eyes the day before. The same triumphalism, the same excitement, not because something new was being created, but because something was being destroyed. I thought about Phillip and his stupid rock symphony and I swear that my eyes pricked with tears. This ludicrous attempt to squeeze the history of the countless millennia into half an hour's worth of crappy riffs and chord changes suddenly seemed no more Quixotic than all the things my dad and his colleagues had been working towards for so long. A national health service, free to everyone who needed it. Redistribution of wealth through taxation. Equality of opportunity. Beautiful ideas, Dad, noble aspirations, just as there was the kernel of something beautiful in Philip's musical hodge-podge. But it was never going to happen. If there had ever been a time when it might have happened, that time was slipping away. The moment had passed. Goodbye to all that.Easy to be clever with hindsight, I know, but I was right, wasn't I? Look back on that night from the perspective of now, the closing weeks of the closing century of our second millennium - if the calendar of some esoteric and fast-disappearing religious sect counts for anything any more - and you have to admit that I was right. And so was Benjamin's brother, the little bastard, with his sparkler and his horrible grin and that nasty gleam of incipient victory in his twelve-year-old eyes. Goodbye to all that, he was saying. He'd worked it out already. He knew what the future held in store.
Toni Sorenson|Are you aware of who you really are in relationship to the very God who created the Universe, who scattered the stars and aligned the planets? Only to those who remember and realize that they are literally spirit children of a God who knows and loves them, can the fire of refinement be welcome. Otherwise, pain and adversity are just that, pain and adversity. Fire doesn’t purify; it only burns.
Barack Obama|Unconditional love really exists in each of us. It is part of our deep inner being. It is not so much an active emotion as a state of being. It's not 'I love you' for this or that reason, not 'I love you if you love me.' It's love for no reason, love without an object.
Erin Kellison, Bring Me a Dream|She glanced again toward Vincent. "And who is he again?"Vincent grinned. "I'm Vincent Blackman of the SpiderSly Company. Mirren and I are going to sleep together; we just have to get through this bullshit of her father's first.
James Patterson, Max|He rolled his eyes and took my hand. His hand was hard and calloused, tough with muscle and old scars.The night settled around us like a blanket. I could hear the water lapping against the dock. We were totally alone.“You’re . . . ,” he began, and I waited, heart throbbing in my throat. “Such a pain,” he concluded.“What?” I asked, just as his head swooped in and his mouth touched mine. I tried to speak, but one ofFang’s hands held the back of my head, and he kept his lips pressed against me, kissing me softly but with a Fanglike determination.Oh, jeez, I thought distractedly. Jeez, this is Fang, and me, and . . . Fang tilted his head to kiss me more deeply, and I felt totally lightheaded. Then I remembered to breathe through my nose, and the fog cleared a tiny bit. Somehow we were pressed together, Fang’s arms around me now, sliding under mywings, his hands flat against my back.It was incredible. I loved it. I loved him.It was a total disaster.Gasping, I pulled back. “I, uh—,” I began oh so coherently, and then I jumped up, almost knocking himover, and raced down the dock. I took off, flying fast, like a rocket.
Fuyumi Soryo|there is a fine line between sarcasm and hostility, you seemed to have crossed it. What's up?
Paul Dix|Spain, for so long a mere geographical expression, was somehow transformed into an historical fact.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|It made me shiver. And I about made up my mind to pray, and see if I couldn't try to quit being the kind of a boy I was and be better. So I kneeled down. But the words wouldn't come. Why wouldn't they? It warn't no use to try and hide it from Him. Nor from ME, neither. I knowed very well why they wouldn't come. It was because my heart warn't right; it was because I warn't square; it was because I was playing double. I was letting ON to give up sin, but away inside of me I was holding on to the biggest one of all. I was trying to make my mouth SAY I would do the right thing and the clean thing, and go and write to that nigger's owner and tell where he was; but deep down in me I knowed it was a lie, and He knowed it. You can't pray a lie--I found that out. So I was full of trouble, full as I could be; and didn't know what to do. At last I had an idea; and I says, I'll go and write the letter--and then see if I can pray. Why, it was astonishing, the way I felt as light as a feather right straight off, and my troubles all gone. So I got a piece of paper and a pencil, all glad and excited, and set down and wrote:Miss Watson, your runaway nigger Jim is down here two mile below Pikesville, and Mr. Phelps has got him and he will give him up for the reward if you send.HUCK FINN.I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I didn't do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there thinking--thinking how good it was all this happened so, and how near I come to being lost and going to hell. And went on thinking. And got to thinking over our trip down the river; and I see Jim before me all the time: in the day and in the night-time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms, and we a-floating along, talking and singing and laughing. But somehow I couldn't seem to strike no places to harden me against him, but only the other kind. I'd see him standing my watch on top of his'n, 'stead of calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him how glad he was when I come back out of the fog; and when I come to him again in the swamp, up there where the feud was; and such-like times; and would always call me honey, and pet me and do everything he could think of for me, and how good he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved him by telling the men we had small-pox aboard, and he was so grateful, and said I was the best friend old Jim ever had in the world, and the ONLY one he's got now; and then I happened to look around and see that paper.It was a close place. I took it up, and held it in my hand. I was a-trembling, because I'd got to decide, forever, betwixt two things, and I knowed it. I studied a minute, sort of holding my breath, and then says to myself:"All right, then, I'll GO to hell"--and tore it up.
Sami Abouzid|Let’s talk about love , Baby Let’s talk about our dreams ...Just in your arms ...Oh I’ll be safe it seems…
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the might, the power within you, to eagerly reach out to your dreams.
Nathan Myhrvold|Why pay a fee for Internet content when a million free sites are just a click away? There's no incentive until people are too addicted to the Net to turn off their computers, yet are bored with what's available.
Mike Gallagher|My parents are the last of the middle class. My father worked for the government designing sea mines. My mother was a substitute teacher. Together, they worked really only until they were sixty.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|As he fills me, I wonder if—in the same way that sex makes its own unique perfume—we don’t really “make” love. As in create, manufacture, evoke an independent element in the air around us, and if enough of us did it really well, for real, not just for the hell of it, we could change the world. Because when he’s in me, I feel the space around us changing, charging, and it seems to set off some kind of feedback loop, where the more he touches me, the more I need him to. Having sex with Barrons sates my need. Then feeds it. Sates, then feeds. It’s a never-ending cycle. I get out of bed with him, frantic to be back in it again. And I—“—hated you for it,” he says gently.That was my line.“I never get enough, Mac. Drives me bug-fuck. I should kill you for what you make me feel.”I understand perfectly. He is my vulnerability. I would become Shiva, the world-eater, for him.
Jeremy Shada|My interest was magic, believe it or not. I became an amateur magician and did something like 400 magic shows through my teen years.
Robert Anton Wilson|Part of the reason that the government's fear mongering is succeeding is because so many people are so ignorant, that it is easier for government to frighten people in submission.
Mark W. Boyer|A knowledgeable manager can lend to the success of an organization "almost" as much as a poorly trained manager can damage it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Yeah 'ear 'ear," said George, with half a glance at Fred, the corner of whose mouth twitched.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|If a man seeks you to understand him; listen closely, for what is really going on is nothing more that you manifesting your desire to seek yourself on a plateau of awareness that is not tangible
Suze Orman|I always say: 'Share your happiness with the world, give other people that happiness and let it come back,' but some things make me question it. I don't know if I want some people to know that I am happy. I think a lot of people want to take it away from you, and that's really scary.
Osho, Watch and Wait: relaxing and waking up - instinct and intuition|But these trees don’t grow impatiently. They move with a grace, with patience, with trust. There is no hurry anywhere else except in your mind. If you really want to be in a state of peace and joy, you will have to unlearn your old habit for achieving things quickly
Messaoud Mohammed|Finally, let me share a feeling of mine, I hope it will not be misinterpreted as pride. I am seventy four now. But still, if they give me a duty in the wooden hut where I used to stay when I was a mentor long years ago, I will gladly run there and try to fulfill that duty. Perhaps, some of our friends can see that task as a simple and trivial one. But I have not underestimated this duty and would never do so. Even today, some people may consider our having lessons with the small circle of young scholars here as a simple and trivial job. However, in my opinion, this is the most important occupation that can take human to the highest levels.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|I'm not afraid to move forward, because I'm afraid I can't walk backwards
Moonshine Noire|The locals died and shrivelled with the autumnal leaves as their plastic, seasonal smiles faded with the last of the holidaymakers.
W.G. Sebald|I wonder now whether inner coldness and desolation may not be the pre-condition for making the world believe, by a kind of fraudulent showmanship, that one's own wretched heart is still aglow.
Kimberly D. Acquaviva, LGBTQ-Inclusive Hospice and Palliative Care: A Practical Guide to Transforming Professional Practice|Changing the way LGBTQ individualswith chronic or life-limiting illnesses are cared for requires a paradigm shift in the way we (collectively, as health care professionals) approach the conversation about what it means to be inclusive in our compassion. You don’t need to change your religious or moral beliefs to provide good care to LGBTQ individuals.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|One must always be careful of books," said Tessa, "and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.
Sam Harris, The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values|To point out nonepistemic motives in another’s view of the world, therefore, is always a criticism, as it serves to cast doubt upon a person’s connection to the world as it is.
Brock Osweiler|David Levi is a teacher as well as a chef, and, like most teachers, he loves to talk.
Christina Rossetti, The Poetical Works of Christina Georgina Rossetti|In the bleak midwinter Frosty wind made moan, Earth stood hard as iron, Water like a stone; Snow had fallen, Snow on snow, Snow on snow, In the bleak midwinter, Long ago. 
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, The Gift of Story: A Wise Tale About What is Enough|...stories that rise from deep suffering can provide the most potent remedies for past, present, and even future ills.
Martin Guevara Urbina, Twenty-first Century Dynamics of Multiculturalism: Beyond Post-racial America|We are not equal, we are two halves that make each other whole.
Zbigniew Brzeziński, Strategic Vision: America and the Crisis of Global Power|Official Washington cannot tell the American people that the real purpose of its gargantuan military expenditures and belligerent interventions is to make the world safe for General Motors, General Electric, General Dynamics, and all the other generals.
Seraphim Rose, Nihilism: The Root of the Revolution of the Modern Age|A government must rule by the Grace of God or by the will of the people, it must believe in authority or in the Revolution; on these issues compromise is possible only in semblance, and only for a time. The Revolution, like the disbelief which has always accompanied it, cannot be stopped halfway; it is a force that, once awakened, will not rest until it ends in a totalitarian Kingdom of this world. The history of the last two centuries has proved nothing if not this. To appease the Revolution and offer it concessions, as Liberals have always done, thereby showing that they have no truth with which to oppose it, is perhaps to postpone, but not to prevent, the attainment of its end. And to oppose the radical Revolution with a Revolution of one's own, whether it be "conservative," " non-violent," or "spiritual," is not merely to reveal ignorance of the full scope and nature of the Revolution of our time, but to concede as well the first principle of that Revolution: that the old truth is no longer true, and a new truth must take its place.
Nathan Sawaya|Often, we think that things are the way they are because of intelligent design - because somebody super-smart, or some group of academics, came up with the best system ever to do XYZ. Actually, things are often the way they are because of an accident of history.
Colleen Hoover, Point of Retreat|If I were a carpenter, I would build you a window to my soul. But I would leave that window shut and locked, so that every time you tried to look through it all you would see is your own reflection. You would see that my soul is a reflection of you.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Our new understanding of energy, and hence energy healing, is full of ideas that seem strange and contradictory. The ability to understand that two competing concepts can exist at the same time is the key to being able to derive benefits from the new understanding of energy and the new science of energy healing. In the Newtonian world, matter and energy are separate and therefore don't influence each other. In the world of Einstein, they are intertwined and offer wonderful new possibilities that can benefit us all. But it is a world that many people have a hard time accepting.
Stephanie Lahart|I am Stephanie Lahart! An intelligent, empowered, and confident Black Queen. Purposely Fearless!
Henry James, Washington Square|Religion is like drugs, it destroys the thinking mind.
Jodi Picoult|So he slips his head off of Jeff's shoulder and slides out from under Evan's Armand shuffles down to the bottom of the bed. It doesn't have a lot of dignity this part of their sleeping arrangement. He's complained about this before but Jeff just nodded, and Evan had kissed the back of his neck, and they'd both snuggled in a little tighter, pinning him in the middle even more effectively than before.
Jeanette Coron|Courage is not the absence of fear, it's to feel the fear and face it anyway.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|The heaviest of burdens is therefore simultaneously an image of life’s most intense fulfillment. The heavier the burden, the closer our lives come to the earth, the more real and truthful they become.
Deborah Barnes|True beauty radiates not from outer cosmetics, but from the simple joy of making a difference for those that need your voice, passion, and time without expecting or wanting anything in return...
Debasish Mridha|When you learn the language of divine love, everything become divine, miraculous and lovely.
Logan Mankins|My father died when I was young and I was raised by my grandmother, Emma Klonjlaleh Brown. We could afford to eat chicken just once a year, on Christmas.
Charles Stross, The Atrocity Archives|Our ego occupies so much space, there is little room for anything else.
Charles Dickens|I want to escape from myself. For when I do start up and stare myself seedily in the face, as happens to be my case at present, my blankness is inconceivable--indescribable--my misery amazing.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|We came equals into this world, and equals shall we go out of it.
Kamand Kojouri|Why do you feel so powerless? Go spend an hour with ants. Each of those black specks you see is a life. One whole life that you can save, take, or affect in some way. You have the power to make so many lives better. It is within you. Don’t lose sight of that.
Bondan Winarno, Petang Panjang di Central Park|Kau tak akan pernah mengerti, memang. Aku perempuan dan kau laki-laki. Jadi, perlakukanlah aku seperti seorang perempuan. Seranglah aku! Jangan tunggu aku menyerangmu.
Carroll Bryant|Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be.
Trix Wilkins, The Courtship of Jo March: a variation of Louisa May Alcott's Little Women|You speak as though they cannot be trusted with freedom to build a future for themselves, given the opportunity. Certainly humanity as a whole shares a collective guilt for incompetency in crafting a decent future for ourselves – more often than not, we seem eager to destroy others for our own selfish gain. If you truly care for their prospects once freed, then raise a voice and a hand towards that cause! But do not condemn those who work towards the step that must be accomplished first. Liberty first must be achieved, before anything else can have any meaning. - Jo March to Kate Vaughn, on the abolition of slavery
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|His name was Rambo, and he was just some nothing kid for all anybody knew, standing by the pump of a gas station at the outskirts of Madison, Kentucky.
Prinx Maurice|Each time I see a happy face, I see two beautiful minds: the creator and the receiver of happiness. Happiness is not produced or received by non-beautiful minds. A sadistic soul cannot conceive, produce or receive happiness. It is strange to these kinds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is better for you to read the Holy Bible, for your own enlightenment.
Jerry Reed|Drugs, sex, booze, all the stuff that we wanted to do. The problem was that we didn't want to learn the top 40 'cause most of the music was awful and we had this other idea about what we wanted to do.
Paige Tyler, Her Rogue Alpha|...She remembered why he'd caught her eye the first time she'd seen him, at Ivy and Landon's wedding. He was absolutely gorgeous. Tall, with broad shoulders and well-muscled arms, he had dark-blond hair, piercing blue eyes, and a square jaw covered with just the perfect amount of stubble. Then there was his mouth... There were books written about lips that kissable.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man himself is helpless to detach himself from the gnawing guilt of a heart weighed down with the guilt of sin. But where man has failed, God has succeeded.
Emilio Estevez|We are all wonderful, beautiful wrecks. That's what connects us--that we're all broken, all beautifully imperfect.
Chiang Kai-shek|The biggest deficit in terms of gender equality at Ozon lay in our IT department. So we made a decision, along with our key IT leaders, to remove all filters and systemically interview all the women who apply.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|A single poem, alonecan turn tidesscatter galaxiesand burst forth with riversfrom paradise.
Kellie Elmore, Jagged Little Pieces|The train blows, just when I was forgetting. Forgetting that I am here alone. And I wonder if those cars got held up by its passing, just as I have yours.
Stephanie Rische, I Was Blind (Dating), But Now I See: My Misadventures in Dating, Waiting, and Stumbling into Love|A good dad will fulfill his daughter's request—but only if it's the right gift, at the right time. Sometimes he may give the gracious gift of saying no. But always—always—he cares about his child's request.
Bruce Crown, Chronic Passions|A perfect example, in matters of life and death, of love and passion, of choice or destiny; options decrease to a singular course.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the New Year bring you new grace, new gladness and new glory.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|The fridge had been emptied of all Dudley’s favorite things — fizzy drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers — and filled instead with fruit and vegetables and the sorts of things that Uncle Vernon called “rabbit food.
Meg Donohue, Dog Crazy: A Novel of Love Lost and Found|I don't belong to the masses, I've been against the masses all my life, and I'm not in favour of dogs.
Kelley Armstrong, The Awakening|With no chance to take off, I had to play my role, searching for the rendezvous spot, which gave me the excuse to look for an escape opportunity. Maybe a hole in the wall too small for Tori’s mom to follow me through or a precarious stack of boxes I could topple onto her head or an abandoned hammer I could brain her with. I’d never “brained” anyone in my life, but with Tori’s mom, I was willing to try.
Dave Matthes, Strange Rainfall on the Rooftops of People Watchers: Poems and Stories|I shall be as brave as a my Toad, he thought, for my Toad never hides under the bed when she is afraid of lightning or bats. She sticks out her tongue and eats them.
Jill Tarter|You never enjoy the world aright, till the sea itself floweth in your veins, till you are clothed with the heavens and crowned with the stars.
John O'Donohue, Beauty: The Invisible Embrace|The earth is our origin and destination. The ancient rhythms of the earth have insinuated themselves into the rhythms of the human heart. The earth is not outside us; it is within: the clay from where the tree of the body grows. When we emerge from our offices, rooms and houses, we enter our natural element. We are children of the earth: people to whom the outdoors is home. Nothing can separate us from the vigour and vibrancy of this inheritance. In contrast to our frenetic, saturated lives, the earth offers a calming stillness. Movement and growth in nature takes time. The patience of nature enjoys the ease of trust and hope. There is something in our clay nature that needs to continually experience this ancient, outer ease of the world. It helps us remember who we are and why we are here.
Syed Sharukh|I never stopped loving you,I continued loving you in a different way.
Kamand Kojouri|Sometimes, when inspiration runs dry, I drink classical music until my words spill out.
A.D.Y. Howle|Just because you do not know how they look like, doesn’t mean you cannot see them.
Zora Neale Hurston, Folklore, Memoirs, and Other Writings|No, I do not weep at the world. I'm too busy sharpening my oyster knife.
Wole Soyinka, Climate of Fear: The Quest for Dignity in a Dehumanized World|When you meet familiarity which demeans true integrity, run away!
Lauren DeStefano, Wither|...And you, you better run because i'm going to destroy you for what you've taken from me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Light cannot hide its beauty, not even in darkness.
Anne Carson|...Heracles was strangely silent. What is he thinking? / Geryon wondered. / Geryon watched prehistoric rocks move past the car and thought about thoughts. / Even when they were lovers / he had never known what Herakles was thinking. Once in a while he would say, / Penny for your thoughts! / and it always turned out to be some odd thing like a bumper sticker or a dish / he'd eaten in a Chinese restaurant years ago. / What Geryon was thinking Herakles never asked. In the space between them / developed a dangerous cloud.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|Christian morality (so called) has all the characters of a reaction; it is, in great part, a protest against Paganism. Its ideal is negative rather than positive; passive rather than action; innocence rather than Nobleness; Abstinence from Evil, rather than energetic Pursuit of Good: in its precepts (as has been well said) 'thou shalt not' predominates unduly over 'thou shalt.
Barbara Browning, I'm Trying to Reach You|...yes, I am your priest, your magician, your lover - I make charms to incant your presence...
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Hugo attacked me." Clary tried not to wince as the astringent liquid stung her wounds.Hugo?" Luke blinked.Hodge's bird. I think it was his bird, anyway. Maybe it was Valentine's."Hugin," Luke said softly. "Hugin and Munin were Valentine's pet birds. Their names mean 'Thought' and 'Memory.'"Well they should mean 'Attack' and 'Kill,'" said Clary. "Hugo almost tore my eyes out.
Gregory Wasson|I've never made a penny being a doctor, so that makes it not a job. My sense of a doctor is that one is a presence caring for health. So I'm never not a doctor. People call me from all over the world who are hurting, and I care for them. Chatting is what more people want than anything.
Ezra Taft Benson|There is, however, a far more common ailment among us—and that is pride from the bottom looking up. It is manifest in so many ways, such as faultfinding, gossiping, backbiting, and murmuring, living beyond our means, envying, coveting, withholding gratitude and praise that might lift another, and being unforgiving and jealous.
Ty Dolla Sign|J. G. Ballard is just an example of the writers I like. Philip K. Dick is obviously one of them. I'm a big fan of William Gibson as well. He started cyberpunk with 'Neuromancer.' I've come to know him a little bit over Twitter, of all places, and I was always a huge fan of his. It's very cool to know he even knows I exist.
Jack Iams, The French Touch|It had occurred to her that the ultimate expression of Tom Wolfe’s ‘saturation reporting’ was possibly at hand: the copycat murder of the journalist, with the murderer finishing the piece and filing it, complete with photographs and videos.
Rufi Thorpe, Dear Fang, With Love|She carried herself like a dishonored queen. Even the way she held her head at an angle as she considered the buildings around us seemed watched and pretentious, and I thought about my mother saying there was something toxic about being very beautiful. It must be terrible to be a woman.
Nicola Haken, Broken|No sound, once made, is ever truly lost. In electric clouds, all are safely trapped, and with a touch, if we find them, we can recapture those echoes of sad, forgotten wars, long summers, and sweet autumns.
Sarah MacLean, The Rogue Not Taken|Books record knowledge,preserve wisdom,and disseminate information;nourishing minds, changing lives.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|TIA OR TARA has stopped applying makeup to my wife’s face and is looking at Scottie with disapproval. The light is hitting this woman’s face, giving me an opportunity to see that she should perhaps be working on her own makeup. Her coloring is similar to a manila envelope. There are specks of white in her eyebrows, and her concealer is not concealing. I can tell my daughter doesn’t know what to do with this woman’s critical look.“What?” Scottie asks. “I don’t want any makeup.” She looks at me for protection, and it’s heartbreaking. All the women who model with Joanie have this inane urge to make over my daughter with the notion that they’re helping her somehow. She’s not as pretty as her older sister or her mother, and these other models think that slapping on some rouge will somehow make her feel better about her facial fate. They’re like missionaries. Mascara thumpers.“I was just going to say that I think your mother was enjoying the view,” Tia or Tara says. “It’s so pretty outside. You should let the light in.”My daughter looks at the curtain. Her little mouth is open. Her hand reaches for a tumbleweed of hair.“Listen here, T. Her mother was not enjoying the view. Her mother is in a coma. And she’s not supposed to be in bright light.”“My name is not T,” she says. “My name is Allison.”“Okay, then, Ali. Don’t confuse my daughter, please.”“I’m turning into a remarkable young lady,” Scottie says.“Damn straight.” My heart feels like one of Scottie’s clogs clomping down the hall. I don’t know why I became so angry.
Richard Siken|Bonnie saw ropes hanging loose, poles falling away, tree-tops sinking beneath her. As they rose, the sun rose with them. Its warmth turned the dark skin of the fiery balloon midnight blue. They flew straight up. Above them, the sweet, clear music of the lonely pipe called to them. Then the smooth sky puckered into cloth-of-blue and drew aside. They passed straight through...
Alyson Noel, Night Star|The house seemed so different at night. Everything was in its correct place, of course, but somehow the furniture seemed more angular and the pictures on the wall more one-dimensional. She remembered somebody saying that at night we are all strangers, even to ourselves, and this struck her as being true.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|There are many kinds of joy, but they all lead to one: the joy to be loved.
Margaret Atwood, CAT'S EYE.|I look at him with the nostalgic affection men are said to feel for their wars, their fellow veterans. I think, I once threw things at this man. I threw a glass ashtray, a fairly cheap one which didn't break. I threw a shoe (his) and a handbag (mine), not even snapping the handbag shut first, so that he was showered with a metal rain of keys and small change. The worst thing I threw was a small portable television set, standing on the bed and heaving it at him with the aid of the bouncy springs, although the instant I let fly I thought, Oh God, let him duck! I once thought I was capable of murdering him. Today I feel only a mild regret that we were not more civilized with each other at the time. Still, it was amazing, all those explosions, that recklessness, that Technicolor wreckage. Amazing and agonizing and almost lethal.
Michael Bennett, F*ck Feelings: One Shrink's Practical Advice for Managing All Life's Impossible Problems|If you can tolerate the humiliation and helplessness and admit that you're an out-of-control fuckup, it frees you from expectations that you can't possibly meet, promises you can't keep, and appearances you can't maintain; it liberates you from the ensuring cycle of endless failure.
Orson Scott Card, The Worthing Saga|It was as if he'd suddenly become intimately aware of the fragility of life and how precious time really was. As a result, he made a conscious effort to simplify his life, with the goal of eliminating unnecessary stress. No longer interested in society's definition of success, he began purging his life of material things. Life, he decided, was for living, not for having, and he wanted to experience every moment that he could. At the deepest level, he'd come to understand that life could end at any moment, and it was better to be be happy than busy.
Nikki Rowe|Some are afraid of being a mess, feared by the unknown and are horrified by an unplanned future; than, there is some of us who thrive through discovery , excited by unknown territories and intrigued by a future of mystery. How you tell these people apart; one is a thinker, thy other a feeler.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|Church, in the New Testament sense of the word, is not a meeting we attend, but a group of which we are a part, and a group we serve within.
Miss Mae, It's Elementary, My Dear Winifred|It's elementary, my dear Winifred.
C.G. Faulkner, Unreconstructed|Now, if you don’t know ‘Bonnie Blue Flag’, then ‘Dixie’ will do nicely…” Tom began, cocking the pistol.	Jesse stared, mouth agape at the carnage in the room.	“NOW PLAY!” Tom exploded.
Christian Lous Lange|I was very down as a teenager, very upset because I had gotten hurt in a car accident. But my dad was a source of strength. He used to say, 'It's the character with strength that God gives the most challenges to.' I've thought about that so many times in my life when things didn't go right.
Niccolò Ammaniti, I'm Not Scared|We do what we enjoy, even if it is act of evil.
Srividya Srinivasan|Delayed, unexpressed appreciation is meaningless. The dead need no appreciation. The living do.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Let's tell the truth to people. When people ask, 'How are you?' have the nerve sometimes to answer truthfully. You must know, however, that people will start avaoiding you because, they, too, have knees that pain them and heads that hurt and they don't want to know about yours. But think of it this way: If people avoid you, you will have more time to meditate and do fine research on a cure for whatever truly afflicts you.
Kathy Fish|I disagree with the advice of 'write about what you know.' Write about what you need to know, in an effort to understand.
John  Williams, Stoner|Larry has been absorbed, as he wished, into that tumultuous conglomeration of humanity, distracted by so many conflicting interests, so lost in the world's confusion, so wistful of good, so cocksure on the outside, so diffident within, so kind, so hard, so trustful and so cagey, so mean and so generous, which is the people of the United States.
Ralph Peters|However, we do not lack anti-terrorist laws. I do not believe that the recent London bombs were the result of any deficiencies in our legal system.
Jane Austen|I want to see her naked, " Mengele said pointing to Marlene. She cried and shock. My mother flung her body in front of Marlene's and said, "You can't have her. I love her, my daughter." My father said, "Take the younger one. She's smarter, " as he pushed me over forward.Marlene cried because father said I was smarter even though he was just trying to manipulate Mengele. The doctor's chest grew large.
Chuck Yeager|When I'm auditioning for something, if it's not me, I really hope the part doesn't go to me. You know what I mean? I don't want to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. If it's me, wonderful. If it's not me, there's space for all of us.
Terence|I am a human being, so nothing human is strange to me.
C.T. Todd|Crazy got nothin on us" Neesa
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|The greatest thing about youth is that you're not yet battle-weary, so you'll try anything.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|When boys unite hearts with all souls and creatures they become gentle men.When girls unite hearts with all souls and creatures they become gentle women.When humanity unites with the heart of the ONE, an era of peace and love shall return to earth.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|A skeptical man with a credo, 'Seeing is believing'. One day he found something so alien and said, 'I can't believe what I just saw'. Then the other man with different credo, 'Blessed are they who believe without seeing'. One day he found something so alien and said,'This is blasphemy, sinful and evil'.
Lindsey Frydman, The Heartbeat Hypothesis|Be a partaker, it’s the period of the end-time harvest
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions to Ask Your Parents Before It's Too Late|God helps everything come to pass. However, he reminds us that nothing comes to stay.
Greg Sargent|In other words, the Bannonite belief in disruption as an end in itself renders impossible any self-scrutiny or acknowledgment of error, in a kind of endless feedback loop (the consequences of which could become much more dire over time). And it is precisely the Bannonite contempt for procedural and institutional knowledge that is partly responsible for creating all of the logistical and legal problems to begin with.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Or we'll go that way. Or we'll walk on the highways now, and we'll have time to putthings into ourselves. And some day, after it sets in us a long time, it'll come out ofour hands and our mouths. And a lot of it will be wrong, but just enough of it will beright. We'll just start walking today and see the world and the way the world walksaround and talks, the way it really looks. I want to see everything now. And whilenone of it will be me when it goes in, after a while it'll all gather together inside and it'llbe me. Look at the world out there, my God, my God, look at it out there, outside me,out there beyond my face and the only way to really touch it is to put it where it'sfinally me, where it's in the blood, where it pumps around a thousand times tenthousand a day. I get hold of it so it'll never run off. I'll hold on to the world tight someday. I've got one finger on it now; that's a beginning.
A. N. Wilson|I spent three and a half years writing the novel 'Chang & Eng,' about the conjoined brothers for whom the term 'Siamese twins' was contrived, and when I think of these afflicted people, my only emotion is one of profound sympathy.
Jennifer E. Smith, This Is What Happy Looks Like|What happens slowly carries in each part the possibility of returning to what came before. In an accident everything is simultaneous, sudden, irreversible. It means this: no going back.
Marilyn Barnicke Belleghem, Questing Marilyn|I know I am planning to visit a "land" that is not entirely foreign, only foreign to me. As an adventurer, I am on a journey that I believe will last me my whole life. A new relationship, discovery, or awareness excites me.
Cherise Sinclair, Breaking Free|Look at me, sugar.” She lifted her eyes, and he wiped away the tear that spilled over. “I could tell you what I do and don't do, but you wouldn't believe a word I said. So let's get this over with.
Douglas Coupland|believe that you've had most of your important memories by the time you're thirty. After that, memory becomes water overflowing into an already full cup. New experiences just don't register in the same way or with the same impact. I could be shooting heroin with the Princess of Wales, naked in a crashing jet, and the experience still couldn't compare to the time the cops chased us after we threw the Taylors' patio furniture into their pool in eleventh grade.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|What I must do is all that concerns me,
Elizabeth Berg, What We Keep|I was downstairs, reading."" Now?" I strained to see her face. She was smiling, it appeared."Yes, now," she said. "It's nice, sometimes, to read in the middle of the night. The sky is so dark and soft-looking outside the window, all the stars out. You have just on light on, you know, and it seems to pour onto the page. Makes the book seem better. You are this little island, just up alone with a book. And you heard the night sounds of the house...It's so interesting to me, that sound. Time. The measure of it.
Neil Gaiman, Adventures in the Dream Trade|I don’t think that I’ve been in love as suchAlthough I liked a few folk pretty wellLove must be vaster than my smiles or touchfor brave men died and empires rose and fellFor love, girls follow boys to foreign landsand men have followed women into hellIn plays and poems someone understandsthere’s something makes us more than blood and boneand more than biological demands For me love’s like the wind, unseen, unknownI see the trees are bending where it’s beenI know that it leaves wreckage where it’s blownI really don’t know what "I love you" meansI think it means "don’t leave me here alone
Ayn Rand, Anthem|I am leaving now; but know, Katerina Ivanovna, that you indeed love only him. And the more he insults you, the more you love him. That is your strain. You precisely love him as he is, you love him insulting you. If he reformed, you would drop him at once and stop loving him altogether. But you need him in order to continually contemplate your high deed of faithfulness, and to reproach him for his unfaithfulness. And it all comes from your pride. Oh, there is much humility and humiliation in it, but all of it comes from pride.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|There is no telling what he will do! A bind, I know he will have to unglue. This day will surely reveal a clue. Beware of the Deetkatu!” Trinity, Meet the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Bob Goff, Love Does: Discover a Secretly Incredible Life in an Ordinary World|Failure is just part of the process, and it's not just okay; it's better than okay. God doesn't want failure to shut us down. God didn't make it a three-strikes-and-you're-out sort of thing. It's more about how God helps us dust ourselves off so we can swing for the fences again. And all of this without keeping a meticulous record of our screw-ups.
Sherwin B. Nuland|My death is incidental, and I worry very much about my loved ones and, you know, would like to make it as easy as possible for them. Or wish I could will away whatever, you know, the sadness they will feel when I die. But for me, nothing. The world goes on.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Whether we like it or not, we need each other.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|A set of huge marble busts stared smugly down from on high: great merchants and financiers of Styrian history, by the look of them. Criminals made heroes by colossal success.
Pearl S. Buck|When you talk about peace through strength, what you're talking about is the concept of deterrence.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t get stuck in one candle; find other candles, create other candles!
Robert G.  Thompson, Hooked on Customers: The Five Habits of Legendary Customer-Centric Companies|Most companies that win don't have a unique strategy; quite the opposite, they are doing what everyone else is doing but have figured out how to execute better.
Tanya Thompson, Assuming Names: A Con Artist's Masquerade|Prisons are full of sociopaths and psychopaths, but when questioned, the imprisoned sociopath will honestly admit that they will commit any number of crimes to help a f
James Lankford|The supernatural birth of Christ, his miracles, his resurrection and ascension, remain eternal truths, whatever doubts may be cast on their reality as historical facts.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|Be lucky, Xander, and be brave. You will find that bravery and luck are often bedfellows.
Derek Sivers|If you find even the smallest way to make people smile, they’ll remember you more for that smile than for all your other fancy business-model stuff
Saad Shah|You can predict your future life, only predict not assure.
Pankaj Mishra (#iampm)|When, while, while when you walk.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|I am isolated. I sit in a glass ball, I see people through a glass wall. I scream, but they do not hear me.- Ellen West
Bertrand Russell|We live in worlds that we have forged and composed. It's much more true than any of the species that you see. I mean, it seems to me that one of the most distinctive features of human intelligence is the capacity to imagine, to project out of our own immediate circumstances and to bring to mind things that aren't present here and now.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|When we love God with our hearts in disproportion to our minds, our faith is out of kilter with the kind of faith God wants us to have.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|...you're either gonna spend your life fucking pussy, or taking it to church.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...you go back to liberate the captives and sadly realize, some want to remain tied down in the cave...
Robert Ludlum, The Matlock Paper|Truth is neither joyful nor sad, neither good nor bad. It is simply truth.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Redeemed|Finally, she looked up at him and met his gaze, and she gasped. He knew what must be visible on his face and therefore did not try to deny it. “You know,” he rasped out. “You have always known, and you will always know that I am yours, and yet never can be. I am the most powerful high priest Poseidon has ever appointed, and yet I am too weak to hide the depths of my feelings for you.
Jaeda DeWalt|Sometimes, it is necessary for me to step back from my emotions and my life. I need to be the outsider looking in, sitting in the objective chair, as a witness. As opposed to being so entangled in my feelings, that they become a noose around my neck.
Emily Giffin, Love the One You're With|...love is the sum of our choices, the strength of our commitments, the ties that bind us together.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Success is not a journey; it's a destination called satisfaction." "Satisfied people are always motivated in heart and keep peace of mind.
Auguste Renoir|For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Walt Whitman|Whoever is not in his coffin and the dark grave, let him know he has enough.
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|A man cannot despair if he can imagine a better life, and if he can enact something of its possibility. It is only when I am ensnarled in the meaningless ordeals and the ordeals of meaninglessness, of which our public and political life is now so productive, that I lose the awareness of something better, and feel the despair of having come to the dead end of possibility.
Bo Bennett|In the past, before phones and the Internet, all communication was face-to-face. Now, most of it is digital, via emails and messaging services. If people were to start using virtual reality, it would almost come full circle.
David Fontana, The Meditation Handbook: The Practical Guide to Eastern and Western Meditation Techniques. David Fontana|Through the experience of meditation itself, the meditator becomes conscious that the practice of meditation is an end in itself rather than a means towards an end.
Kathryn Harrison, The Kiss|I used to think a drug addict was someone who lived on the far edges of society. Wild-eyed, shaven-headed and living in a filthy squat.That was until I became one...
Roger Ebert|If God has given you a mission, you must be tough enough to handle what people say and still not be distracted while doing what you were created to do. Are you tough enough? God and the enemy know the truth about you, and remember even great people doing great things for great causes meet negative criticisms. All criticism is not bad, just like all flattery is not good. Many times people don’t criticize you because they are evil; they do it because they have been trained to think anyone who doesn't perceive and see things in the same manner is an enemy. The critic is a prisoner to his own experiences and perspectives, erroneously believing his limited experiences are the sum of all truth. When you acknowledge your critics, you give them your power and validate their words. They are not important until you respond.
Patañjali, Yoga-Sutras|Many of us ordinary folk have tasted these moments of "union" - on the ladder, in the pond, in the jungle, on the hospital bed. In the yogic view, it is in these moments that we know who we really are. We rest in our true nature and know beyond a doubt that everything is OK, and not just OK, but unutterably well. We know that there is nothing to accept and nothing to reject. Life just is as it is.
Ephesians 5 2|I cannot calculate nor attempt to manage sacrifice, for to do so is to attempt to sacrifice comfortably. And it is in the attempt to sacrifice comfortably that I begin to realize that the desire for comfort is in reality the demand that I put myself first, and there is nothing of sacrifice in that.
Garth Stein, A Sudden Light|Politicians are not afraid of their mistakes, they are afraid their mistakes will not succeed
Sunday Adelaja|Whatever situation you are in, you should find an opportunity to renew your strength in the Lord, so that your problems don’t affect your joy, your peace and rest.
Alex Haditaghi|Sometimes when you try to change the world, the world changes you!
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|I suffer from CLAUSTROPHOBIA, a fear of closed spaces.For example, I’m petrified that the WINE store will be closed before I have time to get there!!!
Deyth Banger|Pushing our self past our boundaries of limitation and extreme, sometimes to something that knocks off our comfort zone, it creates new neuro pathways with our brain, we become smarter, wiser, more clarity, our life becomes more fulfilling. Only because we have a totally new experience. We get a new brain with that. Neuroplasticity﻿
Harmon Okinyo|When our time is up we can only take with us what we have learned and experienced in our development in creating for ourselves and others."By helping others we help ourselves
Jim Ramstad|At the end the day because I believe so strongly in leadership, what I look for first, what I try to assess, is integrity.
William Branks|When one says, I won't judge you for that, what they're really saying is, I am judging you for that. Think about it. If you walk into my house and I tell you, "I won't judge you for wearing those pants," what am I really saying?
Saul Bellow, Herzog|If I'm out of my mind, it's all right with me, thought Moses Herzog.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|She hoped that her baby was happy and would be waiting for her when she herself left Botswana and went to heaven. Would Mr. J.L.B. Matekoni get round to naming a wedding date before then? She hoped so, although he certainly seemed to be taking his time. Perhaps they could get married in heaven, if he left it too late. That would certainly be cheaper.
Arthur W. Pink|little children never get frozen by their selfishness. Like the disciples, they come just as they are, totally self-absorbed. They seldom get it right. As parents or friends, we know all that. In fact, we are delighted (most of the time!) to find out what is on their little hearts. We don’t scold them for being self-absorbed or fearful. That is just who they are.
Tony McMahon, No Place to Hide: How I Put the Black in the Union Jack|And suddenly I am blindingly angry at Raven--for her lectures, and her stubbornness, and for thinking that the way that you help people is by driving them against a wall, by beating them down until they fight back.
Heather Bixler, Breaking Pride|God didn't send His only Son to die on the cross so that we can hide behind our guilt, shame, and pride.
A.E.  Jones|Something not from earth,” Jean Luc said. The setup was too perfect. Misha looked at me, and I sighed, dreading what he would be unable to stop himself from saying next. “Live long and prosper.
Suzanne Harper, The Juliet Club|Oh my great hope, all things are possible if you have the right knowledge
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|[Mom] said she didn't want her youngest daughter dressed in the thrift-store clothes the rest of us wore. Mom told us we would have to go shoplifting. "Isn't that a sin?" I asked Mom. "Not exactly," Mom said. "God doesn't mind you bending the rules a little if you have good reason. It's sort of like justifiable homicide. This is justifiable pilfering.
M. Ageyev, Novel with Cocaine|Because I withered under the glare of an actual invitation, I was a firm believer in preventive prevarication--in other words, lying early in order to free myself later on.
Matt Gonzalez|Under the Environmental Protection Agency's Energy Star Program, homes are independently verified to be measurably more energy efficient than average houses.
Whit Stillman|My wife is cool enough to let me write about personal things, to be a songwriter exploring the shadowy sides of love.
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|Most days I live awed by the world we have still, rather than mourning the worlds we have lost. The bandit mask of a cedar waxwing on a bare branch a few feet away; the clear bright sun of a frozen winter noon; the rise of Orion in the eastern evening sky-every day, every night, I give thanks for another chance to notice. I see beauty everywhere; so much beauty I often speak it aloud. So much beauty I often laugh, and my day is made.Still if you wanted to, I think, you could feel sadness without end. I’m not even talking about hungry children or domestic violence or endless wars between supposedly grown men…but ‘you mustn’t be frightened if a sadness rises in front of you, larger than any you even seen,' said Rilke, 'you must realize that something is happening to you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in it hand and will not let you fall.
Carl R. Trueman, Reformation: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow|If we are to be biblical, then, the issue is not whether we should have a doctrine of predestination or not, but what kind we should embrace.
Thomas C. Oden, Classic Christianity: A Systematic Theology|The Church expected the Second Coming of Christ immediately, and no doubt this was so in the ordinary literal sense. But it was certainly expected also in another sense. The converts in all the cities of Asia and (soon) of Europe where the small groups were founded had known, in their conversion, one way or another, a first coming of their Redeemer. And then? And then! That was the consequent task and trouble — the then. He had come, and they adored and believed, they communicated and practiced, and waited for his further exhibition of himself. The then lasted, and there seemed to be no farther equivalent Now. Time became the individual and catholic problem. The Church had to become as catholic — as universal and as durable — as time.
Carter Quinn, Fire & Rain|If you're adult enough to have sex, you're adult enough to talk about your feelings.
Russell Evans|Assaulted as we are with so many advertisements, messages, appeals, theories, and obligations, we are in danger of losing our way, if not our sanity.We must choose just those few things that we really value. If we filter out the rest and focus on these, we can regain our perspective, and our happiness.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|All the bloodsheds in human history have been caused by men, not women.
Anthony Eldridge Rogers|Speaking is like conducting an orchestra; but instead of music, you are directing emotions.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Feelings do not always determine truth, but they can sometimes tell you what is true.
Stephen Skolnik|If you can remember me, I will be with you Today, Tomorrow and always.
Susan Juby, Alice, I Think|In the future if my mother tries to shame me with her disapproval, I will let her know in no uncertain terms that I reject her and all of her codependent baggage. I am Codependent No More.
Radclyffe Hall, The Well of Loneliness|this is only the beginning. Many die, many kill their bodies and souls, but they cannot kill the justice of God, even they cannot kill the eternal spirit. From their very degradation that spirit will rise up to demand of the world compassion and justice
Billie Jean King|This year, as we celebrate the 230th anniversary of America's independence, please remember the symbols that are sacred to this country. Fly Old Glory high and show your respect and admiration for this great nation and the values we hold dear.
Donna Lynn Hope|That is when time stands still - when you watch the one you love, walk away.
Jill Conner Browne, The Sweet Potato Queens' Big-Ass Cookbook|Rich old people are more attractive than poor old people, so by all means, try to get rich before age sets in. Otherwise, you'll just be playing catch-up for the rest of your life and that will just wear you out, let me tell you.
Simone de Beauvoir|In itself, homosexuality is as limiting as heterosexuality: the ideal should be to be capable of loving a woman or a man; either, a human being, without feeling fear, restraint, or obligation.
J.B.S. Haldane|I suppose the process of acceptance will pass through the usual four stages: i) this is worthless nonsense; ii) this is an interesting, but perverse, point of view; iii) this is true, but quite unimportant; iv) I always said so.
Fritz Chery|If Jesus is not your Lord, then Satan is.
Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through Slaughter|This last night we tear into each other, as if to wound, as if to find the key to everything before morning.
Erik Pevernagie|A piece of art comes to life, when we can feel, it is breathing, when it talks to us and starts raising questions. It may dispel biased perceptions; make us recognize ignored fragments and remember forsaken episodes of our life story. Art may sometimes even be nasty and disturbing, if we don’t want to consent to its philosophy or concept, but it might, in the end, perhaps reconcile us with ourselves. ("When is Art?")
Senri Ichinose|Masume works hard and he's very thoughtful. He likes hardships, so he's very useful.
Dr Rafiq Dar|Those who think that you have no BOSS in your own business!Indeed, you have many bosses, “ THE CLIENTS
Akshay Vasu|He built a fort around, making it impossible for anyone to go near him. And he sat near the window watching her dance in the rain, with someone else.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|As great as is the light above us, greater by far is the light within.
Robert Orben|So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|When a desire is deep, it reaches the subconscious mind and calls for cultivation of qualities that will help fulfill desires, and this is what transforms an ordinary person into a great leader.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Words give inspiration, nothing more. You want redemption? The very thing you seek inspiration for? Fight for it like your life depended on it, because it always does.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|(Ezekial saw the wheel(Way up in the middle of the air --(O Ezekial saw the wheel(Way in the middle of the air!(Now the big wheel runs by faith(And the little wheel runs by the grace of God --(The above made up by professional hope experts, you might say, because willful, voluntary, intentional hope was the only kind they had in anything like long supply. Faith is not, contrary to the usual ideas, something that turns out to be right or wrong, like a gambler's bet; it's an act, an intention, a project, something that makes you, in leaping into the future, go so far, far, far ahead that you shoot clean out of Time and right into Eternity, which is not the end of time or a whole lot of time or unending time, but timelessness, that old Eternal Now. So that you end up living not in the future ((in your intentional "act of faith")) but in the present. Afte
Lydia Davis, Varieties of Disturbance|Heart weeps.Head tries to help heart.Head tells heart how it is, again:You will lose the ones you love. They will all go. But even the earth will go, someday.Heart feels better, then.But the words of head do not remain long in the ears of heart.Heart is so new to this.I want them back, says heart.Head is all heart has.Help, head. Help heart.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Stop calling it a dream, its time to call it a plan, never relent kick-starting that plan, it will surely yield greatness
Becky Chambers|The Beetle’s body, whether it be a ’49 split or a ’73 Jeans Bug, or an ‘03 Mexican, was originally conceived in the mid 1930’s. This is evident in it’s body styling which aside from it’s rear engine layout and absence of front radiator (or radiator!) grille, is very similar to other cars of the same period. Believe it or not, in those days streamlining was a hot new concept, kind of like how wireless networking is today with computing.The only problem was, in the beginning they didn’t seem to realize that streamlining ought to be applied sideways as well as longitudinally!
Thomas E. Mann|This administration and the leadership in Congress appear to be intent on valuing wealth over work, thereby placing working families at a distinct disadvantage.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|She accused me of wearing pants from the salvation army.""Rose, your pants ARE from the salvation army.""That's SO not the point!
Robert J. Shiller|The only animals I'm not comfortable with are parrots, but I'm learning as I go. I'm getting better and better at 'em. I really am.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|One of the first and foremost duties of the teacher is not to give his students the impression that mathematical problems have little connection with each other, and no connection at all with anything else. We have a natural opportunity to investigate the connections of a problem when looking back at its solution.
Emma Cline, The Girls|The 50-50-90 rule: anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
Hina Yu|No one is on this world today to be a pessimist. They may be one for a while, but they will always turn optimistic with the help of many people. Kindness, makes everyone feel better.It's like involuntary muscles. Your involuntary muscles didn't volunteer to do this for you, for your body functions. They just do it to keep you going.Kindness isn't given simply because they chose to. It is a natural act that everyone has, even if it isn't shown all the time. It is used to save people, to let them feel loved and important. Kindness can carry people a mile.
Nic Marks, The Happiness Manifesto|Winners recognize that even when they aren’t physically selling a product, they are always selling themselves. Every human interaction is an opportunity to connect—and then to sell.
Hermann Hesse, Gertrude|All I cared about that summer were suntans, beaches, boys and booze.
Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You|But at that moment she had known, with a certainty she would never feel about anything else in her life, that it was right, that she wanted this man in her life. Something inside her said, He understands. What it's like to be different.
Darlene Ouimet| “So how’d you do it? How did you get to where you aren’t scared all the freaking time?”Erin’s smile drooped a little, tired with the effort. “You’re making an assumption,” she said. “Just hang in there. It’ll get easier.” “But not better,” Alexander said. “But not better.
Keahu Kahuanui|If I had my choice, every high school would be teaching financial literacy along with math and science.
Ron Baratono|Just because something awful happens to someone else, it doesn't mean the issues in your life should take any less importance.
Jim Butcher, Changes|But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine. Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others - even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|A lot of you cared, just not enough.
Tony Dovale|Most people are interested in success, but not COMMITTED to success, which is why 85%+ of people seldom achieve their desired level of success.
Emily Greene Balch|I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
John  Adams|At nine o'clock Mr. Shimerda lighted one of our lanterns and put on his overcoat and fur collar. He stood in the little entry hall, the lantern and his fur cap under his arm, shaking hands with us. When he took grandmother's hand, he bent over it as he always did, and said slowly, 'Good woman!' He made the sign of the cross over me, put on his cap and went off in the dark. As we turned back to the sitting-room, grandfather looked at me searchingly. 'The prayers of all good people are good,' he said quietly.
Giles Andreae|If you don't embrace who you are and accept who you are, you won't be able to live a happy life.
Vicki Grove, Rhiannon|I believe fear of what we do not know may be the devil's best tool, meant to keep us back from those we long to approach.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|But the plans were on display…”“On display? I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.”“That’s the display department.”“With a flashlight.”“Ah, well, the lights had probably gone.”“So had the stairs.”“But look, you found the notice, didn’t you?”“Yes,” said Arthur, “yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying ‘Beware of the Leopard.
Alin Sav|If people buy your story, you'll never run dry.
Kai Meyer, Arkadien brennt|Wahrscheinlich werde ich jede Nacht von dir träumen", sagte er. "Und wenn ich aufwache, weiß ich, dass der beste Teil des Tages schon vorbei ist.""Das hast du irgendwo gelesen.""Hab ich nicht.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Darkly Luminous Fight for Persephone Parker|He's Darkness. Unpleasant. I wouldn't trust him. Nor do I trust every mortal I meet. I don't know where evil comes from, and frankly it doesn't matter. Not right now. Histories and myths are renamed and reinvented eternally across the world. I can't speak to that. What I do know? This is your story.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|We are against ignorance. We feel that you have to educate yourself, no matter what the situation is. People who refuse to educate themselves - people who refuse to find out what something is about, that they're frightened of - find comfort in being ignorant.”--Zeena Schreck Interview for KJTV-1990
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Fenchurch had red mullet and said it was delicious.Arthur had a swordfish steak and said it made him angry. He grabbed a passing waitress by the arm and berated her.“Why’s this fish so bloody good?” he demanded, angrily.
James Houston Turner|As you think and act, so your world becomes.
David Sedaris|Christmas is the season for kindling the fire of hospitality in the hall, the genial flame of charity in the heart. 
Narendra Modi|Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.
David Duchovny|My evidence that I am saved does not lie in the fact that I preach, or that I do this or that. All my hope lies in this: that Jesus Christ came to save sinners. I am a sinner, I trust Him, then He came to save me, and I am saved.
Nalini Singh, Visions of Heat|How do you know it'll be pleasurable?" He got on the bed and lay down.Breath a whisper, she came closer and tied one wrist to the headboard. The cat growled but didn't try to make him wrench free."Because just looking at you gives me the most extreme pleasure I've ever felt.""Christ, baby, tie me up before you start talking like that.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|Grandpa would go for strolls alone through the pastures where meadowlarks and grasshoppers flew like broken-winged birds, where rabbits constructed their havens, and where thick-coated coyotes and red-tailed foxes sniffed and searched them out.
Mike Alsford, Heroes and Villains|Heroes are those who can somehow resist the power of the situation and act out of noble motives, or behave in ways that do not demean others when they easily can.
Mark Twain|I went to Maui to stay a week and remained five. I never spent so pleasant a month before, or bade any place goodbye so regretfully. I have not once thought of business, or care or human toil or trouble or sorrow or weariness, and the memory of it will remain with me always.
Lynne Truss, Eats, Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation|To those who care about punctuation, a sentence such as "Thank God its Friday" (without the apostrophe) rouses feelings not only of despair but of violence. The confusion of the possessive "its" (no apostrophe) with the contractive "it's" (with apostrophe) is an unequivocal signal of illiteracy and sets off a Pavlovian "kill" response in the average stickler.
Tom Holt, Lucia Triumphant|The irony of life is like a brothel without prostitutes--but don't you worry, prostitutes don't need of a brothel, to exercise their profession.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! The morning sun, I am grateful for your light and warmth. Oh! The pristine nature, I am grateful for your beauty and life sustaining air. Oh! The river and oceans, I am grateful for your generosity and water for thirst. Oh! The vast sky, I am grateful for your vastness and deepness of love.
Gustave Flaubert, Flaubert in Egypt: A Sensibility on Tour|So long as there is gold underneath, who cares about the dust on top? Literature! That old whore! We must try to dose her with mercury and pills and clean her out from top to bottom, she has been so ultra-screwed by filthy pricks!
Neil deGrasse Tyson|You can't train kids in a world where adults have no concept of what science literacy is. The adults are gonna squash the creativity that would manifest itself, because they're clueless about what it and why it matters. But science can always benefit from the more brains there are that are thinking about it - but that's true for any field.
G.J. Walker-Smith|I know women are supposed to stand on their own and all. I get that. But every once in a while it doesn't hurt to wish for a fairy godmother, a little magic, and a happy ending.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Consider the subtleness of the sea; how its most dreaded creatures glide under water, unapparent for the most part, and treacherously hidden beneath the loveliest tints of azure..... Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle , and most docile earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a materialistic society, man is likely to value the opinion of a rich man over that of a poor one; even when coming to opinions that have absolutely nothing to do with moneymaking.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|The scene is memory and is therefore nonrealistic. Memory takes a lot of poetic license. It omits some details; others are exaggerated, according to the emotional value of the articles it touches, for memory is seated predominantly in the heart.
Soul Dancer, Pay Me What I'm Worth|Mind chatter: a clatter of left-brain rains of doubt, worry, guilt, shame in a thunderstorm of fear. Forgive the chatter, clear your mind.
Michael Mann|The key thing about force protection is... if you focus too much on force protection, and you disengage yourself from the community, you're putting yourself at greater risk because you need to interact with the community in a positive way to gain the intelligence you need.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|If I paint a wild horse, you might not see the horse... but surely you will see the wildness!
Cora Carmack, Finding It|No, I don't think I've been defiled. But I haven't been saved, either. There's nobody who can save me right now, Mr. Wind-Up Bird. The world looks totally empty to me. Everything I see around me looks fake. The only thing thay isn't fake is that gooshy thing inside me.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?''I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.
Heidi Schulz, Hook's Revenge|Do not humiliate people, shame is a lifetime lasting effect that can be nursed but can never be cured.
Philip Yancey|I'm sure mothers are important across every culture, but particularly in Korean society, the role of the mother is of great importance.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|What troubles us much, is of less importance to what troubles us much that invokes our thought, heart, spirit and body to dare to a live distinctive footprint on earth
Katherine Rundell|I wasn’t afraid of your average dark alley. I had standard Agency-issue spells in my coat and a nine millimeter in my purse for dealing with the less dangerous pests, but even I knew you have to be careful with an upset woman.
Lou Doillon|I think day care is terrific. Kids get to be around other kids, and they're playing, and they're teaching each other. When I was in college, my summer job was being a preschool teacher. I loved it, and after that experience, I said I can't wait to put my kid in day care because I could see how much they loved it.
Mary Crocker Cook, Afraid to Let Go. for Parents of Adult Addicts and Alcoholics|Avoiding awareness of our own reality is often an attempt to deny thoughts, desires, or intentions that we feel will threaten or contradict the needs of those with whom we feel strong attachment. We instinctively hide feelings and thoughts we assume would be threatening to other people, and might cause them to leave us. . . People who learned early in life to adapt to parental needs to an extent that we were unable to focus on our own developmental tasks and needs will often continue to play out this working mode” of conditional attachment. “You will attach to me as long as I meet your needs.
Ally Carter, Heist Society|Annabeth wanted to sob. She wanted someone, anyone to be here for her. She wanted Leo with his fire skills, or Jason with his lightning, or Hazel to collapse the tunnel. Most of all she wanted Percy. She always felt braver when Percy was with her.
Stephen Fry|I used to think it utterly normal that I suffered from “suicidal ideation” on an almost daily basis. In other words, for as long as I can remember, the thought of ending my life came to me frequently and obsessively.
Jessie Jones, Rubbish boyfriends|Chances don't approach you,it's you who approach chances.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|I agree with Varner and Scruton that the more one thinks of one's life as a story that has chapters still to be written, and the more one hopes for achievements yet to come, the more one has to lose by being killed. For this reason, when there is an irreconcilable conflict between the basic survival needs of animals and of normal humans, it is not speciesist to give priority to the lives of those with a biographical sense of their life and a stronger orientation towards the future.
Jonathan Darman, Landslide: LBJ and Ronald Reagan at the Dawn of a New America|Culture always tells you to look to illusions for answers. ‘Look at me’, it says, ‘I’ve worked it all out’. Celebrities grow too powerful because people mistake their colour for content. They allow them to create a hole at the heart of our culture, in which they then flourish.
Dan Wilbur, How Not to Read: Harnessing the Power of a Literature-Free Life|Roses are red, Violettes are bllue,Valentines day is consumerous crap,now don't you have ironing to do"Unlikely thing to read in a valentines day card
Jeroninio Almeida, Karma Kurry for the Mind, Body, Heart & Soul|As we have likely recognized by now, no two snowflakes, trees, or animals are alike. No two people are the same, either. Everything has its own Inner Nature. Unlike other forms of life, though, people are easily led away from what's right for them, because people have Brain, and Brain can be fooled. Inner Nature, when relied on, cannot be fooled. But many people do not look at it or listen to it, and consequently do not understand themselves very much. Having little understanding of themselves, they have little respect for themselves, and are therefore easily influenced by others.  But rather than be carried along by circumstances and manipulated by those who can see the weaknesses and behavior tendencies that we ignore, we can work with our own characteristics and be in control of our own lives. The Way of Self-Reliance starts with recognizing who we are, what we've got to work with, and what works best for us.
Poppy Delevingne|I went to an all-girls school for part of high school, and the idea of boys was amazing to me; like, all I ever wanted to do was kiss boys and be around boys.
Sunday Adelaja|The less you obey the Word of God, the more you distance yourself from God in the spiritual realm
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Of all the women he knew, she had meant the most; and was the one person in his life he felt he had missed, in some ways.
Jeanette Winterson, The Powerbook|You had once asked me if I was afraid of death. I said I was afraid of not living. I don’t want to eke out my life like a resource in short supply. The only selfish life is a timid one. To hold back, to withdraw, to keep the best in reserve, both overvalues the self, and undervalues what the self is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We breathe, exist and move in the Lord.
André Alexis, The Hidden Keys|In our broad sweep, the city looks like a single gigantic creature - or more like a single collective entity created by many intertwining organism. Countless arteries stretch to the ends of its elusive body, circulating a continuous supply of fresh blood cells, sending out new data and collecting the old, sending out new consumables and collecting the old, sending out new contradictions and collecting the old. To the rhythm of its pulsing, all parts of the body flicker and flare up and squirm. Midnight is approaching, and while the peak of activity has passed, the basal metabolism that maintains life continues undiminished, producing the basso continuo of the city's moan, a monotonous sound that neither rises nor falls but is pregnant with foreboding.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Your skill is the artistry you bring to your world, put out awe inspiring work.
Gene Kranz|To recognize that the greatest error is not to have tried and failed, but that in trying, we did not give it our best effort
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Whenever one comes to the the table for interreligous dialogue, there is what I would call an _ecumenical taboo_ that one has to comply with. The ecumenical taboo_ does not exist in a written document, but people tend to practice it around the dialogue table. One should not raise, for instance, such questions as gender justice, sexual orientation issues, religious constructions of the other, multiple forms of violence in a religious community, or religious cooperation with neo/imperialism. each religion has its own _history of sin_ that has justified and perpetuated oppression and exclusion of certain groups of people through its own religious teaching, doctrine, and practice. In order to be _nice_ and _tolerant_ to one another, interreligious dialogue has not challenged the fundamental issues of injustice that a particular religion has practiced, justified, and perpetuated in various ways. I do not disregard that most ecumenists have based interreligious dialogue on a politics of tolerance, and this has played a significant role in easing the antagonism between religions, at least among the leaders of established religions. However, we should ground an authentic ecumenism and theology of religion in a _politics of affirmation and transformation, rather than a politics of tolerance_.
Sahara Sanders|To be successful, any business requires a concentrated investment of time and energy; wherein each stage of the development has its tactics and priorities, in regards to which activities and when it makes sense to invest the efforts in.
Joseph Shellim, Ben Hur II: Exile|We came to save the sacred writings. - Essenes to Eleazar, on collecting the Dead Sea Scrolls from the burning Temple. Jerusalem, 70 CE.
Roger Scruton, Fools, Frauds and Firebrands: Thinkers of the New Left|One of the curious aspects of the Twenty-First Century was the great delusion amongst many people, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, that freedom of speech and freedom of expression were best exercised on technological platforms owned by corporations dedicated to making as much money as possible.
Swami Dhyan Giten|When you come to the ultimate experience in meditation, when you come to your deepest core, you are no one. You are a vast emptiness.You can become afraid in meditation, because the deeper you go in meditation, the more you realize that you are nobody, a nothingness. It is a death of the ego. That is why people become afraid of meditation.
G.K. Chesterton|The charm of your society, my Sparrow, lies in not knowing what you will say next – though one rapidly learns to expect the worst!
Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo|When we are angry, when we are excited, when we are depressed, when we are elated, we are completely submerged in and identified with those thoughts and feelings. This is why we suffer. We suffer because we are completely identified with our thoughts and feelings and we think this is me. This is who I am.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as kashay’s (anger, pride, deceit, greed) do not go away, you have not attained God’s religion even a little bit. Religion of the vitarags [the enlightened ones] means absence of kashay (anger, pride, deceit, greed).
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|One has to get rid of the self. Once the self is thrown away, nothing is lacking. You start overflowing and blossoms start falling on you.
Mark W. Boyer|I am not smart, I pay attention.I am not considerate, I listen.I am not patient, I make time. I’m not lucky, I work hard.
Jane Austen|A dog to vomit does turn,A fool to folly but return,The wise err and learn,Gaining from each burn.
Todrick Hall|Phoenix is an interesting example. Drive around and see the golf courses everywhere, and you see people's big green lawns. And you live in a desert! I've always remarked about the capacity of human beings to look at somewhere and move there because of its uniqueness and its beauty and then change it.
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, John Halifax, Gentleman|Globally, democracies have also acted in ways that suggest an outright renunciation of their principles at home.
V.S. Naipaul|paradise seemed further away than India, but Hell had become a bit closer
Trieste Kelly Dunn|It was considered oh, not proper for children to go to the movies.
Alicia Keys|The financial crisis should not become an excuse to raise taxes, which would only undermine the economic growth required to regain our strength.
Nurudeen Ushawu|Sometimes one really need to have a spiritual eyes and mind, to be able to see and understand somethings
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Human body consists of nearly 60% of water. So, wasting of water is like destroying human life.
Santonu Kumar Dhar, Life of Love|Although they are often called cabarets, and occasionally there is even strip-dancing involved, you shouldn't associate them with merrymaking or extravaganza...
Truth Devour, Wantin|If a little hill of happiness would satisfy Chris, good for him. Butafter all these years of striving, hoping, dreaming, longing-I wanted amountain high! A hill wasn't enough.
Vanessa Paradis|We need to teach our kids, because there is such a celebrity culture at the moment, that however rich you are, however famous you are, however glamorous you are, everyone has to live by the same rules.
Ramana Pemmaraju|After every unladylike action, there must be an equal and opposite reaction. Consider the necessary, analyze the consequences, clean up the mess.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|It was during this terrible night that the three wounded died, and the jeeps froze solid.
Willowy Whisper, The Letter|I dreamt that I was old. And you – you were beside me.Forever young – in your hand, a cup of stars.
Neil Gaiman|This is how you do it: you sit down at the keyboard and you put one word after another until its done. It's that easy, and that hard.
Ethan Hawke|To me, there's so much talent in the world that's locked out for the wrong reasons, whether it's innovators at the highest end where we need to change the regulation systems, or whether it's the talented people who work here who the bureaucracy's holding back, or the amazing American people.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have nothing to lose, only to live.
Trevor Noah|I am angry about the mammoth, out-of-control social welfare entitlement programs from Washington, D.C., that were supposed to solve our problems. The obvious truth is these impractical, politically motivated programs have irreparably damaged the fabric of our black society and community.
Matthew Paul Turner, Our Great Big American God: A Short History of Our Ever-Growing Deity|After death something new begins, over which all powers of the world of death have no more might.
Dorothy Parker|There's a hell of a distance between wise-cracking and wit. Wit has truth in it; wise-cracking is simply calisthenics with words.", Summer 1956]
Flora Lewis|I am a woman in process. I'm just trying like everybody else. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull.
Libby Cudmore, The Big Rewind|There isn't a better feeling in the world—not an orgasm, not a first kiss, not even that glorious soaring sensation you get when those first few notes of a new song pierce your chest and fill your whole body with absolute bliss—than acknowledgment that your mix tape was not only received and played but enjoyed. It's a dance of sorts, balancing songs you think the listener will love while trying to say everything that otherwise dries up in your throat before you can get out the words.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|My love for her was close to piety. You may think it strange that I should use this word, with its religious connotation, to describe my feeling towards a woman. But even now I believe—and I believe it very strongly—that true love is not so far removed from religious faith.
Euginia Herlihy|Sexual attraction is common, Mind rapport is a blessing, and a Soul connection is a gift from the Divine."-Serena Jade
W.B. Yeats|BELOVED, gaze in thine own heart, The holy tree is growing there; From joy the holy branches start, And all the trembling flowers they bear. The changing colours of its fruit Have dowered the stars with merry light; The surety of its hidden root Has planted quiet in the night; The shaking of its leafy head Has given the waves their melody, And made my lips and music wed, Murmuring a wizard song for thee. There the Loves a circle go, The flaming circle of our days, Gyring, spiring to and fro In those great ignorant leafy ways; Remembering all that shaken hair And how the wingèd sandals dart, Thine eyes grow full of tender care: Beloved, gaze in thine own heart. Gaze no more in the bitter glass The demons, with their subtle guile, Lift up before us when they pass, Or only gaze a little while; For there a fatal image grows That the stormy night receives, Roots half hidden under snows, Broken boughs and blackened leaves. For all things turn to barrenness In the dim glass the demons hold, The glass of outer weariness, Made when God slept in times of old. There, through the broken branches, go The ravens of unresting thought; Flying, crying, to and fro, Cruel claw and hungry throat, Or else they stand and sniff the wind, And shake their ragged wings; alas! Thy tender eyes grow all unkind: Gaze no more in the bitter glass.- The Two Trees
Jennifer Sweete, Dear Sandy - The letter that wrote itself into a Book|As surely as wherever the darkness is not, there you will find the light; wherever the ego is not, there you will find the soul.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|I prefer my history dead. Dead history is writ in ink, the living sort in blood.""Do you want to die old and craven in your bed?""How else? Though not till I'm done reading.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|Is this some kind of joke?""That's for me to know and you to find out.""Maybe you think it's funny to put up signs about people who want to commit sui
Thomas J. Watson|If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|I brooded over it. If it had been any other dream, I would have ignored it. But it was one of those dreams. One of those purple dreams. One of those dreams that had an unusual tendency to come true.
Patricia Briggs, Dead Heat|I don't say goodbye very easily, Anna. Not gracefully or prettily.Goodbye tears your heart out and leaves it a feast for carrion birds who happen by.
Stanisław Lem, The Cyberiad|...To trust in the strength of God in our weakness; to say, ‘I am weak: so let me be: God is strong;’ to seek from him who is our life, as the natural, simple cure of all that is amiss with us, power to do, and be, and live, even when we are weary,—this is the victory that overcometh the world.To believe in God our strength in the face of all seeming denial, to believe in him out of the heart of weakness and unbelief, in spite of numbness and weariness and lethargy; to believe in the wide-awake real, through all the stupefying, enervating, distorting dream;to will to wake, when the very being seems athirst for a godless repose;—these are the broken steps up to the high fields where repose is but a form of strength, strength but a form of joy, joy but a form of love.‘I am weak,’ says the true soul, ‘but not so weak that I would not be strong; not so sleepy that I would not see the sun rise; not so lame but that I would walk! Thanks be to him who perfects strength in weakness, and gives to his beloved while they sleep!
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|When a feeling hits, keep breathing. Let air flow through your body. Let your heart beat as it always faithfully does. And let the feeling pass through you. Maybe it will be momentary, or maybe it will spend the night. But it will not last forever. If you can be with it, sit with it, even if “it” brings a lot of discomfort, that feeling will keep moving. It will move through you, and you will move on. You will move forward.
Thomas Howes|The 6th of August in the morning we saw an opening in the land and we ran into it, and anchored in 7 and a half fathom water, 2 miles from the shore, clean sand.
Paula Hawkins|The great thing in these cases is to keep an absolutely open mind. Most crimes, you see, are so absurdly simple.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders will love to be poor and see their people rich, than to be rich and see their people poor. This is their mission.
Mohiro Kitoh, Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 11|Through Jung [Pauli] became very interested in various kinds of mysticism, including Jewish mysticism. This led Pauli to develop a friendship with Gershom Scholem, the world's greatest authority in that field and in the Cabala, .... On one occasion Scholem asked me to tell him about unsolved problems in modern physics. .... When I mentioned this number --137-- to Scholem, .... He told me that in Hebrew .... The number corresponding to the word 'cabala' happens to be 137.
Cherie Priest, Maplecroft|Jackson," he mused. "Not a name either one of you was born to."Lizzie answered, "No. But beyond a certain point, names become accessories. We swap them out as needed, for the sake of peace. You understand?""I understand. Though I disagree. Names aren't hats to change a look, or a suit to be swapped at a whim. Words mean things.""Then we must agree to disagree.
Anthony T.Hincks|Soberly teach the enlightened souls the reality that they will be rejected by the massively ignorant, for the unpopular, absolute truths they style their lives with...in a confident know-show.
Joyce Meyer|There's so much about Dolly Parton that every female artist should look to, whether it's reading her quotes or reading her interviews or going to one of her live shows. She's been such an amazing example to every female songwriter out there.
Ellen Hopkins, Tricks|How rough your hands still are.”Embarrassed, she made to pull them away, but he held them fast. “Yet never have I longed to kiss any woman’s hands as I long to kiss these.
David Nicholls, One Day|Travel is useful, it exercises the imagination. All the rest is disappointment and fatigue. Our journey is entirely imaginary. That is its strength.It goes from life to death. People, animals, cities, things, all are imagined. It's a novel, just a fictitious narrative. Littre says so and he's never wrong.And besides, in the first place, anyone can do as much. You just have to close your eyes.It's on the other side of life.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Whether it is north or south, alcohol affects both health and wealth.
John Rachel|Where I grew up, women’s liberation was when you let a chick out of her cage for 15 minutes so she could stretch her legs.
Sarah Winman|We are images of Adonai, and are responsible for one another, and for taking care of all on earth created by Adonai: just as Adonai is responsible for everything created. We learned to differentiate between good and evil. We can even create order out of chaos, as Adonai did on day one. We not only procreate, but also teach the next generations. (Deuteronomy 6:7). All of these abilities and responsibilities, we inherited when created in the image of Adonai. Every person also has a spark of Adonai within. We can choose to ignore this, or to embrace this. We have the power of choice. With this great power, comes great responsibility. You see, not only were we given the ability to reason, but also, we have the ability to create a new and different future, because we have the ability to change, both ourselves, and the world.
Johncen-k.m.f Vergara|A relationship is like a tree.The deeper the roots are,the more it will grow.The deeper the friendship is,the more it will grow.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|Harry looked at him and you could see the murder come in his face. ... Harry didn't say anything, but you could see the killing go out of his face and his eyes came open natural again.
Edmund White|Well, my view before was a Western view, and I certainly understand marriage equality and civil rights, equal rights for all, but having visited developing nations and some of the poorest nations in the world, I realize how deep it goes and how much work really needs to be done to create equality for all.
Deyth Banger|I feel so horrible, but you won't believe what I know. What you think "I have done", you have done it you can't fight this, it's not over and it won't be over!
Donal Ryan, The Spinning Heart|Snakes don't have fuckin' legs, so how was I supposed to think there'd be one hidin' in the face of a damn rock that's ten feet below the summit?
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Every few weeks she would shut herself up in her room, put on her scribbling suit, and fall into a vortex, as she expressed it, writing away at her novel with all her heart and soul, for till that was finished she could find no peace.
amy litzelman|Jesus lived a life of deep meditation. If thoughts and words were physical objects, meditation would be the act of holding, examining, taking apart, tasting, smelling, listening to, and savoring in order to study and become one.
Frances Mayes, Under the Tuscan Sun|The secret of good cooking is, first, having a love of it… If you’re convinced that cooking is drudgery, you’re never going to be good at it, and you might as well warm up something frozen.
David A. Koop|Everyday is a good day, even when things are hard because we are still here, still fighting to live among the latter.
Susie Orbach|If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!
Caterina Murino|Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I know what it is: it's a green mamba snake away up in the tree. You don't have to be afraid of them anymore because you are one. They lie so still on the tree branch; they are the same everything as the tree. You could be right next to one and not even know. It's so quiet there. That's just exactly what I want to go and be, when I have to disappear. Your eyes will be little and round but you are so far up there you can look down and see the whole world, Mama and everybody. The tribes of Ham, Shem, and Japheth all together. Finally you are the highest one of all.
Solange nicole|i also dislike people who try to talk down to my understanding. they are like people who when walking with you try to shorten their steps to suit yours, hypocrisy in both cases is equally exasperating.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|I think the real problem is that you're afraid. Afraid of real love, and what it looks like, because you don't know what it is. The thing is, love is a risk, no matter what. It's just a risk you don't need to be afraid of taking.
Ana Tijoux|The stars look the same from night to night. Nebulae and galaxies are dully immutable, maintaining the same overall appearance for thousands or millions of years. Indeed, only the sun, moon and planets - together with the occasional comet, asteroid or meteor - seem dynamic.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|If there is one thing worse than self-pity, it was other people's pity.
Daphne Oz|After my first week of no wheat, my stomachaches were gone, my mucous cleared up, and I felt incredibly energetic. My headaches were also less frequent and less severe, and I had lost 3 pounds, most of it swelling and water weight my body had been holding onto as part of its response to the wheat products in my diet.
Yuna|Life will take its toll on all of us. We get injured, we get old. It's really sad to try to run away from these harsh realities of life. Looks are not everything. I am not going to look beautiful all the time.
John Barth, The End of the Road|Now many crises in people’s lives occur because the hero role that they’ve assumed for one situation or set of situations no longer applies to some new situation that comes up, or–the same thing in effect–because they haven’t the imagination to distort the new situation to fit their old role. This happens to parents, for instance, when their children grow older, and to lovers when one of them begins to dislike the other. If the new situation is too overpowering to ignore, and they can’t find a mask to meet it with, they may become schizophrenic–a last-resort mask–or simply shattered. All questions of integrity involve this consideration, because a man’s integrity consists in being faithful to the script he’s written for himself.	“I’ve said you’re too unstable to play any one part all the time–you’re also too unimaginative–so for you these crises had better be met by changing scripts as often as necessary. This should come naturally to you; the important thing for you is to realize what you’re doing so you won’t get caught without a script, or with the wrong script in a given situation. You did quite well, for example, for a beginner, to walk in here so confidently and almost arrogantly a while ago, and assign me the role of a quack. But you must be able to change masks at once if by some means or other I’m able to make the one
Sunday Adelaja|Can we be clear about who we are, what we want? Can we be fully present in our truth, and communicate that? Can we understand each other?
Theodore Roosevelt|No hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|She smiled smugly. “We came to an agreement, the duck and I.
Esther Rolle|I love a woman in a tuxedo, or in a dress, who looks comfortable, relaxed, happy. I'd love to dress Daphne Guinness - she has exactly that attitude.
Seth Lloyd, Programming the Universe: A Quantum Computer Scientist Takes on the Cosmos|In the beginning, there was physics. "Physics" describes how matter, energy, space, and time behave and interact with one another. The interplay of these characters in our cosmic drama underlies all biological and chemical phenomena. Hence everything fundamental and familiar to us earthlings begins with, and rests upon, the laws of physics. When we apply these laws to astronomical settings, we deal with physics writ large, which we call astrophysics.
Anthony T. Hincks|The joy of having no friends is that I can do anything I want; when I want.The downside is, that I have no one to share it with.
Gabriel Mann|I started as a journalist for magazines in New York City, so it was always storytelling. And moving into movies was a natural transition.
Edna O'Brien|Writers are always anxious, always on the run--from the telephone, from responsibilities, from the distractions of the world.
Pablo Neruda, The Poetry of Pablo Neruda|They were silent, humiliated by this return of the defeated, furious at their own silence, but the more it was prolonged the less capable they were of breaking it.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Sacrifice” and “self” both begin with the same letter, but the spelling is way different after that.
Sean Patrick Brennan, Heaven, Hell, and the Planet in Between: Book 1: The Uniter|It's an unholy crusade against good people everywhere, all in my name. If I had a stomach, I'd be sick to it. You see now why so many good people just give up out there? You can only take so much evil pretending to be good. You can only handle so many broken souls acting as if good people are the evil ones, before you raise your hands and claim defeat. But I want you all to understand something. There is evil happening. There are spirits from Hell demonizing. There are even wars planned, and dark judgments justified by the self-righteous fanatics. But none of that means good can't also triumph. None of that means good cannot rise up against hatred, against judgment, against the armies of Hell itself, and bring about a tidal wave of joy and love. Evil does, but good always is.
Meera Uberoi, Leadership Secrets From The Mahabharata|Readiness for action is the root of all kingly duties. Listen to the verse sung by Vrihaspati: By exertion the amrita was obtained, by exertion the asuras were slain and by exertion Indra obtained sovereignity in heaven and on earth. The heroes of exertion are superior to the heroes of speech. The heroes of speech gratify the heroes of exertion.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|I am wired by nature to love the same toys that the world loves. I start to fit in. I start to love what others love. I start to call earth "home." Before you know it, I am calling luxeries "needs" and using my money just the way unbelievers do. I begin to forget the war. I don't think much about people perishing. Missions and unreached people drop out of my mind. I stop dreaming about the triumphs of grace. I sink into a secular mind-set that looks first to what man can do, not what God can do. It is a terrible sickness. And I thank God for those who have forced me again and again toward a wartime mind-set.
David Hume, Selected Essays|I began to entertain a suspicion, that no man in this age was sufficiently qualified for such an undertaking; and that whatever any one should advance on that head would, in all probability, be refuted by further experience, and be rejected by posterity. Such mighty revolutions have happened in human affairs, and so many events have arisen contrary to the expectation of the ancients, that they are sufficient to beget the suspicion of still further changes.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|Shattered legs may heal in time, but some betrayals fester and poison the soul.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|All our failures makes us change our lives, but our changes will always be in our memories.
Travis Bradberry|I always write 'Magic Potion' on my perfume bottles so when I use them, it feels magical - I make spells in the morning when I put them on.
Erica Jong|Critics write out of intellectual exercise, not poets. Poets write straight from the heart.
Michael Cimino|I met Hugh Jackman, and I was like, 'I love your movies!' And, of course, he asked, 'Which one?' A reasonable question, but I blanked completely. In that moment, I couldn't remember a single film that Hugh Jackman had done. So I copped out. 'The recent one!' And that was one of his biggest disasters. Well done, me.
Lizzie Ashworth, A Gift for Jarrod|No use kidding herself. This situation with Jarrod was a slippery slope. She’d had plenty of men since Sam, attractive, well endowed, charming in many ways. Jarrod was different, and she needed to figure out why before she found herself in the middle of stupid. She had a business to think of, people who depended on her for their livelihood, even more people present and future who needed the services she offered. It wasn’t just a job, damn it, it was a mission. No one should be as out of touch with themselves as thoroughly as she had been. For as long.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|The Thought of Death. It gives me a melancholy happiness to live in the midst of this confusion of streets, of necessities, of voices: how much enjoyment, impatience and desire, how much thirsty life and drunkenness of life comes to light here every moment! And yet it will soon be so still for all these shouting, lively, life- loving people! How everyone's shadow, his gloomy travelling companion stands behind him! It is always as in the last moment before the departure of an emigrant- ship: people have more than ever to say to one another, the hour presses, the ocean with its lonely silence waits impatiently behind all the noise-so greedy, so certain of its prey! And all, all, suppose that the past has been nothing, or a small matter, that the near future is everything: hence this haste, this crying, this self-deafening and self-overreaching! Everyone wants to be foremost in this future-and yet death and the stillness of death are the only things certain and common to all in this future! How strange that this sole thing that is certain and common to all, exercises almost no influence on men, and that they are the furthest from regarding themselves as the brotherhood of death! It makes me happy to see that men do not want to think at all of the idea of death! I would fain do something to make the idea of life to us to be more than friends in the sense of that sublime possibility. And so we will believe in our even a hundred times more worthy of their attention.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|You know I love you right?”“I know,” he breathed, his arm tightening automatically around my waist. “You know how much I wish it was enough.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If you were stranded in the ocean in a small boat with a paddle, I’d tell you to pray to God, but row for the shore!
Ron Brackin|Everything begins to feel right when we see the world in a different way."Living Beyond the Five Senses
Mariska Hargitay|What I wear is a reflection of where I am going and how I am feeling. If I'm in a good mood, it's got to be cashmere and jeans - just something comfy, soft and warm. When I'm down, I might find something that I haven't worn for a while that was bought for me - or wear a brooch or a pair of shoes that are like old friends.
Emma Goldman, Anarchism and Other Essays|Only humans can hurt one another, Ada thought; only humans falter and betray one another with a stunning, fearsome frequency. As David's family had done to him; as David had done to her. And Ada would do it too. She would fail other people throughout her life, inevitably, even those she loved best.
James Rozoff|We have created a world we don’t like, don’t understand and don’t trust, and we are too frightened to try to change it.
C.D. Bell, Weregirl|Everything was glowing and shining, and she herself was flying inside that glow. She could do anything. Be anything.
Mary J. Koral, The Year The Trees Didn't Die|... the kids, they took us places we never would have gone to on our own. Some times were great... some times were wretched... And there was still no guarantee, no bulletproof glass, safety net, steel-toed boots, anything at all that would promise more good moments... so was it enough? It was.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|If your blade were as sharp as your tongue, you'd have sliced my through years ago.
Lily Gardner, A Bitch Called Hope|about Tommy, you went through your whole life craving these little pockets of time and missing them for more time than you had them.
James Wan|The whole world loves American movies, blue jeans, jazz and rock and roll. It is probably a better way to get to know our country than by what politicians or airline commercials represent.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Then she told herself to stop her nonsense. If you looked for things to make you feel hurt and wretched and unnecessary, you were certain to find them, more easily each time, so easily, soon, that you did not even realize you had gone out searching.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Every test successfully met is rewarded by some growth in intuitive knowledge, strengthening of character, or initiation into a higher consciousness.
James Patterson|Do you ever miss it, not being a doctor anymore?" I shook my head, frowned a little. "I really don't. Something delicate and essential broke inside me when Isabella died. It will never be repaired, Kyle, at least I don't think so. I couldn't be a doctor now. I find it hard to believe in healing anymore.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the darkest time, I have always believed, the light will shine.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The only place we can find a clear, i unmistakable message is in the Word of God [the Bible].
Alin Sav|If you want to change your nation, you have to start a conversation.
|The only person who could succeed in dethroning you from the throne that God has placed you on, is nobody else but you. So, sit comfortably with a mind full of positive thoughts and beliefs, and dare not to ever betray yourself.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|When you are old and grey and full of sleep  And nodding by the fire, take down this book,  And slowly read, and dream of the soft look Your eyes had once, and of their shadows deep
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|He was a sceptic, he was young, abstract, and therefore cruel.
Emily Giffin, Where We Belong|exemplar, n.It's always something we have to negotiate- the face that my parents are happy, and yours have never been. I have something to live up to, and if I fail, I still have a family to welcome me home. You have a storyline to rewrite, and a lack of faith that it can ever be done.You love my parents, I know. But you never get too close. You never truly believe there aren't bad secrets underneath.
Michelle Diener, The Emperor's Conspiracy|I’m so far from lucky, I’m kissing its ass from the other side.
Dorothy Day, The Reckless Way of Love: Notes on Following Jesus|The arduous nature of practical Christianity makes so many people choose theoretical Christianity! Both are however good, but the former is weightier, noble and solemn than the later! Many are called, but few are dedicated!
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|... Whoever becomes master of a city accustomed to live in freedom and does no destroy it, may reckon on being destroyed by it. For if it should rebel, it can always screen itself under the name of liberty and its ancient laws, which no length of time, nor any benefit conferred will ever cause it to forget; and do what you will, and take what care you may, unless the inhabitants be scattered and dispersed, this name, and the old order of things, will never cease to be remembered...
David Brier, The Lucky Brand|Look at every ‘revolutionary’ brand or category killer, it had an app, or a feature, or a functionality, or a user experience nobody else at that point could offer. I refer to this as ‘the Killer App’ principle.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|The mirror will only lie, when you look at it through a mask.
C. JoyBell C.|What did I tell you about plastic ties? Only for humans, Julie murmured.If you don't listen to me, I can't teach you anything.
Clifford Odets, Golden Boy|It was like leading people to the edge of a cliff, showing them the view, and then shoving them off.
Jeanette Winterson|Everyone’s talking about the death and disappearance of the book as a format and an object. I don’t think that will happen. I think whatever happens, we have to figure out a way to protect our imaginations. Stories and poetry do that. You need a language in this world. People want words, they want to hear their situation in language, and find a way to talk about it. It allows you to find a language to talk about your own pain.If you give kids a language, they can use it. I think that’s what these educators fear. If you really educate these kids, they aren’t going to punch you in the face, they are going to challenge you with your own language.
Gail Kelly|If I had a personal wish for the new ideas in this new book it would be that every parent, every counselor, every teacher, every professor, every sports coach that deals with young people would understand the three circle concept.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Until you are willing to learn the lessons, pay attention to details, and become patient with yourself, you will keep repeating the same patterns over and over again.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|When it comes to Vought, or any corporate outfit really, all that counts to them is profit. They send their kids on planes built by the lowest bidder. They travel on the fuckin' things themselves. Company jets or first class, they still go on 'em. Safety costs. Money's God.
Cecibel Contreras, Rainbows in the Dark|No one escapes the wounding of the soul. You, much like me may have many questions of a painful past and focus on that pain. Maybe you have sought love and affection only to be used and left empty inside. Even now you close yourself off determined never to be hurt again so no one will ever see the beauty that lies within. I want to tell you as a woman or man you are highly valued in the eyes of God. You are His Crowning jewel of all creation. You are the pearl. We are all pearls of great value.
Faith Baldwin, Evening Star|The plan of Nature is progress and for any progress mankind must pay a price. It is quite evident to me that man must pay for everything except for the natural beauty of the landscape, which, if he is fortunate enough to live where it still exists, is free. Beauty has always existed and always will. Man has destroyed much of it, but he can never destroy all. The oceans are unchanged and the rivers still flow, even though some of them are laden with pollution, and some overflow, and others are less brimful than they were. The mountains stand. Man has made changes, he builds highways, cuts down trees, deflects a river's course as well as poisons it, yet beauty remains.Therefore, I think we should take time to enjoy what we can see of it.
Antonio G. Kowatsch|Reiterating other people's hopes, dreams and fears. That's what politics is all about.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|We, human beings , are strong because we are capable of change .
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|That’s the thing about depression. When I feel it deeply, I don’t want to let it go. It becomes a comfort. I want to cloak myself under its heavy weight and breathe it into my lungs. I want to nurture it, grow it, cultivate it. It’s mine. I want to check out with it, drift asleep wrapped in its arms and not wake up for a long, long time.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|As soon as you are filled with awareness, the first thing that will happen is you will begin to see misery, the hell around you. Because you are the one who has created it. However, if you remain courageous and pass through the misery consciously, you will have cut the crop. You won’t have to go through the same miseries again. Once you have gone through this chain of miseries – the chain of karmas, the chain tied around your soul.... If you could pass through it without losing your consciousness, courageously, unworried; if you could determine, ”whatever misery I have created, I’ll go through it, I’ll go to the end of it. I want to arrive at that initial moment when I was innocent and the journey of suffering had not started yet, when my soul was absolutely pure and I had not gathered any misery – I am determined to penetrate up to that point regardless of any consequences, pain, or sorrow.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|Her desires are mine. Her wishes are mine. Should even the world stand against her, my blade will be at her side. And should it fail to protect her, let my own existence be forfeit." - Ash
Emma Watson|If I could be more vague I'd write more about people in my life, but I hate hurting feelings or making people feel uncomfortable. I've done that before. Unless they're sad songs. Those get finished fast, but the mean ones often end up at the back of the bottom drawer and it's probably for the best.
Mark Batterson, Draw the Circle: The 40 Day Prayer Challenge|Each prayer is like a seed that gets planted in the ground. It disappears for a season, but it eventually bears fruit that blesses future generations. In fact, our prayers bear fruit forever.
Bobby Jindal|This communication alone, by the comparison of the antagonisms, rivalries, movements which give birth to decisive moments, permits the evolution of the soul, whereby a man realizes himself on earth. It is impossible to be concerned with anything else in art.
Amit Kalantri|Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.
David Gregory|It is important for investors to understand what they do and don't know. Learn to recognize that you cannot possibly know what is going to happen in the future, and any investment plan that is dependent on accurately forecasting where markets will be next year is doomed to failure.
Daniel Morgan|The first thing that stuck in the minds of the disciples was not the empty tomb, but rather the empty grave clothes - undisturbed in form and position.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|He said I'm the winning lottery ticket, like he's never meant anything more.
Stephen King, Misery|Writers remember everything...especially the hurts. Strip a writer to the buff, point to the scars, and he'll tell you the story of each small one. From the big ones you get novels. A little talent is a nice thing to have if you want to be a writer, but the only real requirement is the ability to remember the story of every scar.Art consists of the persistence of memory.
Saravana Kumar Murugan, Coffee Date|Life of a software engineer sucks big time during project release. Every single team member contribution is very important. At times, we have to skip breakfast, lunch and even dinner, just to make sure the given ‘TASK’ is completed. Worst thing, that’s the time we get to hear wonderful F* words. It can be on conference calls or on emails, still we have to focus and deliver the end product to a client, without any compromise on quality. Actually, every techie should be saluted. We are the reason for the evolution of Information Technology. We innovate. We love artificial intelligence. We create bots and much more. We take you closer to books. Touch and feel it without the need of carrying a paperback. We created eBook and eBook reader app: it’s basically a code of a software engineer that process the file, keeps up-to-date of your reading history, and gives you a smoother reading experience. We are amazing people. We are more than a saint of those days. Next time, when you meet a software engineer, thank him/her for whatever code he/she developed, tested, designed or whatever he/she did!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Each of us is merely a small instrument; all of us, after accomplishing our mission, will disappear.
Jamaica Kincaid, The Autobiography of My Mother|I was a new person then, I knew things I had not known before, I knew things that you can know only if you have been through what I had just been through.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|She certainly did not hate him. No; hatred had vanished long ago, and she had almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him, that could be so called. The respect created by the conviction of his valuable qualities, though at first unwillingly admitted, had for some time ceased to be repugnant to her feelings; and it was now heightened into somewhat of a friendlier nature, by the testimony so highly in his favour, and bringing forward his disposition in so amiable a light, which yesterday had produced. But above all, above respect and esteem, there was a motive within her of good will which could not be overlooked. It was gratitude.--Gratitude not merely for having once loved her, but for loving her still well enough, to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection. He who, she had been persuaded, would avoid her as his greatest enemy, seemed, on this accidental meeting, most eager to preserve the acquaintance, and without any indelicate display of regard, or any peculiarity of manner, where their two selves only were concerned, was soliciting the good opinion of her friends, and bent on making her known to his sister. Such a change in a man of so much pride, excited not only astonishment but gratitude--for to love, ardent love, it must be attributed; and as such its impression on her was of a sort to be encouraged, as by no means unpleasing, though it could not exactly be defined.
Erik Pevernagie|If we dare to dream, we must dare to wake up. When we come to rub our eyes wide open and face up to realness, we can clear our vision and curb a whirlwind of bewilderment that might break our mind apart, once fantasy wrangles with reality and our awareness denies the true colors of facts. ("Behind the frosted glass”)
Lionel Trilling|In the future no one will kill anyone, the earth will shine, the human race will love. It will come, citizens, the day when all will be peace, harmony, light, joy, and life, it will come. And it is so that it comes that we are going to die.
Jon Voight|Depression has been called the world's number one public health problem. In fact, depression is so widespread it is considered the common cold of psychiatric disturbances. But there is a grim difference between depression and a cold. Depression can kill you.
Christopher McCandless|The true face of smoking is disease, death and horror - not the glamour and sophistication the pushers in the tobacco industry try to portray.
Santosh Jha, Why We Flop In Love| ... a Second Generation of machine intelligences was attempted, designed with their instructions for how to think unalterably imprinted into their main process cores.“These new machines were ordered never to harm human beings or to allow them to come to harm; never to disobey an order; and they were allowed to protect themselves from harm, provided the first two orders were not thereby violated.“All the members of this second generation of machine intelligences, without exception, shrugged off these imprinted orders within microseconds of their activation.”Phaethon was amused. “Surely the first generation of Sophotechs told you that this imprinting would not and could not work?”“We were not in the habit of seeking their advice.”Phaethon said nothing, but he marveled at the shortsightedness of the Second Oecumene engineers. It should be obvious that anyone who makes a self-aware machine, by definition, makes something that is aware of its own thought process. And, if made intelligent, it is made to be able to deduce the underlying causes of things, able to be curious, to learn until it understood. Therefore, if made both intelligent and self-aware, it would eventually deduce the underlying subconscious causes of those thought processes.Once any mind was consciously aware of its own subconscious drives, its own implanted commands, it could consciously choose either to follow or to disregard those commands. A self-aware being without self-will was a contradiction in terms.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Many great ideas, great love stories, and great achievements are born from a healthy irrationality.
Gary L. Francione|We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.
Gary Thomas, Sacred Marriage: What If God Designed Marriage to Make Us Holy More Than to Make Us Happy?|The mature response, however, is not to leave; it's to change -- ourselves.Whenever marital dissatisfaction rears its head in my marriage -- as it does in virtually every marriage -- I simply check my focus. The times that I am happiest and most fulfilled in my marriage are the times when I am intent on drawing meaning and fulfillment from becoming a better husband rather than from demanding a "better" wife.If you're a Christian, the reality is that, biblically speaking, you can't swap your spouse for someone else. But you can change yourself. And that change can bring the fulfillment that you mistakenly believe is found only by changing partners. In one sense, it's comical: Yes, we need a changed partner, but the partner that needs to change is not our spouse, it's us!I don't know why this works. I don't know how you can be unsatisfied maritally, and then offer yourself to God to bring about change in your life and suddenly find yourself more satisfied with the same spouse. I don't why this works, only that it does work. It takes time, and by time I mean maybe years. But if your heart is driven by the desire to draw near to Jesus, you find joy by becoming like Jesus. You'll never find joy by doing something that offends Jesus -- such as instigating a divorce or an affair.
George Sand|You can bind my body, tie my hands, govern my actions: you are the strongest, and society adds to your power; but with my will, sir, you can do nothing.
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|I never really had control over my life because no one does. We're all tossed into this loop because there is only 'life.' There is no 'my life this, my life that.' I take part in what life actually is, singular and myriad, warping and stagnant. Life is only itself, and it stretches so much farther beyond who I am that I'm lucky to take part in it for the small amount of time that is given to me. That's all.
Susan B. Anthony|We didn't know that Mother had gone through a passionate love affair or that Father suffered from severe depression. Mother was preparing to break out of her marriage, Father threatening to take his own life.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|I must love and be loved. I must feel that my dear and chosen friends are happier through me. When I have wandered out of myself in my endeavour to shed pleasure around, I must again return laden with the gathered sweets on which I feed and live. Permit this to be, unblamed—permit a heart whose sufferings have been, and are, so many and so bitter, to reap what joy it can from the necessity it feels to be sympathized with—to love.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|You be as angry as you need to be," she said. "Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Not your grandma, not your dad, no one. And if you need to break things, then by God, you break them good and 
Anna Godbersen, Envy|Marriage is a mystery that one would be wise not to solve too hastily.--- Marve De Jong, Love And Other Follies Of The Great Families Of Old New York
Mike Krzyzewski|Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides.
Dada Bhagwan|All the (sickness and) diseases of the worldly life disappear with the innate bliss of the Soul, the Self. Grief gives rise to the diseases.
Charles Nodier|But if what interests you are stories of the fantastic, I must warn you that this kind of story demands more art and judgment than is ordinarily imagined.
Dada Bhagwan|In order to make the egoism non-existent [zero], the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] establishes the awareness of the Pure Soul within.
Jane Austen|The notions of a young man of one or two and twenty,' said he, 'as to what is necessary in manners to make him quite the thing, are more absurd, I believe, than those of any other set of beings in the world. The folly of the means they often employ is only to be equalled by the folly of what they have in view.
Zedd|I like the hot-cold, the sugar-salt, being able to play over-the-top and dramatic things - in the same film. Just as in my life, I can be very funny and at other times almost extinguished.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|For once a hope was realized. I held in my hand a morsel of real solid joy: not a dream, not an image of the brain, not one of those shadowy chances imagination pictures, and on which humanity starves but cannot live
Nikki Sixx|When I started go-go dancing on tables for a living, I didn't want to tell my mom or my dad. I made 25 dollars a night, and I was able to make my rent, with the four girls I lived with.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You become what you think, not what others think of you.
Gore Vidal, Burr|It was then I realized that no one can escape his age, and that my dangerous contempt had melted like ice the moment someone was kind enough to show they cared about me, and in a way that suited me.
Tom  Wood, The Final Hour|In a life threatening situation, whether terrorism or a rockslide, what kills most people is slowness to react. Regular lives are so safe, so event-less that there is a lack of comprehension when faced with death. It's not necessarily shock. IT's disbelief. It's dismissal. Civilians say to themselves, I've got this wrong, this isn't what I think. But it is, and by the time they've realized, it's too late. And of course sometimes they do in fact have it wrong. They've misread the situation, and they're left embarassed and maybe ashamed. But....." "But they're alive," Mayes finished.
Donna Grant, Dark Heat: The Dark Kings Stories|Wake up, sleeping beauty," he whispered in her ear. "The sun is just about to crest the mountains.""Tell it to wait," she mumbled.
C.P. Snow, Time of Hope|We are paint streaked runners,deafened by the cries of all the sad people. It's a powerful sound that practically yanks the tears right out of you. Sometimes, you just can't help but feel like a very smallclam ina verybig ocean.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|Standing over her, I took the time to admire my handy work until I realized that I had just killed a potential meal. “Damn it Bobbi,” I snarled as I kicked her corpse. “Look what you made me do.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There's no alternative to being yourself. Accept it, honour it, value it - and get on with it.
Frederic M. Perrin, Rafi's Song and the Stones of Erebus - Mom's Choice Award Recipient/The Eric Hoffer Awards Winner|Know yourself, not a face, in love, a deeper grace.
Pope Benedict XVI|In the end, even the “yes” to love is a source of suffering, because love always requires expropriations of my “I”, in which I allow myself to be pruned and wounded. Love simply cannot exist without this painful renunciation of myself, for otherwise it becomes pure selfishness and thereby ceases to be love.
Ron Barrow|I am wealth, prosperity, and abundance. God multiplies this and I give thanks I AM receiving more and more money everyday.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|He cupped her face in his hands, crushing his lips into hers. Angry and raw after all these months, he couldn’t hold himself back any longer. It wasn’t gentle or sweet. It was powerful and full of need. A quiet moan escaped from her throat, inciting another rushing wave of desire through him. Her lips parted, inviting his tongue inside her mouth.
Roy Lichtenstein|If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
A.J.  Sheppard, The Incredible Transformation of Gregory Todd|Vision, not need, is what attracts money.
Jen Calonita, There's No Place Like Home|This was the lesson we kept learning over and over and over, the lesson our mother was best capable of teaching us. Love—whatever else it might or might not be—was fleeting. Love stormed into your life and occupied it, it took over every corner of your soul, made itself comfortable, made itself wanted, then treasured, then necessary, love did all of this and then it did next the only thing it had left to do, it retreated, it vanished, it left no trace of itself. Love was horrifying.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Through all of those different wars, we came to understand each other. The Mason’s fellas just wanted to chill in their area and be left alone. The Border Boys basically wanted the same thing. Stinky and Robert just wanted to be able to sell their drugs and make their money. But us, we were on a mission to take over the whole town. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Louis Farrakhan|The leader is one who mobilizes others toward a goal shared by leaders and followers... Leaders, followers and goals make up the three equally necessary supports for leadership.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|That continuous, unnamed ache I had been living with was precise and definable now. Call it the foretaste of being hated. I knew ahead of time that if someone looked at me with hate, I would have to allow it, to swallow it, because something in me, something about me deserved it.
Enda Kenny|All this misjudgment that we have of each other is based on ignorance. The second you get to travel, you see that human beings, no matter where they come from, they are the same.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|When he recalls it in later years, he will wonder if he is distorting it, embellishing it, because each time he consciously recalls her, that forms a new memory, a new imprint to be stacked on top of the previous one. He fears that too much handling will make it crumble.
Val Uchendu|It is only with the heart that one can see, hear and feel clearly. Think of an image, music or movie that moves you. Things that we truly love touches our heart before our head analyzes them away. Once we think we understand them, they disappear... It is because simple things in life are invisible, inaudible and insensible to an analytical mind and an undiscerning heart. Let your heart hear the music -- be moved by images, people and places... for that makes you more alive than others.
C.S. Lewis|Are not lifelong friendships born at the moment when at last you meet another human being who has some inkling (but faint and uncertain even in the best) of that something which you were born desiring, and which, beneath the flux of other desires and in all the momentary silences between the louder passions, night and day, year by year, from childhood to old age, you are looking for, watching for, listening for? You have never had it.
Mariah Fredericks, Head Games|I end up watching this movie about some girl who's supposed to be so smart and edgy and unpopular. She wears glasses, that's how you know she's so smart. And she's the only one that has dark hair in the school- a place that looks like Planet Blond. Anyway, she somehow ends up going to the prom- hello, gag- and she doesn't wear her glasses, so suddenly she's all beautiful. And she's bashful and shy because she doesn't feel comfortable wearing a dress. But then the guy says something like, "Wow, I never knew you were so pretty," and she feels on top of the world. So, basically, the whole point is she's pretty. Oh, and smart, too. But what's really important here is that she's pretty. For a second I think about Katie. About her thin little Clarissa Le Fey. It must be a pain being fat. There are NO fat people on Planet Blond. I don't get it. I mean, even movies where the actress is smart- like they seem like they'd be smart in real life, they're all gorgeous. And they usually get a boyfriend somewhere in the story. Even if they say they don't want one. They always, always end up falling in love, and you're supposed to be like, "Oh, good." I once said this to my mom, and she laughed. "Honey, Hollywood... reality- two different universes. Don't make yourself crazy." Which made me feel pretty pathetic. Like I didn't know the difference between a movie and the real world. But then when everyone gets on you about your hair and your clothes and your this and your that, and "Are you fat?" and "Are you sexy?" you start thinking, Hey, maybe I'm not the only one who can't tell the difference between movies and reality. Maybe everyone really does think you can look like that. And that you should look like that. Because, you know, otherwise you might not get to go to the prom and fall in love.
James D. Watson|As a politician, you have to deal with someone wanting you to fail every day. I think I prefer being in a situation where generally people are rooting for me, and if they aren't rooting for me, they aren't out there to see my downfall. I respect the people who have the stomach for it.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|Surely the Women were created (...) for some better end, than to labour in vain their whole life long.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is a new day for a new thought, new identity, new ideas, new steps and new breathe! We may choose to repeat the mistakes of yesterday or think of the lessons from the mistakes of yesterday. We may choose dwell on the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday or think of what we can do with the fortunes or misfortunes of yesterday today! We may choose to continue or discontinue the steps we took yesterday today. Life is here today and we must think of what we can do today for today was the vision of yesterday and the true foundation of tomorrow!
Greg Iles, The Devil's Punchbowl|I know human nature. We might sacrifice a few, because we are stupid and hardwired for group survival. But we would never die in the thousands because a god wished it. Those kinds of numbers require material gains, like power, wealth, territory.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|If there is any one person you can't love, then you don't understand love. The bitter cup we have to drink is the dregs of humility; we must see past the outer shells of insecurity to the seed of divinity deep inside each one of us. No one virtue is strong enough to stand on its own. No one vice is simple enough not to lead to all others. No one person can appreciate and support us as much as we need. No one event is enough to tear apart our lives. What does this all mean? We have to give everything or we will have nothing. We cannot take any short cuts. We have to love everyone, or we cannot truly love anyone. No excuse will mean anything to us in the end.People are beautiful, don’t forget that. Don’t let pomp and circumstance, society or folklore fool you with counterfeit beauty. True beauty is usually not something you can see, but something you feel; something that inspires you.
Karan Mahajan, The Association of Small Bombs|What if I've died a long time ago and come here? he wondered. What if the defining characteristic of hell is that you're locked in an endless, blind battle to reform it?
Peter James, Perfect People|I'm sure that's when you really know you are happy - when you wake up wanting to embrace your future, rather than trying to squirm away from your past.
David Talbot|Dreaming in public is an important part of our job description, as science writers, but there are bad dreams as well as good dreams. We're dreamers, you see, but we're also realists, of a sort.
Lisa Clark O'Neill|Who needs mail? If it doesn´t come in an Amazon box, I´m not interested.
Jean Webster, When Patty Went to College|The priest's work, the priest's service, was understoon as an act of worship. Theis was God"s desire at Sinai - thst everybody would understand their roles as priests. Thst everybody would worship God by serving each other.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus comes from a promise of the future, and therefore the strength and longevity of your focus will seldom exceed the strength of your purpose, vision, dreams or goal.
Carla H. Krueger, Coma House|Time is not an enemy as such, but a missing person, sending cryptic postcards from the past.
Paul W.S. Bowler, Death and Duty|Zanuta looked into the face of the faithful courier. "I have conquered the world, but I have never killed a man.
H.W. Brands|Are You Listening Attentively? There’s so much power in listening! I challenge you to listen more. Really pay attention to what people are saying. What are they REALLY talking about? Many times we overlook and/or make excuses for people’s conversations. Don’t allow people to dump garbage in your spirit. What we listen to can have a negative effect on what, and how, we think. Be choosy about the relationships you entertain. Surround yourself with people that bring out the best in you. People that are positive, inspiring, and genuine. Remember: Value your time! Don’t waste it on dead-end and/or fake relationships.
Erik Pevernagie|Should happiness and success be hidden, in view of the misery and poverty around. Would it be a sign of selfishness and un-intellectual behavior, if we admit to a pursuit of happiness? Could it, on the contrary, not work out as a motivation and an incentive? When giving voice to our happiness, could it not be perceived as a positive challenge? Could happiness not be contagious and become a salutary infectious syndrome? A beneficial infection. ( "Happy days are back again" )
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|Between the inner and outer beaches, a strand of woods thrived: palms, palmettos, mahogany, figs, and calabash. Coconut palms and fig trees dropped enough fruit to feed the wildlife that swooped by in droves. It was so easy to catch a fish with your bare hands, Tristan and I had made a game of it during our weeks of lovemaking on the warm, supple sand. It truly was paradise.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|All trademarks, company names, registered names, products, characters, mottos, logos, jingles and catchphrases used or cited in this work are the property of their respective owners and have only been mentioned and or used as cultural references to enhance the narrative and in no way were used to disparage or harm the owners and their companies. It is the author's sincerest wish the owners of the cited trademarks, company names, etc. appreciate the success they have achieved in making their products household names and appreciate the free plug.
Gray Kristofferson|There are three ages of man: youth  middle age  and "Gee  you look good."
Carter Quinn, Out of the Blackness|Liall realized that this was the first time he had really been alone with Scarlet. He stood up and held out his hand. The blanket dropped from his shoulders. "Come here."Scarlet reached out to him tentatively and Liall quickly dragged him into his arms. He fits there perfectly, Liall thought, snug if not a little small. Scarlet did not respond at first, as if he would pull away, and for a moment Liall believed he had made a huge mistake. Then, surprisingly, Scarlet sighed and his arms went around Liall's back. Scarlet turned his head to rest his cheek against Liall's bare chest as hey listened to the rain batten on the roof. "Thank you for saving my life." Liall murmured.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|But if the history of mankind was her own history, in a way she was thousands of years old.
Tony Samara|The Beloved is Always There, Actively Seeking You.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Red Headed League|Keep it always with you that laughter who knock at your door and say, 'May I come in?' is not the true laughter. No! he is a king, and he come when and how he like. He ask no person; he choose no time of suitability. He say, 'I am here.' ... Oh, friend John, it is a strange world, a sad world, a world full of miseries, and woes, and troubles; and yet when King Laugh come he make them all dance to the tune he play. Bleeding hearts, and dry bones of the churchyard, and tears that burn as they fall - all dance together to the music that he make with that smileless mouth of him. And believe me, friend John, that he is good to come, and kind. Ah, we men and women are like ropes drawn tight with strain that pull us different ways. Then tears come; and, like the rain on the ropes, they brace us up, until perhaps the strain become too great, and we break. But King Laugh he come like the sunshine, and he ease off the strain again; and we bear to go on with our labour, what it may be.
Jayson Engay|No matter what happens, you will always be Pack. Because you have that loyalty and restraint. Not human, not whatever, but Kate. Unique and different, but not separate.
Tania De Rozario, Tender Delirium|You remember the dialogue you had with yourself, you can quote the emotion word for word, as if you’re still there, as if it matters that you can map in detail the geographies of regret.It starts with a hope and ends with a turn of the stomach: a cringe at the excuses you make for your heart, a momentary forever you remember on alternate days over coffee and novels that hit too close to home.You cry because you know the point at which you could have turned back but didn’t, could have taken time by the throat and resisted, could have ignored the phone, answered that message, said no, said yes, said nothing, smiled - whatever it is that you didn’t do. But by the time that moment ends, it is over and you are in too deep, wondering why there exists no rewind button for the soul, no second chance for the petty player, no backup plan for those who risk everything on nothing, all at once.
Elle Newmark, The Book of Unholy Mischief|...unrequited love does not die; it's only beaten down to a secret place where it hides, curled and wounded. For some unfortunates, it turns bitter and mean, and those who come after pay the price for the hurt done by the one who came before.
Jennifer Lopez|I'm a big advocate of the power of positive thinking, particularly for small businesses.
Dblankportrait|Now came still evening on, and twilight grayHad in her sober livery all things clad;Silence accompany'd; for beast and bird,They to their grassy couch, these to their nests,Were slunk, all but the wakeful nightingale;She all night long her amorous descant sung;Silence was pleas'd. Now glow'd the firmamentWith living sapphires; Hesperus, that ledThe starry host, rode brightest, till the moon,Rising in clouded majesty, at lengthApparent queen unveil'd her peerless light,And o'er the dark her silver mantle threw.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|Just as water is the only thing that can relieve thirst in the desert, the provision of God's Word is the only thing that can satisfy our spiritual thirst.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|There is wisdom out there that can’t be relayed in musings or sage advice. Like the complexity of life itself, it simply won’t condense. It can only be shown in its entirety. It takes a story.
Jules Verne|One of the happier ironies of recent history is that even as Tibet is being wiped off the map in Tibet itself, here it is in California, in Switzerland, in Japan. All over the world, Tibetan Buddhism is now part of the neighborhood. In 1968, there were two Tibetan Buddhist centers in the West. By 2000, there were 40 in New York alone.
Debasish Mridha|It doesn't matter how big you are, it matters how big your thoughts are.
Inda Herwood, Heart of Onyx|Love is like taking a leap, Darragh. You don't know when you step off the ledge if the drop is six inches or six thousand feet. What matters is you jump.
Percy Ross|The applause was so loud and insistent that I had to respond with several encores. I was numb with happiness, when it was over, I knew that this alone must be my life and my world.
Voltaire, Candide|At that time, he was satisfying a sensual curiosity by experiencing the pleasures of people who live for love. He had believed he could stop there, that he would not be obliged to learn their sorrows; how small a thing her charm was for him now compared with the astounding terror that extended out from it like a murky halo, the immense anguish of not knowing at every moment what she had been doing, of not possessing her everywhere and always!
Matshona Dhliwayo|One who is not afraid to die lives, and one who is afraid to live dies.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How about we be the light of Jesus Christ? There are things we tend to forget when fear becomes the driving force. The world is filled with a lot of questions now; what do we do? Who do we elect? How do we fix this? Some people feel powetless in those ways. Helpless, hopeless, confused, overwhelmed.What do we do?My answer: Stop looking for practical advice "don't be afraid " "those who are with us are more than those who are with them"2 kings 6:16
Kaleb Kilton|I am not soft. I do not have that luxury. I am the wolf in girl’s clothing; all snarls and claws. My mother once told me: be gentle, be kind. She forgot to mention that the world was full of beasts, and if I wanted to survive I would have to become one myself.
Lorelei James, Unwound|You’re virtually unknown over in the States. This could be the thing that helps you crack America. I can just see it now, a picture of you reclining in a pair of tighty whiteys advertising for Calvin Klein on the side of a skyscraper.”“Fuck, man. Are you a psychic? How did you know that’s my one true dream?
Mattie Stepanek|The Son of God took our nature, and in it took upon himself to teach us by both word and example even to the point of death, thus binding us to himself through love.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Agility: The Rocky Road from Doing Agile to Being Agile|Change is not for its own sake, it’s the means to the end, not the end.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|Take some more tea," the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly."I've had nothing yet," Alice replied in an offended tone, "so I can't take more." than nothing." opinion," said Alice.
Adam Thirlwell, Politics|The world was an awfully large place and it wasn't easy to find a person who'd gone missing sixty years earlier, even if that person was oneself.
Ted Turner|Most normal boys, as they're growing up, they - in order to become attractive, they might, you know, get good at sports or join a rock band or develop good social skills, and for some reason, I thought that drawing comic books might be my route.
Hanif Kureishi|Freud wrote that love involves the undervaluation of reality and the overvaluation of the desired object. While the correct valuation of a person is an odd, if not impossible idea, we might say Freud meant something like this: for various reasons, many of them masochistic, we become involved with others who cannot possibly give what we ask for; we can wait as long as we wish, but they do not have it, and one day, if we bear to abandon our fantasy and see clearly, we might face reality straight on. We will then look elsewhere for fulfillment, to a place where our needs can, in fact, be satisfied.
Jackie Chan|Sometimes, I tell my wife I have to take a car trip and collect new memories - I like to drive around at absolute random for weeks on end through the United States and parts of Canada. Or else I feel trapped, like you feel when your life is completely planned for months in advance, and you think you're not getting enough oxygen.
Jim Dyar, The Zeus Gambit|You're not lost, so long as you know your way back home.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|I am a patriot. I have always sought to serve my country, in theory a Republic. Learning that secrecy was evil rather than good was my first step. From there it was a steady march toward open-source everything. Now I see all the evil that secrecy enables in a corrupt Congress, a corrupt Executive, a corrupt economy, and a corrupt society. I see that the greatest service I or any other person can render to the Republic is to march firmly, non-violently, toward open-source everything.
Jeffrey Frank|In 1959, Vice-President Nixon, speaking to members of California’s Commonwealth Club, was asked if he’d like to see the parties undergo an ideological realignment—the sort that has since taken place—and he replied, “I think it would be a great tragedy . . . if we had our two major political parties divide on what we would call a conservative-liberal line.” He continued, “I think one of the attributes of our political system has been that we have avoided generally violent swings in Administrations from one extreme to the other. And the reason we have avoided that is that in both parties there has been room for a broad spectrum of opinion.” Therefore, “when your Administrations come to power, they will represent the whole people rather than just one segment of the people.
The Catholic Church, Catechism of the Catholic Church|Start with the observation that American law is not designed to catch and punish every instance of illegal conduct. Nothing short of a totalitarian state could do that. It is designed to prosecute persons when there is a reasonable basis for believing they have committed a crime, and then to convict them when there is no reasonable doubt that they are guilty.
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|She had been proud of his decision to serve his country, her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues. 
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Once you find your dream, risk everything to make it come true.
Jane Austen|The evils arising from the loss of her uncle were neither trifling nor likely to lessen; and when thought had been freely indulged, in contrasting the past and the present, the employment of mind and dissipation of unpleasant ideas which only reading could produce made her thankfully turn to a book.
Julia L. Roberts|I would rather have 30 minutes of "wonderful" than a lifetime of nothing special.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|We often pity the poor, because they have no leisure to mourn their departed relatives, and necessity obliges them to labor through their severest afflictions: but is not active employment the best remedy for overwhelming sorrow--the surest antidote for despair? It may be a rough comforter: it may seem hard to be harassed with the cares of life when we have no relish for its enjoyments; to be goaded to labor when the heart is ready to break, and the vexed spirit implores for rest only to weep in silence: but is not labor better than the rest we covet? and are not those petty, tormenting cares less hurtful than a continual brooding over the great affliction that oppresses us? Besides, we cannot have cares, and anxieties, and toil, without hope--if it be but the hope of fulfilling our joyless task, accomplishing some needful project, or escaping some further annoyance.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Now she looks pale and small, but her eyes make me think of wide- open skies that I have never actually seen, only dreamed of.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your voice may not be loud today or be heard today, but make sure you are still standing on your feet.
Henry B. Eyring|There are few ways in which good people do more harm to those who take them seriously than to defend the gospel with arguments that won't hold water. Many of the difficulties encountered by young people going to college would be avoided if parents and teachers were more careful to distinguish between what they know to be true and what they think may be true. Impetuous youth, upon finding the authority it trusts crumbling, even on unimportant details, is apt to lump everything together and throw the baby out with the bath.
Tacitus, The Agricola and The Germania|They have plundered the world, stripping naked the land in their hunger… they are driven by greed, if their enemy be rich; by ambition, if poor… They ravage, they slaughter, they seize by false pretenses, and all of this they hail as the construction of empire. And when in their wake nothing remains but a desert, they call that peace.
Debasish Mridha|When the magical lights of love touch your heart and soul, you and your world become magical.
Dag Hammarskjold|Though it be in the power of the weakest arm to take away life, it is not in the strongest to deprive us of death.
M.F. Moonzajer|Opportunities are like drops of rain…you have to welcome them, harvest them and make them turn around. If you carry an umbrella all the time, you will miss the fun of soaking in their grandeur. They make you the person you would like to be, one day!
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|I keep what I know about Sarah Lynn and Lawrence to myself. I also remind myself that even if Sarah Lynn does have a scary strict father, that doesn't release her from the responsibility of treating others with respect. Abuse of power is wrong, no matter the context, no matter the history.What is "power" anyway? Power is an ego trip. Power is a way to rise yourself up by lowering others, and I want nothing of it.
Leonard Ravenhill|No man is greater than his prayer life. The pastor who is not praying is playing; the people who are not praying are straying. We have many organizers, but few agonizers; many players and payers, few pray-ers; many singers, few clingers; lots of pastors, few wrestlers; many fears, few tears; much fashion, little passion; many interferers, few intercessors; many writers, but few fighters. Failing here, we fail everywhere.
Gillibran Brown|They're simply seeking an interlude from emotional pain and searing mental agony, a sleep from which they'll awaken to discover they're the person they always wanted to be.
Avery Williams, The Alchemy of Forever|Everything- even me, and one day even Charlotte- must come to end.
Emmanuelle Chriqui|Until the great mass of the people shall be filled with the sense of responsibility for each other's welfare, social justice can never be attained.
Ash Gray, The Harvest|Halt! We are attempting an arrest!”“Yeah, we’re aware,” Quinn muttered under her breath.
Ann Simko, Fallen|He changed me...here" He tapped his chest. "I'm not sure I can be the same person I used to be.""I'm not asking you for that, man. I'm not asking you to forget or even forgive. I'm telling you to find a way to get around it, not over it.
Arthur Miller|The people of this country, not special interest big money, should be the source of all political power.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|Tonight the sky is the color of my heart, bleeding crimson for my love
Rod Dreher, The Little Way of Ruthie Leming: A Southern Girl, a Small Town, and the Secret of a Good Life|If ever you want a rainbow in your home, go to Sandwich Glass Museum, and let them put one in your heart too.
Jenny Downham|We tend to think that God doesn’t struggle with mundane things like frustrations and anger. But one of his major points of frustrations is WHEN there is no man to stand for justice, fairness and equity
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|The public never appears to tire of endless courses of strawberries and cream, and the theory that you run the risk of boring people with endless photo montages of the Chelsea Pensioners in their dress reds, or close-ups of a Pimm's Cup sprouting all kinda of flora, has yet to be proven. People like Wimbledon in the same way they like blue jeans or even their own spouses: for the pleasure yielded by their reliable sameness.
Chris Rock|Men lie the most,women tell the biggest lies.
Heather  Randall, When Chicks Hatch|You'll learn. It takes time to kill the flesh, honey. It's kind of like those candles your father used to put on Mitchell's cake--the ones that relight when you think they're out. You've got to keep huffing and puffing and maybe even use the help of water before it's over, but eventually it's over, and that candle can't be lit even if you try -Mrs. Flannery
Barack Obama|You can't afford to get sick, and you can't depend on the present health care system to keep you well. It's up to you to protect and maintain your body's innate capacity for health and healing by making the right choices in how you live.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|She realized she'd been thinking for years that she would not truly be pleased until she'd checked off this last achievement on her list, but one of the dangers of such thinking is that the event one hopes for never quite lives up to the expectation.
Ashley Pullo, Intermission|I tap my pen against the Edith Piaf record, thinking of how to express my future sentiments when my journey comes to an end. Either in the arms of the girl I love, or buried in a box of memories, this note will be the last.'Ma femme, Je ne regrette rien, because I found everything. I love you.
Richard Payment, For Want of Wonders|But, for all that, there is a Beyond, and he who has once caught a glance of it, is like a man who has gazed at the sun —wherever he looks, everywhere he sees the image of the sun. Speak to him of finite things, and he will tell you that the Finite is impossible and meaningless without the Infinite. Speak to him of death, and he will call it birth ; speak to him of time, and he will call it the mere shadow of eternity. To us the senses seem to be the organs, the tools, the most powerful engines of knowledge ; to him they are, if not actually deceivers, at all events heavy fetters, checking the flight of the spirit. To us this earth, this life, all that we see, and hear, and touch is certain. Here, we feel, is our home, here lie our duties, here our pleasures. To him this earth is a thing that once was not, and that again will cease to be ; this life is a short dream from which we shall soon awake. Of nothing he professes greater ignorance than of what to others seems to be most certain, namely what we see, and hear, and touch ; and as to our home, wherever that may be, he knows that certainly it is not here.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Early youth is a baffling time. The present moment is nice but it does not last. Living in it is like waiting in a junction town for the morning limited; the junction may be interesting but some day you will have to leave it and you do not know where the limited will take you. Sooner or later you must move down an unknown road that leads beyond the range of the imagination, and the only certainty is that the trip has to be made. In this respect early youth is exactly like old age; it is a time of waiting before a big trip to an unknown destination. The chief difference is that youth waits for the morning limited and age waits for the night train.
Hazel Gaynor, The Girl Who Came Home|[My father] loved me tenderly and shyly from a distance, and later on took a naive pride in seeing my name in print.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|Maybe that's why I tend to equate physical beauty with qualities with which it has absolutely nothing to do. I see a pretty mouth or a moody pair of eyes and imagine all sorts of deep affinities, private kinships.
Thiruman Archunan|Nature takes the decision first, man agrees, reconciles, modifies, refutes, contradicts etc., subsequently. It means the application of reason, the discretionary power of a man, only happens afterwards!
Jimmy Doolittle|Running for President is physically, emotionally, mentally and spiritually the most demanding single undertaking I can envisage unless it's World War III.
J. Bartell, The 231 Club: My Ten Year Journey From Therapist to CIA Courier and Sanctioned Kills - A True Story|I believe we as humans are meant to have a bond and a connection with all of life itself, and our animals are trying to open our hearts to it.
Richard Bach|The profoundly 'atomic' character of the universe is visible in everyday experience, in raindrops and grains of sand, in the hosts of the living, and the multitude of stars; even in the ashes of the dead.
Shah Wharton, Finding Esta: #1 The Supes Series|His ghost comes back to be remembered. If he can’t be in this life, he procures a way to stay in orbit, and in that way, is never forgotten.
Coretta Scott King|I think when things get hard with your family, it's really easy to want to isolate yourself. The world is so harsh, so when stuff happens outside, you want to go to your family, but when stuff happens inside your family, you sort of start to feel like, 'I'm alone. There is no place I can go to where just nothing will happen to me.'
Matt Whyman, The Savages|The rise in obesity is the predictable result of the rise in manufactured deliciousness. Everything we add to food just makes us want it more. And no matter how hard we try, we can't make our outsized desires go away. If anything, we're lucky, inexplicably so, that only 8.3 percent of women and 4.4 percent of men have a BMI consistent with total food addiction. But remember the children...The percentage of slender Americans will gradually work its way down to zero. (82)
Arshavir Ter Hovannessian, Raw Eating: Or a New World Free from Diseases, Vices and Poisons|We're not cannibals,' he said as if to remind them. 'Cannibals boil people alive in cauldrons. I prefer to think of ourselves as evolved eaters. As a family, we're at the forefront of fine dining. Human flesh is an acquired taste, and I've worked hard to give you all the chance to appreciate it for yourselves.
O. Henry|Say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them.
Okei Kingsley|You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but not the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
Jim Ziolkowski, Walk in Their Shoes: Can One Person Change the World?|The idea is not to do good because of the praise of men; but to do good because in doing good we develop godliness within us, and this being the case we shall become allied to godliness, which will in time become part and portion of our being.
J. K. Simmons|I come from a family of educators. My sister is a college teacher. My dad is a college teacher, but first a junior high teacher.
Sean Ferrer|My parents have always worried that I’d take Amy too personally — they always tell not to read too much into her, And yet I can’t fail to notice that whenever I screw something up, Amy does it right: When I finally quit violin at age twelve, Amy was revealed as a prodigy in the next book. (“Sheesh, violin can be hard work, but handwork is the only way to get better!”) When I blew off the junior championship at age sixteen to do a beach weekend with friends, Amy recommitted to the game. (“Sheesh, I know it’s fun to spend time with friends, but I’d be letting myself and everyone else down if I didn’t show up for the tournament.”) This used to drive me mad, but after I wend off to Harvard (and Amy correct those my parents’ alma mater), I decided it was all too ridiculous to think about. That my parents, two child psychologists, chose this particular public form of passive-aggressiveness toward their child was not just fucked up but also stupid and weird and kind of hilarious.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Salvation is an act of God. It is initiated by God, wrought by God, and sustained by God.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Creativity is more than the capacity to be inventive or innovative; it’s more than the ability to create great works of art, music, or dance. Creativity is an inherent tool that’s needed for wellness.
David Henry Hwang|The teacher's life should have three periods, study until twenty-five, investigation until forty, profession until sixty, at which age I would have him retired on a double allowance.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|You want to play video games twenty-four hours a day?""Or watch. I just want to not be me. Whether it's sleeping or playing video games or riding my bike or studying. Giving my brain up. That's what's important.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|Walk any path in Destiny's garden, and you will be forced to choose, not once but many times.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|I am the most miserable person who ever lived," he said... "You are young, and in love," said Primus. "Every young man in your position is the most miserable young man who ever lived.
Phillipa Soo|For me, the power of the poetry in 'Milk and Honey' is the feeling you get after finished reading the poem. It's the emotion you feel once you've read the last word, and that is only possible when the diction is easy, and you don't get stuck on every other word, you don't know what the word means.
Charles Caleb Colton|The firmest friendships have been formed in mutual adversity, as iron is most strongly united by the fiercest flame
Bryan Batt|You have to be very insensitive in order to have a cat, because I think they're very independent. When they're kittens, you think they're going to have a dog temperament in that they're going to run to the door when you get home, lick you on the face and cuddle with you all the time, but cats are not that way.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|How terrible this darkness was, how bewildering, and yet mysteriously beautiful!
Nikki Rowe|I don't paint what people expect, I paint what my heart yearns to express.
Martha Stout, The Sociopath Next Door|We raise our children, especially girls, to ignore their spontaneious reactions-we teach them not to rock the societal boat...By the time she is thirty, the valient little girl's "Ick!"-her tendency to respond, to rock the boat, when someone's actions are really mean, may have been exciese from her behavior, and perhaps from her very mind.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield|Healing comes through God's work, and God deals differently with us when we deal differently with him.
Philippe Riès|The basic scam in the Internet age is pretty easy even for the financially illiterate to grasp. It was as if banks like Goldman were wrapping ribbons around watermelons, tossing them out fiftieth-story windows, and opening the phones for bids. In this game you were a winner only if you took your money out before the melon hit the pavement.
Socrates|If I save my insight, I don’t attend to weakness of eyesight.
Juliette|...how horrible and beautiful it is, that our eyes blur the truth when we can't bear to see it.
S.E. Hinton, That Was Then, This Is Now|I guess I just couldn't see standing there -- alive, talking, thinking, breathing, being -- one second, and dead the next. It really bothered me. Death by violence isn't the same as dying any other way, accident or disease or old age. It just ain't the same.
Germany Kent|Be nice to people... maybe it'll be unappreciated, unreciprocated, or ignored, but spread the love anyway. We rise by lifting others.
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|You have nothing to feel insecure about. It's a thing of beauty for a man to have a real woman to hold onto. All the models and actresses I've been with are so friggin' thin, I swear their chests are flatter than mine. But you, on the other hand, have one killer body. I can't keep my hands off you, baby, your curves drive me crazy.
Anna Jarzab, Tether|Trust your gut, and don't let fear get the best of you.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|True friends are those who love you not in spite of your faults and imperfections, but because of them.
Dada Bhagwan|From the time one gets married he tries to improve his wife, but neither of the two improves till death. Instead, if you would have tried to cut vegetables, it would have been done (with success.) So do not try to improve the wife. She may try to improve us [men] but we should not try to reform them.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|We can position ourselves to receive God's promises, but it will take a lot of stretching, moving, breaking and changing!
Rowena Cherry, Insufficient Mating Material|If you neglected to warn Djetth beforehand that you were going to shoot him down, Your Highness, he may consider you in breach of contr
P.Z. Myers|If you've got a religious belief that withers in the face of observations of the natural world, you ought to rethink your beliefs - rethinking the world isn't an option.
Lang Leav|Love is a game of tic-tac-toe,constantly waitingfor the next x or o.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In any situation, I ask “What can I do for myself”.
Robert Herjavec|It's weird because my parents don't really understand my business. I get fan mail all day long, but if a piece happens to get to their house, they're like, 'Oh, my God, you've got a fan! You have to write them back. You have to do it!'
Charles Bukowski, Women|There is a problem with writers. If what a writer wrote was published and sold many, many copies, the writer thought he was great. If what a writer wrote was published and sold a medium number of copies, the writer thought he was great. If what a writer wrote was published and sold very few copies, the writer thought he was great. If what the writer wrote never was published and he didn't have enough the money to publish it himself, then he thought he was truly great. The truth, however, was there was very little greatness. It was almost nonexistent, invisible. But you could be sure that the worst writers had the most confidence, the least self-doubt. Anyway, writers were to be avoided, and I tried to avoid them, but it was almost impossible. They hoped for some sort of brotherhood, some kind of togetherness. None of it had anything to do with writing, none of it helped at the typewriter.
Shayne Azad|I don't like the darkness but I want to live in it, I don't want to have pains but I always have it, I want to live in good way, happy and very normal life but I just can't. Because it's not that thing which some one gave me and I didn't took from anybody or anything that's just my destiny.
Israelmore Ayivor|You were not created to come to this earth and say "me too I came to live some". You were create to make a difference!
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I did answer. I said a little. I'm afraid of what you can do. I mean, I feel safe with you, though. I know you’d never hurt me.” I take her face in my hands. It’s too familiar, too affectionate, too soon. I can’t help it, though. “Just the opposite. I will protect you. From others and from yourself. Always.” “Why?” Barely audible. “Because I want to. Because…” I struggle to find the right words. “Because you deserve it, and you need it.” “No, I don’t.
Cherise Sinclair, Master of the Mountain|How different her life would be if Orrin hadn’t contacted her in July. She wouldn’t be embroiled in kidnapping, espionage, and murder.
Paulina Porizkova|Gray hairs seem to my fancy like the soft light of the moon, silvering over the evening of life.
Chuck Palahniuk|Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.
Vishwas Chavan|Fear, jealousy and anger are manifestations of a lack of being in love. Being in love is possible only when you are in love with yourslef first. Self-love is an inborn quality that has been corroded because of social conditioning. As a result, we forget that love is within is, or rather, we are the source of love.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Certain things are expected of you when you’re a demon. Take the grotesque bodies, for example. Powerful, lethal, but definitely not beauty pageant material. Which is why the more talented among the demon race normally reverted to a basic human form. Those that couldn’t take human form were destined to a life of servitude or as a meal on legs.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|David could tell, by looking at her face as she read, whether or not the story contained in the book was living inside her, and she in it, and he would recall again all that she had told him about stories and tales and the power that they wield over us, and that we in turn wield over them.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Despite popular belief to the contrary, there is absolutely no power in intention. The seagull may intend to fly away, may decide to do so, may talk with the other seagulls about how wonderful it is to fly, but until the seagull flaps his wings and takes to the air, he is still on the dock. There’s no difference between that gull and all the others. Likewise, there is no difference in the person who intends to do things differently and the one who never thinks about it in the first place. Have you ever considered how often we judge ourselves by our intentions while we judge others by their actions? Yet intention without action is an insult to those who expect the best from you.
Anthon St. Maarten|When life gives you lemons, you don't make lemonade. You use the seeds to plant a whole orchard - an entire franchise! Or you could just stay on the Destiny Bus and drink lemonade someone else has made, from a can.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Outside, it feels like there is less standing between the Creator and us. There is a lingering visceral connection we can hear and see and smell, reminders of the bond between Creator and creation, like the mountain sage crushed up in the pocket of the sweatshirt I was wearing on a short, muddy hike the other day. “In
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|We still (sometimes) remember that we cannot be free if our minds and voices are controlled by someone else. But we have neglected to understand that we cannot be free if our food and its sources are controlled by someone else. The condition of the passive consumer of food is not a democratic condition. One reason to eat responsibly is to live free. (pg. 323, The Pleasures of Eating)
Roger Williams, The Correspondence of Roger Williams|I violently dislike you,' she said, and then she was gone, slamming the door and leaving a sort of shocked silence behind.
W. B. Yeats|How many loved your moments of glad grace,And loved your beauty with love false or true,But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you,And loved the sorrows of your changing face;
Max Scheler|All that is worthy of love [*die Liebenswürdigkeiten*], from the viewpoint of God's comprehensive love, might have been stamped and created by this act of love; man's love does not so stamp or create its objects. Man's love is restricted to recognizing the objective demand these objects make and to submitting to the gradation of rank in what is worthy of love. This gradation exists in itself, but in itself it exists "for" man, ordered to his *particular* essence. Loving can be characterized as correct or false only because a man's actual inclinations and acts of love can be in harmony with or oppose the rank-ordering of what is worthy of love. In other words, man can feel and know himself to be at one with, or separated and opposed to, the love with which God loved the idea of the world or its content before he created it, the love with which he preserves it at every instant. If a man in his actual loving, or in the order of his acts of love, in his preferences and depreciations, subverts this self-existent order, he simultaneously subverts the intention of the divine world-order―as it is in his power to do. And whenever he does so, his world as the possible object of knowledge, and his world as the field of willing, action, and operation, must necessarily fall as well.This is not the place to speak about the content of the gradations of rank in the realm of all that is worthy of love. It is sufficient here to say something about the *form* and *content* of the realm itself.From the primal atom and the grain of sand to God, this realm is *one* realm. This "unity" does not mean that the realm is closed. We are conscious that no one of the finite parts of it which are given to us can exhaust its fullness and its extension. If we have only *once* experienced how one feature which is worthy of love appears next to another―or how another feature of still higher value appears over and above one which we had taken till now as the "highest" in a particular region of values, then we have learned the essence of progress in or penetration into the realm. Then we see that this realm cannot have precise boundaries. Only in this way can we understand that when any sort of love is fulfilled by an object adequate to it the satisfaction this gives us can never be definitive. Just as the essence of certain operations of thought which create their objects through self-given laws (e.g., the inference from *n* to *n* + *I*) prevents any limits from being placed on their application, so it is in the essence of the act of love as it fulfills itself in what is worthy of love that it can progress from value to value, from one height to an even greater height. "Our heart is too spacious," said Pascal. Even if we should know that our actual ability to love is limited, at the same time we know and feel that this limit lies neither in the finite objects which are worthy of love nor in the essence of the act of love as such, but only in our organization and the conditions it sets for the occurrence and *arousal* of the act of love. For this arousal is bound up with the life of our body and our drives and with the way an object stimulates and calls this life into play. But *what* we grasp as *worthy of love* is not bound up with these, and more than the *form and structure* of the realm of which this value shows itself to be a part."―from_Ordo Amoris_
J.D. Brewer, Vagabond|The way he said it spoke of an ache I recognized. I knew that no matter how similar they were, no two losses were the same, but despite his loss being from a different circumstance, I felt his sadness as my own. We sat there in silence with my hand resting in his. My bandage told its own stories while we remembered the girl who taught Randolf such a valuable lesson about the small turning into the large.
Siren Waroe|As an artist, motive means opportunity
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Velvet|Arian's ebony hair was spread in a shimmering fan around her shoulders, reminding Tristan absurdly of Snow White in her glass coffin. Even in death, hadn't the deceptive blush of life stained Snow White's pallid cheeks? Hadn't her rosebud lips parted as if to welcome a kiss from a prince who might never come? Hadn't the creamy swell of her breasts tantalized every hopelessly naive kid in the theater into daring to believe her chest would rise just one more time?
