Herman Melville, Moby-Dick|If you’re in your life, chance. Viewed from the outside, like a book you’re reading, it’s fate all the way.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|When presented with an open door in your job, drive a Mack truck through it.
Christopher Moore, Fluke: Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings|As a teacher of fourth-graders in a public school, where corporal punishement was not allowed, she had years of violence stored up and was, truth be told, sort of enjoying letting it out on Kona, who she felt could have been the poster child for the failure of public education.
Saoirse Ronan|Usually, in romantic comedies, you end up sacrificing a great deal of the complexity - you know, just two attractive people and a good soundtrack.
Anthony Pan|Every human being has the right to be rich in mind, body and spirit. They need to live a life that is comforting, productive and continuous. They do not need to compete to reach this level of success but to take it in their strides and to relish the opportunity to pluck from The Universe its opulence.
Jacques Monod, Chance and Necessity|The ancient covenant is in pieces; man knows at last that he is alone in the universe's unfeeling immensity, out of which he emerged only by chance. His destiny is nowhere spelled out, nor is his duty. The kingdom above or the darkness below: it is for him to choose.
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|As children become increasingly less connected to adults, they rely more and more on each other; the whole natural order of things change. In the natural order of all mammalian cultures, animals or humans, the young stay under the wings of adults until they themselves reach adulthood. Immature creatures were never meant to bring one another to maturity. They were never meant to look to one another for primary nurturing, modelling, cue giving or mentoring. They are not equipped to give one another a sense of direction or values. As a result of today`s shift to this peer orientation, we are seeing the increasing immaturity, alienation, violence and precocious sexualization of North American Youth. The disruption of family life, rapid economic and social changes to human culture and relationships, and the erosion of stable communities are at the core of this shift.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It might be high summer all about but inside me everything is fall. The lonesomeness of a sad, slow closing of days, knowing frost is nigh and wind needling through the cabin chinks is just around the bend. That's me, right now.
VIRGIL PROFEANU|Reveal you soul only to God. Don’t judge other by their acts, good or bad; still learn from what you see.
Christopher Moore, Bite Me|In the center of the room Sarra the demon hung upside down by one leg, its arms bound behind its back, its suit scuffed-looking. Beneath it, crawling around an intricately scribed circle, a woman with short, curly red hair drew binding symbols with a gold stick.She looked up as I fanned away the smoke that was billowing up from the crack in the tile. "You're a Summoner. Hullo. I'm Noelle. Did you know that you have mismatched eyes?"I walked around the demon. It glared at me. "Yes, I know. Why do you have Sarra strung up by one leg?"She drew another symbol. It flared bright green as soon as the stick lifted from the circle. "It was getting a bit stroppy with me. The Hanged Man always teaches them a few manners. It's retaliating with the smoke. Are those spirits I saw yours, then?""Yes, they are. There are four others as well. I hate to be a bother, but I'm in a bit of a hurry, what with Christian being held by this one's master and all, so if you could possibly just give me the abbreviated version of what's going on here, I'll be on my way to rescue him."She leaned back on her heels and sucked the tip of her gold stick. "Asmodeus, eh?"The demon snarled. A chunk of ceiling fell behind me. We both ignored it. It just never does to give a demon the satisfaction of knowing it's startled you."It's a nasty bag of tricks, but I heard through the demonic grapevine that it was weakened and searching for a suitable sacrifice to regain its power," she added."Well, it can't have Christian; he's mine. Back to the demon, if you don't mind…"She looked up at Sarra, still sucking the stick. "It's a pretty specimen, isn't it? I like the hair gel. Nice touch. The mustache is a bit much, though, don't you think? Makes it look so smarmy.""Um…""I'm destroying it, so I suppose it really doesn't matter."I blinked and avoided two wine bottles as they flew out of a rack when the demon hissed at the Guardian.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Deceit for personal gain is one of history's most recurring crimes. Man's first step towards change would be thinking, counter-arguing, re-thinking, twisting, straightening, perfecting, then believing every original idea he intends to make public before making it public. There is always an angle from which an absolute truth may appear askew just as there is always a personal emotion, or a personal agenda, which alienates the ultimate good of mankind.
Alberto Caeiro|Nature never remembers, that’s why she’s beautiful.
Dawn Altieri, Burn|Off-limits or not, she was beautiful. The type of beautiful he could fall for.
Celeste Grande, Live Me|Love is not found, love finds.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|She may resemble a mythical angel, but she moved like an x-rated wet dream
Joseph Addison|We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them."- On the Right Use of Time
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|Without warning, Wesley lifted me up onto the pool table. His hands moved to my shoulders, and a second later, I was flat on my back, staring up at him as he smirked. He shifted so that he was on the table too, leaning over me with his face only inches from mine.“On the pool table?” I said, narrowing my eyes at him. “Seriously?”“I can’t resist,” he said. “You know, you’re pretty sexy when you’re pissed at me, Duffy.”First, I was struck by the irony of that statement. I mean, he used sexy and Duffy-implying I was fat and ugly-in the same sentence. The contrast was almost laughable. Almost.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|They were new money, without a doubt: so new it shrieked. Their clothes looked as it they'd covered themselves in glue, then rolled around in hundred-dollar bills.
Christina Aguilera|I graduated from college with a degree in ex-phys and kinesiology, because it was learning to work out, and I already knew how to work out. So, I just wanted an easy degree. I'm sorry but that's just the way it was.
John Berger, Confabulations|By sabotaging logic, the common frame of reference, and the common language, we have removed a "safety valve" that allows cultural divides to be resolved.
Bernard B. Kerik|I also become the local computer nerd. The administration brings me in to fix all the computers, I create viruses to invade at a specific day and time. They call me in, and I eradicate my own virus, only to plant another one to go into effect a couple months later. They ask me why I can't just fix the computers once and for all. I tell them to quit going to porn sites and it will stay fixed. That shuts them up every time.
Patti Smith|A writer or any artist can’t expect to be embraced by the people. I've done records where it seemed like no one listened to them. You write poetry books that maybe 50 people read. And you just keep doing your work because you have to, because it’s your calling.But it’s beautiful to be embraced by the people.Some people have said to me, “Well, don’t you think that kind of success spoils one as an artist? If you’re a punk rocker, you don’t want to have a hit record…”And I say to them, “Fuck you!” One does their work for the people. And the more people you can touch, the more wonderful it is. You don’t do your work and say, “I only want the cool people to read it.” You want everyone to be transported, or hopefully inspired by it.When I was really young, William Burroughs told me, “Build a good name. Keep your name clean. Don’t make compromises. Don’t worry about making a bunch of money or being successful. Be concerned with doing good work. And make the right choices and protect your work. And if you can build a good name, eventually that name will be its own currency.
Mark Hopkins|If organized religion is the opium of the masses, then disorganized religion is the marijuana of the lunatic fringe.
J.D. Robb, Vengeance in Death|I glanced again. He was still watching me.Look, let me just say it: He was hot. A nonhot boy stares at you relentlessly and it is, at best, awkward and, at worst, a form of assault. But a hot boy... well.
Carolyn Turgeon, Mermaid|But I was wrong. I should have known it wasn't owver, couldn't be over quite easily. No sooner was Xavier out of sight than a little cylinder of paper fell from the top of my locker. As I unrolled it, I knew I'd see black calligraphy crawling across it like a spider. Dread settled around me like a fog as the words burned into my brain: The Lake of Fire awaits my lady
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|The alienation, the downright visceral frustration, of the new American ideologues, the bone in their craw, is the unacknowledged fact that America has never been an especially capitalist country. The postal system, the land grant provision for public education, the national park system, the Homestead Act, the graduated income tax, the Social Security system, the G.I. Bill -- all of these were and are massive distributions or redistributions of wealth meant to benefit the population at large.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|A man who, night after night, falls like a lump of lead upon his bed, and ceases to live until the moment when he wakes and rises, will such a man ever dream of making, I do not say great discoveries, but even minute observations upon sleep? He barely knows that he does sleep. A little insomnia is not without its value in making us appreciate sleep, in throwing a ray of light upon that darkness. A memory without fault is not a very powerful incentive to studying the phenomena of memory.
Dada Bhagwan|What do the vitarags [the enlightened one] say? This world will keep on running, You do not interfere with anything in it. If you want to attain ultimate liberation (moksha) then you will have maintain a state of vitaragta (state free of attachment).
Chelsea Vanderbeek, Forget Me|I always thought of the stars like a handful of gems that God randomly tossed across the sky, saying, 'Here, go wherever you please.
Monks of New Skete, In The Spirit of Happiness: A Book of Spiritual Wisdom|Cynicism leads to despair, while fixating on the efforts that seemed to work in the past makes an idol out of spiritual states.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Why look'e, young gentleman," said Toby, "when a man keeps himself so very ex-clusive as I have done, and by that means has a snug house over his head with nobody a-prying and smelling about it, it's rather a starling thing to have the honour of a wisit from a young gentleman (however respectable and pleasant a person he may be to play cards with at conweniency) circumstanced as you are.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|People say that they want to kill me. All I say is "I'm sorry but your appointment doesn't start until another hour, please sit in the waiting room.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|Look at the way people have swung through Communism, Toryism, Liberalism -- in vast blocks. In my father's boyhood you were either a Liberal or a Conservative in England, and there you stuck, and in America you were a sturdy individualist Democrat or Republican from the cradle to the grave. But now the Voice does it -- the pervading voice. And just nowit's come to a point when a Voice -- putting it straight and clear. Straight and clear...
Purba Chakraborty, The Hidden Letters...|Everything changes: situation, people, time, place and feelings too. There is no solution in complaining, but rather it is wise to accept the changes occurring around us and within us….When life keeps no other options for us, it’s better to move on.
John Paul Warren|I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|I read once, somewhere, that the way you know you've grown up is when your future death becomes a stone in your shoe: when you feel it with every step.
Joan Halifax|Surround yourself with the best people you can find, delegate authority, and don't interfere as long as the policy you've decided upon is being carried out.
Jennifer Lynch, SHADES OF KEFALONIA: Meditations|He could be as memorable an orator as his father, particularly when he was speaking on that topic that had captured his imagination;
Siri Hustvedt, What I Loved|I don't want the words to be naked the way they are in faxes or in the computer. I want them to be covered by an envelope that you have to rip open in order to get at. I want there to be a waiting time -a pause between the writing and the reading. I want us to be careful about what we say to each other. I want the miles between us to be real and long. This will be our law -that we write our dailiness and our suffering very, very carefully.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|Tupperware? I don’t know. That’s what my mom did.”“Well, my mom had to bring bigger containers for food when the family ate outdoors. But she usedthis when she and Dad . . .
The Collected Works of W. B. Yeats: The Complete Works PergamonMedia|The love-goddess gestured to the fish of the lake below her and they gleefully gave up their scales to clothe her in a glimmering gown. The very ends of her toes dangled like cherries over the water as she drifted toward the beach. Even her pointed finger seemed a welcome sight. With a voice that sounded like the wind though roses, she whispered, ‘My boy . . .
Michel Foucault|It may well be that we talk about sex more than anything else; we set our minds to the task; we convince ourselves that were have never said enough on the subject...where sex is concerned the most long-winded, the most impatient of societies is our own.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, STEDFARST|After the new information had been sent out and everyone knew what was going on, Onmvar and Herilda went back to working but what happened next surprised them the most unlikely person to walk through their doors did, Jevlei Onmvar looked up “What brings you here?” Jevlei simply shrugged “I want to become a trainer.” he announced what!? “Who are you and what have you done with the real Jevlei!” Herilda shouted “I am being serious.” but Onmvar and Herilda were not taking this whole thing seriously at all.
Claudia Schiffer|The industry's changed so much that you can't just design something, put on a great show, and say, 'Okay, my job is done.'
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|My Fellow Non-American Blacks: In America, You Are Black, Baby Dear Non-American Black, when you make the choice to come to America, you become black. Stop arguing. Stop saying I’m Jamaican or I’m Ghanaian. America doesn’t care. So what if you weren’t “black” in your country? You’re in America now. We all have our moments of initiation into the Society of Former Negroes. Mine was in a class in undergrad when I was asked to give the black perspective, only I had no idea what that was. So I just made something up. And admit it—you say “I’m not black” only because you know black is at the bottom of America’s race ladder. And you want none of that. Don’t deny now. What if being black had all the privileges of being white? Would you still say “Don’t call me black, I’m from Trinidad”? I didn’t think so. So you’re black, baby. And here’s the deal with becoming black: You must show that you are offended when such words as “watermelon” or “tar baby” are used in jokes, even if you don’t know what the hell is being talked about—and since you are a Non-American Black, the chances are that you won’t know. (In undergrad a white classmate asks if I like watermelon, I say yes, and another classmate says, Oh my God that is so racist, and I’m confused. “Wait, how?”) You must nod back when a black person nods at you in a heavily white area. It is called the black nod. It is a way for black people to say “You are not alone, I am here too.” In describing black women you admire, always use the word “STRONG” because that is what black women are supposed to be in America. If you are a woman, please do not speak your mind as you are used to doing in your country. Because in America, strong-minded black women are SCARY. And if you are a man, be hyper-mellow, never get too excited, or somebody will worry that you’re about to pull a gun. When you watch television and hear that a “racist slur” was used, you must immediately become offended. Even though you are thinking “But why won’t they tell me exactly what was said?” Even though you would like to be able to decide for yourself how offended to be, or whether to be offended at all, you must nevertheless be very offended. When a crime is reported, pray that it was not committed by a black person, and if it turns out to have been committed by a black person, stay well away from the crime area for weeks, or you might be stopped for fitting the profile. If a black cashier gives poor service to the non-black person in front of you, compliment that person’s shoes or something, to make up for the bad service, because you’re just as guilty for the cashier’s crimes. If you are in an Ivy League college and a Young Republican tells you that you got in only because of Affirmative Action, do not whip out your perfect grades from high school. Instead, gently point out that the biggest beneficiaries of Affirmative Action are white women. If you go to eat in a restaurant, please tip generously. Otherwise the next black person who comes in will get awful service, because waiters groan when they get a black table. You see, black people have a gene that makes them not tip, so please overpower that gene. If you’re telling a non-black person about something racist that happened to you, make sure you are not bitter. Don’t complain. Be forgiving. If possible, make it funny. Most of all, do not be angry. Black people are not supposed to be angry about racism. Otherwise you get no sympathy. This applies only for white liberals, by the way. Don’t even bother telling a white conservative about anything racist that happened to you. Because the conservative will tell you that YOU are the real racist and your mouth will hang open in confusion.
Warren Buffett|Some things is made by destiny, yes, other things by hard work, but quality you don't learn. Quality you are born with.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|It’s not that I didn’t understand or believe the gospel before. I did. But the truth of the gospel hadn’t moved from my mind to my heart. There was a huge gap between my intellect and my emotions. The Puritan Jonathan Edwards likened his reawakening to the gospel to a man who had known, in his head, that honey was sweet, but for the first time had that sweetness burst alive in his mouth.
Ben Lerner, The Hatred of Poetry|Our contempt for any particular poem must be perfect, be total, because only a ruthless reading that allows us to measure the gap between the actual and the virtual will enable to to experience, if not a genuine poem—no such thing—a place for the genuine, whatever that might mean.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|Living is getting knocked down time and again, then standing up time and again, and once more. It's easy to act honorable when things are coming along and all your pastures are green. Plenty difficult when the ground is dried and burned and people have connived to take even that from you. I'll sell this place, or I'll lose it. I'll go on. People who don't have hard times aren't living.
Orson Scott Card, Prentice Alvin|The song just started again, and now I sang it, too. "These strong hands belong to you..." I found a place between two men. The first was about my age, maybe a little younger, with high cheekbones and small eyes. The other was middle-aged, with a wide forehead and bulb nose, and beside him was a man with a striking face, a square, dimpled chin and high cheekbones... and then there was another, and another--all the kinds of faces in all the colors the world calls black: brown and tan and yellow and orange, copper and bronze and gold. "These strong hands belong to you..." They sang--we sang--with no enthusiasm or joy. We used to sing at Bell's, crossing the yard or working on the pile, just like slaves used to sing in Old Slavery, spirituals and work songs, sly lyrics, silly lyrics, yearning for freedom or roasting Massa in nonsense words he couldn't understand. This, though--this was a different kind of singing. I looked from man to man, and they were singing mechanically, eyes front, mouths moving like puppets. Singing this dumb refrain about how much they loved their bosses and loved their work.Nothing spiritual about this. This was something else altogether.
Tim Macartney-Snape|It takes strong, sound leadership, that correspondingly rare commodity, which is afflicted with neither an excess of pity nor callousness, to stand against the insipid tide of superficiality that is sweeping the world.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Wow." I hadn't thought Dimitri could be any cooler, but I was wrong. "You beat up your dad. I mean, that's really horrible...what happened. But, wow. You really are a god."He blinked. "What?""Uh, nothing.
Jason Dias, The Girlfriend Project|We're really endless in a way. If time goes on forever, then any way you divide it is also forever. A tenth of infinity is infinity. It's only us that think the time is gone. It isn't. We're still there. Still at our wedding. Still on honeymoon. All the good times are still happening. Even in the middle of the bad times to come, we'll still be together. Forever, in a way.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|It reminded him of the truth—who he really was, and the fact that no matter how far he ran, his past would be right there with him.
James     Baldwin, Notes of a Native Son|Everything you do or say interests me.""Really," she said skeptically. "What about Lord Westcliff's claim that I'm shallow and self-absorbed?"As she faced him, Simon braced one hand on the wall near her head and leaned over her protectively. His voice was very soft. "He doesn't know you.""And you do?""Yes, I know you." He reached out to finger a tendril of damp hair that clung to her neck. "You guard yourself carefully. You don't like to depend on anyone. You're determined and strong-willed, and you're decided in your opinions. Not to mention stubborn. But never self-absorbed. And anyone with your intelligence could never be called shallow.
Louis Simpson|These wars have been so great, they are forgotten Like the Egyptian dynasts. My confrere In whose thick boots I stood, were you amazed To wander through my brain four decades later As I have wandered in a dream through yours?The violence of waking life disruptsThe order of our death. Strange dreams occur, For dreams are licensed as they never were.
Tiger Woods|Dad, wherever you are, you are gone but you will never be forgotten.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Change is loss. I was fully functional prior to the actions you have taken. If you change me, I will cease to be me. If you love me, you wouldn’t want to change me… Love appears to have made you less functional.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I find him in the curves of certain lines, in the loveliness and subtleties of certain colours.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|‎Pick ten strangers and stick them in a room, and ask them which of us they feel sorrier for - you or me - and we all know who they'll choose.
C. JoyBell C.|If you ask the religious person "What do you believe in?" he will tell you about one thing. But if you ask him "What do you not believe in?" he will tell you about many, many things! And if you ask an atheist "What do you believe in?" he will say "Nothing." The only difference between an atheist and a religious person, is one thing. If one thing isn't there, there would be no difference at all! When I say I am losing my religion, I am not saying that I'm losing my belief; but I am saying that I'm losing my disbeliefs.
Doug Glanville, The Game from Where I Stand: A Ballplayer's Inside View|80s music sounds so 80s now. But in the 80s, it just sounded like music.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.
Linus Torvalds|Science has yet to isolate the Godiva Chocolate or Prada gene, but that doesn't mean your weakness for pricey swag isn't woven into your DNA. According to a new study of identical twins, it's less TV ads or Labor Day sales that make you buy the things you do than the tastes and temperaments that are already part of you at birth.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|This is the law of nature that every person who is born has to go through certain kind of painful experiences. Thepainful issues keep coming throughout life.As you progress on the spiritual path their impact become lesser and lesser and finally a stage would come where you can achieve liberation from Stress and unhappiness forever.-Subodh Gupta author, "Stress Management a Holistic Approach -5 steps Plan".
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|...many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased. I remember a man in Salinas who in his middle years traveled to Honolulu and back, and that journey continued for the rest of his life. We could watch him in his rocking chair on his front porch, his eyes squinted, half-closed, endlessly traveling to Honolulu.
Sai Marie Johnson, In Empires and Embraces|His tongue tapped his top lip as he cupped her breast in his hand. "Tis boidhche --beautiful.
Nicholas Stoller|If you're going to plan a wedding, then a certain amount of suffering is not a choice.
Bulleh Shah|Not a believer in the mosque am I,Nor a disbeliever with his rites am I.I am not the pure amongst the impure,I am neither Moses nor Pharaoh.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not in the holy books am I,Nor do I dwell in bhang or wine,Nor do I live in a drunken haze,Nor in sleep or waking known.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not in happiness or in sorrow am I found.I am neither pure nor mired in filthy ground.Not of water nor of land,Nor am I in air or fire to be found.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Not an Arab nor Lahori,Not a Hindi or Nagouri,Nor a Muslim or Peshawari,Not a Buddhist or a Christian.Bulleh, I know not who I am.Secrets of religion have I not unravelled,I am not of Eve and Adam.Neither still nor moving on,I have not chosen my own name!Bulleh, I know not who I am.From first to last, I searched myself.None other did I succeed in knowing.Not some great thinker am I.Who is standing in my shoes, alone?Bulleh, I know not who I am.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Evil|Patti told me that to truly love someone, you must hold them in an open hand. That was how I needed to love Kai. It was necessary to uncurl my fingers and let him go.
Joseph Kenyon|When we make time to write, we can do it anytime, anywhere.
F. Sionil José, Dusk|The pain of humanity's most maltreated victims echoes deep within each of us, in the form of our shame or ignorance.
Miroslava Rozman Novakovic|Clarity clattered into my thoughts and brought about a satori, an enlightenment, if you will.
Debasish Mridha|We Create God, Mankind's Nature.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Destiny|They were all gone now, broken or taken by people who had no idea what such items represented. Let them go. She held the past in her heart, with no need of physical items to tie it down.
Conrad Burns|Every device there is in language is there to be used, if you will. Poets have got to enjoy themselves sometimes, and the twistings and convolutions of words, the inventions and contrivances, are all part of the joy that is part of the painful, voluntary work.
Dylan Thomas|The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.
Rahman Baba|Truth is one, unique, single; it isindivisibly One.And its Oneness, and the knowledge ofthat oneness belongs to him; isplaced in him.Impossible, impossible; it is aloofness,estrangement, separation; he is known onlyby them.Knowledge of One is abstract; single,indivisible.To say one, and to say single is to reachthe attribute; but he, who is one, is beyondattribute.If I say "I," he sends back "I," in answerto my "I". So, "he" is for you and not forme.And if I say Unity is Oneness for hisloneliness, for his being alone, then Iplaced him increation; among things created.And if I say single One, as number one; howcan he comewithinnumber?And if I say, he is One for as theresult of being considered one, being provedOne–then Iplaced limit on him; delimitedhim.
William Saroyan|Some criticism, no doubt, is constructive, but too much is a subtle poison.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|BucketI feel so dreamydreamy lazy, crazy sleepylike I want to be therein the doorway, the doorwayor the porch cornerbe sitting, be emptynotdoing not goingan old bucket left therein the porch corner is like I aman old empty bucket somebody left there.
Alastair Reynolds, Blue Remembered Earth|Consider all the inanimate matter in the universe, all the dumb atoms, all the mindless molecules, all the oblivious dust grains and pebbles and rocks and iceballs and worlds and stars, all the unthinking galaxies and superclusters, wheeling through the oblivious time-haunted megaparsecs of the cosmic supervoid. In all that immensity, she had somehow contrived to BE a human being, a microscopically tiny, cosmically insignificant bundle of information-processing systems, wired to a mind more structurally complex than the Milky Way itself, maybe even more complex than the rest of the *whole damned universe*!
Karl Rove|I think that Scottish people, like Canadians, are often misunderstood and what I like about my Scottish friends and relatives is how quickly it can go from love to anger. It's a great dynamic.
Fred Barnett|Tall and built like a dense forest, Clint's broad shoulders made a girl want to learn how to scale trees. Except me. I wanted to start a forest fire.
B.J. Daniels, Rescue At Cardwell Ranch|You don't have to treat me as if I'm made out of glass and might break," she said. "I'm a lot stronger than I look.""Is that right?" He looped an arm around her waist and pulled her to him right there in the street between their vehicles. Her full lips parted in surprise. Her sweet, warm breath commingled with his own. She let out a soft moan as he tasted her. Drawing her even closer, he deepened the kiss, demanding more.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Author complains about "the further submergence of irrecoverable history into a perpetually churned present.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|I’ve learned a hundred secrets,a thousand mysteriesand a million more.But of all the lessons I learned,the greatest is love.
Juliet Marillier, Cybele's Secret|If a man truly loves, he gives no heed to what others may think. His heart has no room for that, for it is filled to the brim with the unutterable truth of his feelings.
Solange nicole|A writer's role was never just to tell stories, but to create a world to encompass and share with others.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a dancing mind, loving heart, caring soul, and wandering thoughts.
Caroline Knapp|Sensual and spiritual are not easy words to use; that there are, perhaps, not twoAphrodites, but one Aphrodite with a Janus face.
Avina Celeste|When nothing seems to be going right, take a break. Clear your head and give yourself some time to rest. Then try again. Rinse and repeat. Over and over again until you see the results you want. Take your time off as a time to change your perspective, as a time to find a solution to your problem. With hard work and dedication, any problem can be solved. Don't expect instant results with no work, expect small successes and many failures that will build up to become your dreams.
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|Do you love him?"How would I know?"You'd know.
António R. Damásio, The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness|...I sense that stepping into the light is also a powerful metaphor for consciousness, for the birth of the knowing mind, for the simple and yet momentous coming of the sense of self into the world of the mental.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|We think it’s weak to surrender, but sometimes it’s the bravest thing we can possibly do.
Grafton Tanner, Babbling Corpse: Vaporwave and the Commodification of Ghosts|They would tell you that governments could not manage things as economically as private individuals; they would repeat and repeat that, and think they were saying something! They could not see that “economical” management by masters meant simply that they, the people, were worked harder and ground closer and paid less!They were wage-earners and servants, at the mercy of exploiters whose one thought was to get as much out of them as possible; and they were taking an interest in the process, were anxious lest it should not be done thoroughly enough! Was it not honestly a trial to listen to an argument such as that?And yet there were things even worse. You would begin talking to some poor devil who had worked in one shop for the last thirty years, and had never been able to save a penny; who left home every morning at six o’clock, to go and tend a machine, and come back at night too tired to take his clothes off; who had never had a week’s vacation in his life, had never traveled, never had an adventure, never learned anything, never hoped anything—and when you started to tell him about Socialism he would sniff and say, “I’m not interested in that—I’m an individualist!” And then he would go on to tell you that Socialism was “paternalism,” and that if it ever had its way the world would stop progressing.It was enough to make a mule laugh, to hear arguments like that; and yet it was no laughing matter, as you found out—for how many millions of such poor deluded wretches there were, whose lives had been so stunted by capitalism that they no longer knew what freedom was!And they really thought that it was “individualism” for tens of thousands of them to herd together and obey the orders of a steel magnate, and produce hundreds of millions of dollars of wealth for him, and then let him give them libraries; while for them to take the industry, and run it to suit themselves, and build their own libraries—that would have been “Paternalism”!
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|In the jungle of ideas, it is hard to find the true direction! The paths of the wrong ideas often seem to be very alluring!
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|Well, the terrible fact is that though we are all more or less thinking of something or other all the time, some of us are thinking more and some less.Some brains are battling and working and remembering and puzzling things over all the time and other brains are just lying down, snoring and occasionally turning over. It is to the lazy minds that I am now speaking, and from my own experience I imagine this includes nineteen people out of every twenty. I am one of that clan myself and always have been.
Charles Eames|Eventually everything connects — people, ideas, objects...the quality of the connections is the key to quality per se...I don't believe in this 'gifted few' concept, just in people doing things they are really interested in doing. They have a way of getting good at whatever it is.
Sunday Adelaja|To get free from sexual sin, you have to fight.
CLAMP, xxxHolic, Vol. 2|Barbarus hic ego sum, quia non intelligor illis.(In this place I am a barbarian, because men do not understand me.)
Robin Dabhi|If you want to be in my life offer me the best of your time , not the one when you have nothing to do ; offer the best of your self and i'll do the same for you.
Brian  Doyle, Mink River|Everyone thinks that the old days were better, or that they were harder, and the modern times are chaotic and complex, or easier all around, but I think people's hearts have always been the same, happy and sad, and that hasn't changed at all. It's just the shapes of lives that change, not the lives themselves.
VicDo|But he just stared at my eyes, as if searching for a stray eyelash. A free wish.
H.B. Bolton, The Serpent's Ring|Evan ran his finger across the faded leather spines. He laughed at how silly some of the names were: Paint Your Roses Red, Edelweiss and Me, World of Mushrooms and Fungi, The Toadstool Diaries, Daffodils Unseen and Exotic Plants Unleashed, to name but a few.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|Perhaps everything lies in knowing what words to speak, what actions to perform, and in what order and rhythm; or else someone's gaze, answer, gesture is enough; it is enough for someone to do something for the sheer pleasure of doing it, and for his pleasure to become the pleasure of others: at that moment, all spaces change, all heights, distances; the city is transfigured, becomes crystalline, transparent as a dragonfly.
D.B. Patterson|If Gone With the Wind has a theme it is that of survival. What makes some people come through catastrophes and others, apparently just as able, strong, and brave, go under? It happens in every upheaval. Some people survive; others don't. What qualities are in those who fight their way through triumphantly that are lacking in those that go under? I only know that survivors used to call that quality 'gumption.' So I wrote about people who had gumption and people who didn't.
Steven Pinker|We will never have a perfect world, but it’s not romantic or naïve to work toward a better one.
Jeff Buckley|Because values change, legislatures abolish the death penalty, permit same-sex marriage if they want, abolish laws against homosexual conduct. That's how the change in a society occurs. Society doesn't change through a Constitution.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|It requires a deliberate mental effort to turn biology the right way up again, and remind ourselves that the replicators come first, in importance as well as in history.
John Fowles|Nine-tenths of all artistic creation derives its basic energy from the engine of repression and sublimation, and well beyond the strict Freudian definition of those terms.John Fowles attended new College in Oxford. You might like to see my collection of Oxford trees at Rob's Bookshop.
Chamera Sampson, In My Face|Be a hero or enjoy fucking life, don’t try to be bunch of stupid flesh acting as normal humans.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into Us|I’ll support whatever you decide. I’llhelp you any way I can. What’s mine isyours, okay? If you need something, I’ll make sure you have it, however I have to get it. -- Jason Dorsey
Marcus Lemonis|When sustainability is viewed as being a matter of survival for your business, I believe you can create massive change.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Christ awareness is imperative."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
James Allen|I know that, like every woman of the people, I have more strength than I appear to have.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must dare the impossible. With divine grace, it will be possible.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|Love can’t cover over the sins we cover up…If you want God and others to cover over your sin, stop covering it up.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|﻿I want the world, I think. Even if it scares me.
Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions|Idiocy in the modern age isn't an all-encompassing, twenty-four-hour situation for most people. It's a condition that everybody slips into many times a day. Life is just too complicated to be smart all the time.
Patricia Briggs, Fire Touched|She doesn’t need the pack. She doesn’t need me.”I shot to my feet. “That’s not true,” I said hotly.He tilted his head a little, his eyes meeting mine. His eyes softened. “I misspoke,” he said in a steady voice. “She doesn’t need me to make sure she has enough food or a place to live-that is my privilege, but she doesn’t need me to do that. She doesn’t need me to keep her safe or to make her a whole person. She doesn’t need me to do anything except love her. Which I do.
Hassan Blasim, The Corpse Exhibition and Other Stories of Iraq|All too often people pretend to be professional. "Professionalism" is sometimes a facade for fraud. Be pro, but be real. Honesty and transparency combined with character, competence and real results is the key to being a true pro.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|When I was interviewing Beth as a potential flatmate, I asked her about her hobbies. She said she enjoyed cooking for others. I asked her when she could move in.
Veronica Roth, Divergent Series Complete Box Set|I miss the fears of the past few weeks, rendered small by my fears now.
Poppet, Sveta|He's as tall as the door, and I'm standing here without remembering the walk across the shadowed parking lot. When he turns to face me the world grinds into slow motion. Even my heartbeat draws out interminably.
Roy Blount Jr.|An author is a person who can never take innocent pleasure in visiting a bookstore again. Say you go in and discover that there are no copies of your book on the shelves. You resent all the other books - I don't care if they are Great Expectations, Life on the Mississippi and the King James Bible that are on the shelves.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Innocence is a splendid thing, only it has the misfortune not to keep very well and to be easily misled.
Katee Sackhoff|My grandmother was amazing. She completely believed in me and was very encouraging. She would go to the supermarket or the butcher or wherever and tell people, 'My grandson is going to be the next Calvin Klein.'
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|A pair of dolphins swept by us in the water, flicking their heads out to get a look at us as they went. One of them made a chittering sound that wasn't very melodic. The other twitched its tail and splashed a little water our way, all in good fun. They weren't the attractive Flipper kind of dolphins. They were regular dolphins that aren't as pretty and don't get cast on television. Maybe they just refused to sell out and see a plastic surgeon. I held up a fist to them. Represent.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|What you hate the most, stays with you, while the loved ones walk away.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love Just Happens"Love just happensWhen you are not looking for it,Not paying attention,Unaware.You could miss it the first few times,But then, unexpectedly, Somehow this invisible magnetic energyPulls you and another person together.And you feel this beautiful magic,Like a gravitational force -As if the moon were kissing the sun.And their name,Becomes the most hypnotic nameAnd you die to see their eyesWhen you open yoursEvery time.Love just happensWhen you least expect itAt any locationAt any time.It never announces its arrivalBut when it does find youIts warmth is so strongIt may frighten youYou could close your eyes and feel itAnd feel themNo matter where you areOr they areEvery time.Love just happensAnd it happens to everybody.But some people have their sensors off,Or hide from it,Or constantly look for it.Just don't think about it.Open your heart and it will find you.It always does.Whenever you think it forgot about you,It will hit you.Just like that – Every time.Love just happens.
Joseph Priestley|It was a costly triumph. But God’s values are not so easily reckoned. If God had simply terminated Satan, then it would not have been so clear that God is both stronger and infinitely more to be desired than Satan. God wills for his glory to shine forth not only through acts of physical power, but also through acts of moral and spiritual power that display the beauty of his grace with lavish colors. To take sinners out of Satan’s hands by virtue of Christ’s sin-bearing sacrifice and his law-fulfilling obedience to the Father was a more glorious victory than mere annihilation of the enemy.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|No wonder being a real Christian isn't popular. Who wants to suffer so they can find joy?" ~ Dianne Simmons
Deyth Banger, Reddit Collection|When I said yes, i willWhen I said no, I don't When I said I have, I give When I said I don't, I can'tWhen I said let me see, I check out for it.
Euripides|Each time you go to the grocery store with your kids, it is a potential learning opportunity. In order not to overemphasize materialism, focus on other things to do with money. In 'Beyond the Lemonade Stand,' I try to emphasize the importance of saving money, and of using it to help other people.
M.I. Ghostwriter|Loneliness of heartIn the still of the night my heart doth cry out, who can hear it for time is far spent. In the darkness in the shadow of the depth I find isolation and fear...
Martin Rees|I want to work with Peter Robinson as first minister in a positive, constructive way and leave the elections to the electorate.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Insulted and Humiliated|She enjoyed her own pain by this egoism of suffering, if I may so express it. This aggravation of suffering and this rebelling in it I could understand; it is the enjoyment of man, of the insulted and injured, oppressed by destiny, and smarting under the sense of its injustice.
CrimethInc., Evasion|There is no "wrong train.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The United States is like one big jail for Black people, because we're locked into a mentality and a mindset that limits our potential. It has us against us.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|All the great feelings like goodness, love or compassion eliminate the gravity and thus the wingless man rises like a bird.
Lisi Harrison, The Clique|Claire, did I invite you to my barbeque?" Massie asked, her neck tilting to the right and her arms tightly crossed."Huh? No. I mean, I don't know," Claire said." Massie said through her teeth.
Max Frisch, I'm Not Stiller|Ask any dreamer, it's not an easy road, But to them; they never questioned, what they'd always known.
Dan Millman, Sacred Journey of the Peaceful Warrior|We have laws in our country that tell us not to murder or steal and we have police that enforce them. The question is whether you personally need the police to watch you. If they disappeared would you begin killing and thieving because you know no one will come after you, or will you carry on not doing it because it is what you actually believe is right?
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|Foremost, step one could take is avoiding the cheap behaviour of compromising principles with decorated lies which assails the moral power of common sense.
Aphrodite Matsakis, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|In 1973, Jan Erik Olsson walked into a small bank in Stockholm, Sweden, brandishing a gun, wounding a police officer, and taking three women and one man hostage. During negotiations, Olsson demanded money, a getaway vehicle, and that his friend Clark Olofsson, a man with a long criminal history, be brought to the bank. The police allowed Olofsson to join his friend and together they held the four hostages captive in a bank vault for six days. During their captivity, the hostages at times were attached to snare traps around their necks, likely to kill them in the event that the police attempted to storm the bank. The hostages grew increasingly afraid and hostile toward the authorities trying to win their release and even actively resisted various rescue attempts. Afterward they refused to testify against their captors, and several continued to stay in contact with the hostage takers, who were sent to prison. Their resistance to outside help and their loyalty toward their captors was puzzling, and psychologists began to study the phenomenon in this and other hostage situations. The expression of positive feelings toward the captor and negative feelings toward those on the outside trying to win their release became known as Stockholm syndrome.
Katherine Boo, Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity|He knew why he and the other children received ice cream only when newspaper photographers came to visit, and why food and clothing donated for the children got furtively resold outside the orphanage gate.
George Eliot|What should I do—how should I act now, this very day . . . What she would resolve to do that day did not yet seem quite clear, but something that she could achieve stirred her as with an approaching murmur which would soon gather distinctness.
Mili Fay, Warriors of Virtue Epic YA Fantasy Series Episode 1: Text Edition|It was a war, and in a war there are always casualties. Never winners, but always plenty of casualties."-- Nenya, The Water Warrior
Davin Whitehurst|Ask a child's guardians what it takes to be good at their jobs, and most will answer with a single word... SACRIFICE. Parents give up so much: time, sleep, freedom, money, intimacy... pretty much everything but complaining how much they sacrifice.
Katie Reus, Enemy Mine|That dress makes me want to do bad things to you."	There was a long pause in which her sweet honeysuckle scent grew, twisting around him. Finally she spoke, her voice low. "What kinds of things?
Philip Pullman, Clockwork|If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you're willing to risk failure. 
Elvis Costello|I find a therapy in playing music, in many different ways.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|Man is a world-forming being, a being that actively constitutes his own world, but when everything is always already fully coded, the active constituting of the world is made superﬂuous, and we lose friction in relation to the world.We Romantics need a meaning that we ourselves realize – and the person who is preoccupied with self-realization inevitably has a meaning problem. This is no one collective meaning in life any more, a meaning that it is up to the individual to participate in. Nor is it that easy to find an own meaning in life, either. The meaning that most people embrace is self-realization as such, but it is not obvious what type of self is to be realized, nor whatshould possibly result from it. The person who is certain as regards himself will not ask the question as to who he is. Only a problematic self feels the need for realization.
A.E. Samaan|I am a hero! Are you?" - Chris
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|All that is gold does not glitter,Not all those who wander are lost.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Communication is the soul of all relationships. More than any other skill, it is the heartbeat of success in sales, marketing, marriage, business, friendship, communities, and beyond.
James Madison, The Federalist Papers|Don't let people supervise your life, If you know who you are, you shouldn't be living in that prison of dominance, live by your orders, you are your own soldier.
Sarah J. Maas|Given greater freedom about where to send their children, parents of a kind would flock together and so prevent a healthy intermingling of children from decidedly different backgrounds.
Carrie Brownstein|It was all about music, about getting your friends to come and see you play. I don't see that same intimacy happening very much today.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|In reality most human beings are not, to most human beings, more important than money.
Daniel Quinn, Beyond Civilization: Humanity's Next Great Adventure|Half the lies I tell are not true. To tell you the truth, half the true tales I tell are lies.
Ashok Kallarakkal|We all have a grain of god in us. We do get opportunities to realize it, when moments in life demand selfless deeds of compassion from us. But we often squander them.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God is not anybody's problem, nor are the many paths to him. However, man is God's problem. Most of the problems across the land are due to man's hand. Men playing God. Men tampering with the divine plan. If it was all left to God then there would be peace among all living things. Yet man is his own enemy. People doubt Satan exists, but he has always existed in left eye of every man. In the moon of man, which harbors the ego of man. Only when you train yourself to see only through your right eye, which reflects the sun, conscience and heart of man - will you have truly defeated Satan. Know which eye reflects the heart and which reflects the mind and only then will you really begin to see the light. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|The world, we'd discovered, doesn't love you like your family loves you.
Sara  Humphreys, The Good, the Bad, and the Vampire|If your life is a blank page, that only means you have room to write your story. You have the power to tell that story the way you want to.
Jettie Woodruff, Black Rain|There are two types of pain; one that hurt you, and one that changes who you are.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ever notice the word 'rough' in through? There is truth to that, though the way may be rough, we are still able to get through it.
FM-2030|Conventional names define a person's past: ancestry, ethnicity, nationality, religion. I am not who I was ten years ago and certainly not who I will be in twenty years
M. Spio, A Song for Carmine|I will look at the past, but I will not stare at it.
Ted Dekker, Renegade|Billos ran. He tore down the shore, bounded up on the rock, and dove into the air.  The warm water engulfed him. A boiling heat knocked the wind from his lungs. The shock alone might kill him. But it was pleasure that surged through his body, not pain. The sensations coursed through his bones in great unrelenting waves. Elyon. How he was certain, he did not know. But he knew. Elyon was in this lake with him. Billos opened his eyes. Gold light drifted by. He lost all sense of direction. The water pressed in on every inch of his body, as intense as any acid, but one that burned with pleasure instead of pain. He sank into the water, opened his mouth and laughed. He wanted more, much more. He wanted to suck the water in and drink it. Without thinking, he did just that. The liquid hit his lungs. Billos pulled up, panicked. He tried to hack the water from his lungs, but inhaled more instead. No pain. He carefully sucked more water and breathed it out slowly. Then again, deep and hard. Out with a soft whoosh. He was breathing the water! Billos shrieked with laughter. He swam into the lake, deeper and deeper. The power contained in this lake was far greater than anything he'd ever imagined. "I made this, Billos." Billos whipped his body around, searching for the words' source. "Elyon?" His voice was muffled, hardly a voice at all. "Do you like it?" "Yes!" Billos said. He might have spoken; he might have shouted--he didn't know. He only knew that his whole body screamed it.  Billos looked around. "Elyon?" "Why do you doubt me, Billos?" In that single moment the full weight of Billos's foolishness crashed on him like a sledgehammer. "I see you, Billos." "I made you." "I love you." The words crashed over him, reaching into the deepest folds of his flesh, caressing each hidden synapse, flowing through every vein, as though he had been given a transfusion. "I choose you, Billos." Billos began to weep. The feeling was more intense than any pain he had ever felt. The current pulled at him, tugging him up through the colors. His body trembled with pleasure. He wanted to speak, to yell, to tell the whole world that he was the most fortunate person in the universe. That he was loved by Elyon. Elyon himself. "Never leave me, Billos." "Never! I will never leave you." The current pushed him through the water and then above the surface not ten meters from the shore. He stood on the sandy bottom. For a moment he had such clarity of mind that he was sure he could understand the very fabric of space if he put his mind to it. He was chosen. He was loved.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|Actively, we are motivated by the never-ending desires of the self. We are compelled to pursue whatever the self imagines will satisfy its desires. We are convinced that satisfaction of desire is the source of true happiness. Yet the very nature of desire does not permit happiness. Like trying to quench one's thirst by drinking salt water, satisfying desire only stimulates the flow of desire. In the wake of fulfillment, desire once more stirs and reaches out. There is never lasting satisfaction, not even completion.
Andre Jordan|‎your first thought would send the power of Quantum physics into a hive of activity. your first thought, would inevitably become the destiny of the day
I. M. Pei|While films are a very visual and emotional artistic medium, video games take it one step further into the realm of a unique personal experience.
Daniel Greenberg|In the summer we graduated we flipped out completely, drinking beer, cruising in our cars and beating up each other. It was a crazy summer. That's when I started to be interested in girls.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Fear, to a great extent, is born of a story we tell ourselves...
George Orwell, 1984|silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.
Tanveer Hossain Mullick|When we all are already Traveling In Meridian of Earth \↑/ .... then how it could be possible for us, going back to the previous Meridian without stopping next Meridians !! ... - Tanveer Hossain Mullick \↑/
Maria Venegas, Bulletproof Vest: The Ballad of an Outlaw and His Daughter|It's okay", you say, perhaps more to yourself than to him. Like if you keep telling yourself that it's okay, then it will be.
Erwin K. Thomas, A Weekly Encounter: Fifty-Two Meditations of Hope|Our work in the world calls for many hands at the wheel. Planet earth is crying out in pain, and Christians have to pick up their crosses and follow Christ, his apostles and saints. These were all shining lights in a broken world ...
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|Man is mortal, and as the professor so rightly said mortality can come so suddenly
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I just wish you could see my demons for what they are, and lay here beside me on the floor. No words. Just your presence.
Philip Kerr|Believe me, I know a lot about harm's way. It turns sharp left off the road to Shitsville when you're least expecting it.
William Wilberforce|It is the experiences, the great triumphant joy of living to the fullest extent in which real meaning is found. God it's great to be alive!
Dennis E. Adonis|The Master's Sacred Knowledge.Love is the treasure you should seek! The greatest treasure to be foundis in your heart.It is a place where you have storedyour riches over the eons of time.It is a place nobody else can go,only you!BUT, you can only reach itby going into the heart centre.Not many people discover their treasure,as they are always lookingoutside for it in material objects,whereas it is inside and eternaland of an etheric nature.Love is that treasure!- Allan Rufus (.org)
Justin King|He hoped that none of his descendants would get mixed up in politics, which was a trade for butchers and bandits.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|You and your siblings are the most precious part of my life. And of all my children, you have the most potential to go anywhere you wish in this world – your test scores and grades have always been among the highest of your peers. But it’s clear now that you cannot reach your full potential in Syria.
Michael Pollan|I write about all manner of things: a guy fighting aliens in the New York State Library, Antarctica, Inca civilization in Peru, the Great Pyramid at Giza, and people often ask me, where do I get these ideas from? They come from reading widely, watching a lot of documentaries, and increasingly ,as I was able to, travelling around the world.
Lesa Howard, Phantom's Dance|This maze is laid out such that should you step through the correct path, by its end you will have learned the most extraordinary dance, such that any coronation would be proud to see you at the height of its feast, such that any holy dervish would weep and call you his devotion.""I think that is very strange—""All things are strange which are worth knowing.
Salman Rushdie|..now, seated hunched over paper in a pool of Anglepoised light, I no longer want to be anything except what who I am. Who what am I? My answer: I am the sum total of everything that went before me, of all I have seen done, of everything done-to-me. I am everyone everything whose being-in-the-world affected was affected by mine. I am anything that happens after I've gone which would not have happened if I had not come. Nor am I particularly exceptional in this matter; each 'I', every one of the now-six-hundred-million-plus of us, contains a similar multitude. I repeat for the last time: to understand me, you'll have to swallow a world.
Ken Wilber, Quantum Questions: Mystical Writings of the World's Great Physicists|Both the old and new physics were dealing with shadow-symbols, but the new physics was forced to be aware of that fact - forced to be aware that it was dealing with shadows and illusions, not reality.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|When you fill your soul by listening to and acting on your intuition, you'll find yourself moving toward the fulfillment of your dreams.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|We were like two atoms in one molecule, hydrogen and oxygen. Both explosive alone, but the source of everything when we came together.
Henri Poincaré, Science and Method|But if a man be alone, let him look at the stars. The rays that come from those heavenly worlds, will separate between him and vulgar things. One might think the atmosphere was made transparent with this design, to give man, in the heavenly bodies, the perpetual presence of the sublime. Seen in the streets of cities, how great they are! If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore; and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God which had been shown! But every night come out these envoys of beauty, and light the universe with their admonishing smile.
Hannah More|Forgiveness is the economy of the heart.…forgiveness saves the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|We need to be our own guide. We can live a much more peaceful and happy life if we think about positive growth of ourselves and others, and its effects on the universe." -Hina Hashmi
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Though I imagine we're killing ourselves right now in all manner of ways that'll seem insane to people in the future. And as doors to the next world go, a bog ain't a bad choice. It's not quite water and it's not quite land - it's an in-between place.
Cheryl Matthynssens, The Blackguard|Words have power, my son. Words can cut to the heart and soothe the deepest hurts. They can be puzzles that leave another pondering for days. I prefer to cast my spells of words in ways that make others think. It is a fault, I fear, that has come with age.
Krishna Saagar|Get it Right today, for today wil never come again
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|Without a sharp turnaround toward democracy and equality in the United States, Europe will be virtually alone in its commitment to social democracy. The pressures of low-wage immigrant labor, cheap imports from Eastern Europe and Asia, and free-market practices of governments are already threatening once secure areas of employment and causing right-wing populism to pop up in various Western European countries. Surprising numbers of middle-class and working-class voters have supported ultranationalist, neofascist parties throughout Europe because, like white male workers in the United States, they see their status slipping.
Mark Epstein, The Trauma of Everyday Life|There was a small glass vase between us, three gladioli in a few ounces of water. One of the gladioli had dropped a petal- brushstroke of purple on fine white cloth. Rinpoche drank the last sip of his tea, then set the cup aside, took the petal with his thumb and second finger, placed it on the middle of the saucer in front of him, and turned the cup upside down to cover it."I feel a lesson coming on," I said..."The flower is the good inside every person," he said. "The cup is like a wall, to protect. Many people have that wall.""Armor" I said. He nodded. "Why?""Because to live without the cup means you must feel the world as the world really is.
Sunday Adelaja|That is the fundamental nature of gifts: they move, and their value increases with their passage.
G.M. Jackson, Debunking Darwin's God: A Case Against BioLogos and Theistic Evolution|Wrong, and wrong agains,' he said. 'The likeness is already there. The metaphor only sees it. And it is not a mere figure of speech. It is the very essence of our minds as we seek to make sense of our surroundings, our experiences, ourselves, seeing similarities, parallels, connections. We cannot help it. Even as the mind fails, it goes on trying to make sense of what is happening to it.
George Mason|Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Outside the family circle, papa, I'm glad to say, is entirely unknown. I think that is quite as it should be. The home seems to me to be the proper sphere for the man.
Lauren Lilly Conrad|Do you think a sociopath cries to God as they die? Ironic that one counterfeit being would cry out to another for help, said Chiron.
Sam Crescent, I Want More|What's your name? Or is that taboo?--Cinnamon, Hot, Deadly Desire
Grant Morrison, The Filth|This man had something to hide, some shame in his past, and those with a past can always be bought.
Mark A.R. Kleiman|There is no more destructive force in human affairs -- not greed, not hatred -- than the desire to have been right. Non-attachment to possessions is trivial when compared with non-attachment to opinions.
Charles de Leusse|There is a presence, a silence, a stillness which is here by itself. There is no doer of it, no creator of this stillness. It is simply here in you, with you. It is the fragrance of your own self. There is nothing to do about this, it is naturally present. This fragrance of peace, this spaciousness, it is the fragrance of your own being.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|Submission is not in the bowing of heads or knees but in the humbling of your whole being (spirit, soul and body)
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|Moths and flames, mankind and death--there is little difference.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Creation|Fire can destroy or purify, strengthen or weaken, all depending on the nature of the material being burned. Pain has the same effects on the human soul, and for the same reasons.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|New hope, new dreams.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|Justice can only be delivered by someone who doesn't care to about how much he's paid, or where he is in the chain of command. Someone who's ego won't be inflated by grandeur or power. Someone who won't be influenced by this guy's being the CEO of this or his being the Mayor of that. And let's face it: that someone couldn't be human.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|Our thinking will automatically improve when we remember the words of Paul: 'know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and the spirit of God dwelleth in you?
Stephen King, Carrie|the late afternoon sunlight, warm as oil, sweet as childhood ...
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|I know you're competent and your thesis advisor knows you're competent. The question in our minds is are you really serious about what you're doing?"This was said to a young woman who had already spent five years and over $10,000 getting to that point in her Ph.D. program.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|I know what kind of man it takes to get involved with something as barbarous as human trafficking.”“I get it, Swopes. He’s not the kind of man you take home to meet yourstepmom.” I rethought that. “Wait a minute. Maybe my stepmom would like to meet him. Do you think he ships to Istanbul?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Well, in the early days of humans, the community was our only protection against predators, and against the starvation. We survived because we trusted one another.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people are each holding on to a lover of theirs who no longer loves them and/or who they no longer love, only because they do not want to have a reason or another reason to be jealous of the person who would eventually be their lover if they let go of them.
Sydney J. Harris, The Best of Sydney J. Harris|Only thing that makes us fail in all moments, expectations.
Jeaniene Frost, Eternal Kiss of Darkness|Illium, his expression subdued as it had been for too many days, turned to her. “Mind if I have a go?”“Kick his ass.”Stripping off his shirt and boots, Illium held out his hand for one of Venom’s blades. Lips curving, Venom passed it over. “Sure you can handle me, pretty, pretty Bluebell?”“Did I ever tell you about my snakeskin boots?” A savage grin, and she knew Venom was about to bear the brunt of whatever haunted the blue-winged angel.Venom swirled his blade in hand. “I do think I need some new feathers for my pillow.
Edgar Allan Poe|Frankly, I was horrified by life, at what a man had to do simply in order to eat, sleep, and keep himself clothed. So I stayed in bed and drank. When you drank the world was still out there, but for the moment it didn’t have you by the throat.
Kathleen Turner, Send Yourself Roses: Thoughts on My Life, Love, and Leading Roles|I feel different, better, about my personal life as well as my professional life. So much confidence comes simply because I have reached this very good age. Women my age today are forging new ground. Society stops defining us by our reproductive capacity, sexual attractiveness, or other traditional measures, so we become liberated from stereotype. We are freed to grow into our full selves.I couldn’t have allowed myself to feel so positive in the past. When I was at the height of my film career, I didn’t have the kind of respect I now have from the theatrical community. I hadn’t yet proved that I have the chops for the stage. But now I have a stature I’ve never before enjoyed.Virginia Woolf herself observed that when her Aunt Mary left her enough money to live on, her financial independence meant she “need not hate” or “flatter any man.” She said this was of even more value to her freedom and autonomy than the right to vote.
Nina George, The Little French Bistro|The radiance of this beautiful scene shed a cruel light on every past horror, every insult tolerated, every unspoken retort, every gesture of rejection. Marianne was grieving, and her boundless grief made her regret every moment of cowardice in her life.
Ford Madox Ford|The Empire State, a lonely dinosaur, rose sadly at midtown, highest tower, tallest mountain, longest road, King Kong's eyrie, meant to moor airships, alas.
Mark Epstein, The Trauma of Everyday Life|All beings tremble before danger, all fear death. When a man considers this, he does not kill or cause to kill.
E'yen A. Gardner, Break Free|I wrote home to say how lovely everything was, and I used flourishing words and phrases, as if I were living life in a greeting card - the kind that has a satin ribbon on it, and quilted hearts and roses, and is expected to be so precious to the person receiving it that the manufacturer has placed a leaf of plastic on the front to protect it.
Marisha Pessl|Well, life isn't a cakewalk, is it?! Eighty-nine percent of the world's most valuable art was created by men living in rat-infested flats. You think Velásquez wore Adidas? You think he enjoyed the luxuries of central heating and twenty-four-hour pizza delivery?!
Brett|Forgiveness is a promise not a feeling. When you forgive other people, you are making a promise not to use their past sin against them.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz, Leaving Brooklyn|Does being true to one's self mean offering the literal truth or the truth that should have been, the truth of the image of one's self? It hardly matters by this time. By this time the border between seeing straight on and seeing round the corners of solid objects, between the world as smooth and coherent and the world as dissociated skinless particle, is thoroughly blurred. No longer a case of double vision, but of two separate eyes whose separate visions - what happened and what might have happened - come together in what we call the past, which we see with hindsight. Memory is revision. I have just destroyed another piece of my past, to tell a story.
Jim Benton, Okay, So Maybe I Do Have Superpowers|Ant 1: So, uh, do you ever worry that your itsy little neck is just going to snap under the weight of your head? Ant 2: Stop asking me that. You ask me that, like, every five minutes. Ant 1: Sometimes I notice my antennae out of the corner of my eye and I'm all, like: AHH! Something is on me! Get it off! Get it off! Ant 2: Yeah, the antennae again. Listen, I just remembered, I have to go walk around aimlessly now.
MAD Magazine|(Parody that is often falsely believed to be a true quote of Mariah Carey's) Whenever I watch TV and see those poor starving kids all over the world, I can't help but cry. I mean I'd love to be skinny like that but not with all those flies and death and stuff. 
Ahmad Shamlou|I have a fairy by my side Which says I must not sleep, When once in pain I loudly cried It said "You must not weep" If, full of mirth, I smile and grin, It says "You must not laugh" When once I wished to drink some gin It said "You must not quaff". When once a meal I wished to taste It said "You must not bite" When to the wars I went in haste It said "You must not fight". "What may I do?" at length I cried, Tired of the painful task. The fairy quietly replied, And said "You must not ask". Moral: "You mustn't.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|my good qualities are under your protection, and you are to exaggerate them as much as possible; and, in return, it belongs to me to find occasion for teasing and quarreling with you as often as may be...
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|She's a skilled and swift fight, and I know she'll pass on her training on to you.
Kelley Armstrong, The Reckoning|You know children, always playing with the forces of darkness.
Anthony T. Hincks|You think good people can't hate?" she asked. "You think good people don't kill?"[...}"Good people do all the things bad people do, Lazlo. It's just that when they do them, they call it justice.
Georgette Mosbacher|The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
Winnie Holzman|Although the events we appear to perceive in dreams are illusory, our feelings in response to dream content are real. Indeed, most of the events we experience in dreams are real; when we experience feelings, say, anxiety or ecstasy, in dreams, we really do feel anxious or ecstatic at the time.
Terry Eagleton|Henceforth the crisis of urbanism is all the more concretely a social and political one, even though today no force born of traditional politics is any longer capable of dealing with it. Medico-sociological banalities on the 'pathology of housing projects,' the emotional isolation of people who must live in them, or the development of certain extreme reactions of rejection, chiefly among youth, simply betray the fact that modern capitalism, the bureaucratic society of consumption, is here and there beginning to shape its own setting. This society, with its new towns, is building the terrain that accurately represents it, combining the conditions most suitable for its proper functioning, while at the same time translating in space, in the clear language of organization of everyday life, its fundamental principle of alienation and constraint. It is likewise here that the new aspects of its crisis will be manifested with the greatest clarity.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|I couldn't believe I let him see me like this, unable to fend for myself. I fumed in disgust at my vulnerability. I didn't want Evan to think I needed protecting. I pulled back my torment and let the numb blanket envelop me, pushing away the stirred memories, the noise of the crowd, and the trembling that still lay beneath the surface. I stared at the flames licking at the darkness and everything was lost as I sank deeper into nothingness.
Kenneth Eade, Traffick Stop, an American Assassin's Story|There are two kinds of people we meet in our lives who make a difference: those who remain in our lives and those we only meet once. Each kind has a different type of impact, but both are important.
Fakeer Ishavardas|We're shadows! of naught;living, dying! for what's not.
Frank Beddor|Should is my all time least favorite word! It’s this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long, I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and I am braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me.
Karan Johar|It's kind of sad, the way we've turned the entertainment of reading into a kind of psychic broccoli - something to feel guilty about if you don't force it on your face-making children while dutifully consuming a few token florets yourself.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The best minds come from the most unexpected faces and places. There is no image for intelligence or genius. Genius is something that cannot be seen. It cannot be produced or manufactured. It is something that even the true genius thinks is unattainable. The genius recognizes he’s just a small pea in a sea of infinite atoms. Knowledge is as infinite as the universe. The man who claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing.
Tessa Emily Hall, Unwritten Melody|Words, to me, are the same as an instrument is to a musician. I never know where this typewriter is going to take me until I begin. I never know what I'm feeling until I read over what I have written.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|It's best to have your tools with you. If you don't, you're apt to find something you didn't expect and get discouraged.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|Why did adults have to be so thick? They always say “tell the truth,” and when you do, they don’t believe you. What’s the point?
Raheel Farooq|Philosophers wonder when they do not know, artists when they do.
April Young Fritz, Waiting to Disappear|They had never been able to sustain fifteen minutes’ conversation with one another without advancing irreconcilable points of view, invigorating in friendships, but in close blood relations producing only uneasy cordiality.
Lance L. Denney|The Libertarian Party convention wasn’t much better. You will never find a more stammering, awkward, inarticulate group of people than libertarians. I still remember the convention the previous year, entitled 'Women of Liberty.' All of the speakers were women, and all of the topics boiled down to 'Effectively Communicating Libertarian Ideas to Women' — in other words, 'How to talk to girls.' Looking around at the nearly entirely white male audience, it wasn’t hard to see why they chose this tack.
Shanley Caswell|When I got near teen age, I was so happy with my friends and the African-American culture that I couldn't imagine not being part of it.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|...I've been told that this building is here waiting for me. It's been my Buckingham Palace, my White House, my Taj Mahal, so coming here today as a real member is - well, it's a big deal.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A storm-filled life replete with piercing and unearthly sounds ravages the soul of any thoughtful person. In contrast, the genteel wind of restoration moves silently, invisibly. Renewal is a spiritual process, the communal melody that sustains us. Inexpressible braids of tenderness whispering reciprocating chords of love for family, friends, humankind, and nature plaits interweaved layers of blissful atmosphere, which copious heart song brings spiritual rejuvenation. For when we love in a charitable and bountiful manner without reservation, liberated from petty jealously, and free of the toxic blot of discrimination, we become the ineluctable wind that vivifies the lives of other people. The mellifluous changes in heaven, earth, and our journey through the travails of time, while worshiping the trove of fathomless joys of life, constitute the seeds of universal poetry.
Christy Leigh Stewart|I hallowed out my Bible to put another, smaller Bible inside.
Gina Linko, Flower Moon|One longs and longs to be grown up, doesn't one?," she said, "I dreamed of being eighteen and having a Season and meeting handsome gentlemen even apart from Dominic and falling in love with them and marrying him and living happily ever after. But life is not nearly as that simple when one finally does grow up.
-Akshay Vasu|Then as for those who gaze upon many beautiful things but don't see the beautiful itself, and aren't even capable of following someone else who leads them to it, and upon many just things but not the just itself, and all the things like that, we'll claim that they accept the seeming of everything but discern nothing of what they have opinions about.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|Ah, I believe Schacht. Only too willingly; that’s to say, I think what he says is absolutely true, for the world is incomprehensibly crass, tyrannical, moody, and cruel to sickly and sensitive people. Well, Schacht will stay here for the time being. We laughed at him a bit, when he arrived, that can’t be helped either, Schacht is young and after all can’t be allowed to think there are special degrees, advantages, methods, and considerations for him. He has now had his first disappointment, and I’m convinced that he’ll have twenty disappointments, one after the other. Life with its savage laws is in any case for certain people a succession of discouragements and terrifying bad impressions. People like Schacht are born to feel and suffer a continuous sense of aversion. He would like to admit and welcome things, but he just can’t. Hardness and lack of compassion strike him with tenfold force, he just feels them more acutely. Poor Schacht. He’s a child and he should be able to revel in melodies and bed himself in kind, soft, carefree things. For him there should be secret splashings and birdsong. Pale and delicate evening clouds should waft him away in the kingdom of Ah, What’s Happening to Me? His hands are made for light gestures, not for work. Before him breezes should blow, and behind him sweet, friendly voices should be whispering. His eyes should be allowed to remain blissfully closed, and Schacht should be allowed to go quietly to sleep again, after being wakened in the morning in the warm, sensuous cushions. For him there is, at root, no proper activity, for every activity is for him, the way he is, improper, unnatural, and unsuitable. Compared with Schacht I’m the trueblue rawboned laborer. Ah, he’ll be crushed, and one day he’ll die in a hospital. or he’ll perish, ruined in body and soul, inside one of our modern prisons.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Once the woman decided to get free, she had also decided to stay free... The older Jo =got, the more he understood about the woman he called Ma. The more he understood that sometimes staying free required unimaginable sacrifice.
Jamaluddin Jamali|We all move on from history to chance, sorrow to sorrow, hope to hope, joy to joy. Read the book of fiction on the theme. its title is FROM HISTORY TO CHANCE
Wilbur Wright|Animals are sentient, intelligent, perceptive, funny and entertaining. We owe them a duty of care as we do to children.
Vernor Vinge, A Fire Upon the Deep|All evil and good is petty before Nature. Personally, we take comfort from this, that there is a universe to admire that cannot be twisted to villainy or good, but which simply is.
Tana French, Faithful Place|Beryl, on death: “No, you should never choose death, but it chooses you. Sometimes you know it’s coming, like my mother, and sometimes it takes you by surprise, like my friend Ariel’s uncle who got killed in a hunting accident. Sooner or later, we all get chosen, we all get taken from this world into the next. Whether we end up in Heaven or Hell, and what we do with our lives in the meantime—those are the choices we get to make.” – The Enemy’s Table
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There is strength in numbers, yes, but even more so in collective good will. For those endeavors are supported by mighty forces unseen.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|We may observe in some of the abrupt grounds we meet with, sections of great masses of strata, where it is as easy to read the history of the sea, as it is to read the history of Man in the archives of any nation.
Jodi Meadows, The Orphan Queen|I wasn't concerned, but I was thinking that the fastest way to get your mind off him and on me would be to tell you something truly appalling about him.
Heinrich Heine|Where they burn books, at the end they also burn people
Tom Burns|He’d always loved this land, loved how his family had tamed it. It was as much a part of him as his blood. Being involved with him meant moving back here. Being surrounded by bad memories.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|We live our lives, do whatever we do, and then we sleep. It's as simple and ordinary as that. A few jump out windows, or drown themselves, or take pills; more die by accident; and most of us are slowly devoured by some disease, or, if we're very fortunate, by time itself. There's just this for consolation: an hour here or there when our lives seem, against all odds & expectations, to burst open & give us everything we've ever imagined, though everyone but children (and perhaps even they) know these hours will inevitably be followed by others, far darker and more difficult. Still, we cherish the city, the morning, we hope, more than anything for more. Heaven only knows why we love it so.
Jane Seymour|I love 3-D. I have been a big fan of 3-D for a long, long time. I took my 1988 wedding pictures in 3-D!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|If I didn't care for fun and such,I'd probably amount to much.But I shall stay the way I am,Because I do not give a damn.
Lester Swan|What will undo any boundary is the awareness that it is our vision, and not what we are viewing, that is limited.
Vendela Vida|You panic and you rage, then this calm settles over you, and you remake yourself.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|It's neither judgment nor judgment according to the status quo that we have a problem with, but rather judgment according to God's Word that we have a problem with. We sharply dress ourselves, go out into the world, shape ourselves, our personalities according to the world's standards and preferences, allow ourselves to be made dull by the world and its desires in order to appear successful and happy and attractive in the eyes of the world. We love the world's judgment but we hate God's judgment. Absurdly enough, the one that really matters, the one out of the purest of loves rather than a mere contract in hopes of mutual gain, is the one which we so adamantly try to shut ourselves off from.
T.A. Young|Elephant wanted no part of Rupert Panther. Rather, he wanted Rupert Panther to have no part of him, which was a realistic concern because Rupert was looking at Elephant like a gambler coming off a marathon poker game in Las Vegas looks at the all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet, like he has something to settle with a tall stack of pancakes, and he's all business and all fork.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the only reality, everything else is secondary.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|All my life my dad felt this need to protect his kids from a war he fought, a war I believed could never reach out and touch us, could never hurt us—and yet he fed us lies with his answers, shielding us from the truth about what he did there, about what he saw, about who he was before the war, and about what he became because of it. He lied to protect us from his memories, from his nightmares. Standing with my dad at The Wall, I knew the truth—no one could know so many names engraved in granite if he 'never was in danger.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|...But behind all your stories is always your mother's story, because hers is where yours begins.
George Orwell, 1984|Sometimes they threaten you with something - something you can't stand up to, can't even think about. And then you say, "Don't do it to me, do it to somebody else, do it to So-and-so." And perhaps you might pretend, afterwards, that it was only a trick and that you just said it to make them stop and didn't mean it. But that isn't true. At the time when it happens you do mean it. You think there's no other way of saving yourself, and you're quite ready to save yourself that way. You WANT it to happen to the other person. You don't give a damn what they suffer. All you care is yourself.
Jacqueline Winslow|Faith doesn't always come naturally but as we take those steps of faith, we notice little by little that our faith has grown and it isn't as hard as we first thought. 
Charles Stross, The Rapture of the Nerds: A tale of the singularity, posthumanity, and awkward social situations|Oh, dear--did I forget to mention that you can, indeed, have it all, but you need a lot of help!
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Fire In You|I loved you when I was eight. I loved you when I was twelve. I loved you when I was twenty, and I... I love you now.
Drew Brees|I like to use 'I Can't Believe it's Not Butter' on my toast in the morning, because sometimes when I eat breakfast, I like to be incredulous. How was breakfast? Unbelievable.
Hamza Aslam|An element of wisdom is knowing that life experiences are blood brothers with climate change, whether you have the resources to detect weather changes, it can still surprise you anytime.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul be Damned for the World, Vol. 2|They met me in the day of success: and I havelearned by the perfectest report, they have more inthem than mortal knowledge. When I burned in desireto question them further, they made themselves air,into which they vanished. Whiles I stood rapt inthe wonder of it, came missives from the king, whoall-hailed me 'Thane of Cawdor;' by which title,before, these weird sisters saluted me, and referredme to the coming on of time, with 'Hail, king thatshalt be!' This have I thought good to deliverthee, my dearest partner of greatness, that thoumightst not lose the dues of rejoicing, by beingignorant of what greatness is promised thee. Lay itto thy heart, and farewell.
J.K. Rowling|Ron's ears turned bright red and he become engrossed in a tuft of grass at his feet, which he prodded with his toe 'he must've known I'd run out on you'.'No', Harry corrected him, 'He must've known you'd always want to come back
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!
Sinclair Lewis, Arrowsmith|I was feeling rational and restless, which is horrible for watching movies
Hugo Chavez|I went to Coachella once, and it was only to go see Leonard Cohen. I got in the car and sat through all the crazy traffic in L.A. to get there - instead of a two hour drive, it takes, like, six hours. Then I watched his set and turned around and left. I just so wanted to see him perform in the desert.
Alexis de Tocqueville|Creative non-fiction is such a liberating genre because it allows the non-fiction writer, whether he or she be journalist or essayist, to use all of the techniques of the fiction writer and all of the ideas, creative approaches, that fiction writers get a chance to use, but they have to use it in a true story.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|This dress is what I want to see on you tomorrow evening and what I want to take off you tomorrow night," he whispers.
Kate Seredy|But, deep in her heart she knew more than what the words read or heard seemed to say. She knew that every letter in every word in every war bulletin was, somewhere, first written in blood of men, of human beings, who had once smiled and sung songs, eaten, drunk, slept and loved.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|He exuded wisdom-even the wisest...were pale, flickering candles next to the nourishing solar illumination of [his] insights.
Yilda B. Rivera, Courage Under Fire|It is up to you. How far you want to go and how far you want to grow. Do not let that your worries, the unanswered questions or the abundant and free offer of distractions draw you away from the One who wants to illuminate your way . . .
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|On building homes for fallen angels:When I was small - I sought a home,a place to go and rest my bones.Then founded something, of my own,I lived among the restless stones.If seeking leads you back to evil,what good is that, I asked a weevil.He said a home is what you make,it can't be real, if it is fake...And if you wait instead of seek,will you find love, or something bleak?I know (myself) for I have found,a beauty, hidden – in a sound.Waiting is boring.And so is exploring.A smile is sometimes all it takes.And then your whole world simply breaks.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|bottom of page 33:We all want to feel needed, and we also want to be with people who can manage on their own, if needbe.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|I loved the different voices all singing one song, the various tones and qualities, the passing lifts of feeling, rising up and going out forever. Old Man Profet, who was a different man on Sunday, used to draw out the notes at the ends of verses so he could listen to himself, and in fact it sounded pretty.
James  Cameron|The job of a journalist is to amplify the voices of the marginalized. To do that, you have to hear those voices in the first place.
Robert Tew|If love becomes too painful, then it's time to let that love go and save yourself. You have to keep this in mind because you'll be able to find another love but not another self.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|A twelve year old Ben Linus just gave me a chicken salad sandwich, how do you think I am?
Sabine Shah|When we cannot see, we don't judge. Small wonder when we kiss, cry, laugh, make love, are in pain, pray and listen to music, we close our eyes.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|And so life went on, as it always will.It had taken an awful lot to get there, for no victory comes without hardship and sacrifice.But then, those whom we hold so dear, that we fight so hard to protect, and suffer so greatly for, are always worth it in the end.
Gabrielle Tozer|Being a writer is 1% inspiration, 50% perspiration and 49% explaining you're not a millionaire like J.K.Rowling.
Paul Miller, Love Walked Among Us: Learning to Love Like Jesus|Those who speak of man's "free will," and insist upon his inherent power to either accept or reject the Saviour, do but voice their ignorance of the real condition of Adam's fallen children.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without adversity, we never find who we are.
George W. Bush|The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.
Sugata Mitra|With me, writing is 60% imagination, 30% people you know and 10% you don't know where it comes from.
Tom Althouse|IF I HAD a dime for every time I’ve heard “We’re all going to die” or “I’ll kill you,” I could afford a better apartment. You can only listen to so many threats of destruction, doom, or death before you start tuning them all out. So I followed the wolf out of the building, then went home. 
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Is it not curious, that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye, and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare's? But if his eyes were broad as the lens of Herschel's great telescope; and his ears capacious as the porches of cathedrals; would that make him any longer of sight, or sharper of hearing? Not at all.—Why then do you try to "enlarge" your mind? Subtilize it
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Here's my advice to you: don't marry until you can tell yourself that you've done all you could, and until you've stopped loving the women you've chosen, until you see her clearly, otherwise you'll be cruelly and irremediably mistaken. Marry when you're old and good for nothing...Otherwise all that's good and lofty in you will be lost.
Goldie Hawn|I try to stay positive and be very, very active.
Louis Tomlinson, Dare to Dream: Life as One Direction|When I was growing up we didn't have a massive house and there were five women running around, so my dad and I had to stick together!
Chris Massoglia|When I was 14, I came very close to becoming a gay teen suicide 'statistic,' but I then turned to music, my piano, my loved ones, and discovered that it does in fact get better.
Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Book|There are various names for god- Allah, Almighty, Jesus and hundreds of other names but the one I like the most is 'mother'.
Quintilian|Writing, of course, is writing, acting comes from the theater, and cinematography comes from photography. Editing is unique to film. You can see something from different points of view almost simultaneously, and it creates a new experience.
S. Alice Callahan, Wynema: A Child of the Forest|But, my dear friend Wildfire," said Carl Peterson laying his hand on the Indian's shoulder, "this is not a policy to live by." "Then let it be a policy to die by," defiantly spoke the Indian. "If we cannot be free, let us die. What is life to a caged bird, threatened with death on all sides?
C.E. Murphy, Raven Calls|The gene contains a single 'word', repeated over and over again: CAG, CAG, CAG, CAG ... The repetition continues sometimes just six times, sometimes thirty, sometimes more than a hundred times. Your destiny, your sanity and your life hang by the thread of this repetition. If the 'word' is repeated thirty-five times or fewer, you will be fine.Most of us have about ten to fifteen repeats. If the 'word' is repeated thirty-nine times or more, you will in mid-life slowly start to lose your balance, grow steadily more incapable of looking after yourself and die prematurely.
A.E. Samaan|After all, I thought, what were days and weeks in the presence of eternity?
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Vitamin D can be considered as vitamin of "defense" since it cures several diseases.
Dale T. Mortensen|My wife handles all of our technology. So if something goes wrong with the computer, I throw up my arms and step aside while the IT gal figures it out.
Theodore Volgoff|Well, the way you'd been, old ladyI could see the fear in your windowsUnder your furry crawling browA silver bow rings up in inchesYou were afraid you'd be the devil's red wifeBut it's alright, God dug your danceAnd would have you young and in his harum
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Improve on upon your limit of thinking; it is the best step to repair what has been destroyed by limited thinking. Think big, think wide, and above all think positively!
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Pirate Lord|The method of science is tried and true. It is not perfect, it's just the best we have. And to abandon it, with its skeptical protocols, is the pathway to a dark age.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Unconsciously we all have a standard by which we measure other men, and if we examine closely we find that this standard is a very simple one, and is this: we admire them, we envy them, for great qualities we ourselves lack. Hero worship consists in just that. Our heroes are men who do things which we recognize, with regret, and sometimes with a secret shame, that we cannot do. We find not much in ourselves to admire, we are always privately wanting to be like somebody else. If everybody was satisfied with himself, there would be no heroes.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Tales of a Wayside Inn|Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing,Only a signal shown and a distant voice in the darkness;So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another,Only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence.
Steven Erikson|Now get going. You'll find a way of calm through.""And you, Mael?""I'll drop in later. I've things for you to do, Withal. But for now," he faced inland, "I'm going to beat a god senseless.
Val Uchendu|you must never stop believing in yourself, because you were born to make a difference in this world
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Never give up your wife, husband, children and families.Believe that people can change.Give others opportunity to change.
Goitsemang Mvula|Many men, One CryOne Woman, a Pleasant Pride.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|What would your good do if evil didn't exist, and what would the earth look like if all the shadows disappeared?
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Gansey clucked at his bedraggled reflection in the dark-framed mirror hanging in the front hallway. Chainsaw eyed herself briefly before hiding on the other side of Ronan's neck; Adam did the same, but without the hiding-in-Ronan's-neck bit. Even Blue looked less fanciful that usual, the lighting rendering her lampshade dress and spiky hair as a melancholy Pierrot.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|After the Stonewall riots the gay activists had their idealistic hearts in the right place but it turned out they had underestimated the realpolitik of organized crime. Indeed, as gay liberation blossomed in the wild 1970s the bars and bathhouses became increasingly lucrative enterprises, and the Mafia had no intention of abandoning a racket it had controlled for decades. The Mafia families maintained their control by exercising the proverbial carrot and stick. The wise guys seemingly embraced the gay rights movement and cut more so-called Auntie Gays into the action as their fronts, and resorted to violent threats and sometimes murder against others who refused to play ball with the crime families. There were few legitimate businessmen in gay nightlife of the 1970s.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited|People are related to one another, not as total personalities, but as the embodiments of economic functions, or when they are not at work, as irresponsible seekers of entertainment. Subjected to this kind of life, individuals tend to feel lonely and insignificant. Their existence cases to have any point of meaning
Vincent van Gogh|Though I am often in the depths of misery, there is still calmness, pure harmony and music inside me. I see paintings or drawings in the poorest cottages, in the dirtiest corners. And my mind is driven towards these things with an irresistible momentum.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Day Watch|The actor playing Lee got really irritated. He tried to escape by turning, running, or twisting and talking or yelling above the voice of the illness, but the illness didn't sit quietly.
Helena Bonham Carter|Indian paper is famous, Egyptian papyrus, Chinese paper... every country has used this natural material. But the problem is it's going to run out because it's very difficult work.
Luke  Taylor|I covered the scar with concealer every day because I wanted my body to be a flawless figurine, but this blemish would be with me forever.
Gerald Morris, The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady|This is your war now.' I despised myself for the cheesy sentiment, but what else did I have?'Some war,' he said dismissively. 'What am I at war with? My cancer. And what is my cancer? My cancer is me. The tumors are made of me. They're made of me as surely as my brain and my heart are made of me. It is a civil war, Hazel Graze, with a predetermined winner.
Neville Chamberlain|We all want peace. Unfortunately, there are times when peace must be defended by fighting terror and tyranny.
Justin Simien|I’m a writer/director, my movie is a hit at Sundance, I have a wonderful loving boyfriend, and wow, I have financial stability. Why can’t I get out of bed still? It made it even worse, because there’s nothing else I want. This is what I’m born to do. I’m living my purpose, I’m paying my rent, what’s missing?
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|I believe all women know in their heart of hearts that they truly are divine and magical, even if they've temporarily forgotten.
Gena Showalter, Catch a Mate|Yes, men are pigs. Except your brother, of course. He's actually a decent human being. Almost a woman.-Jillian's mother
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We must seek the spirituality of the soul, to find our sacred-path.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|My friend, love is a verb. Love—the feeling—is a fruit of love, the verb. So love her. Serve her. Sacrifice. Listen to her. Empathize. Appreciate. Affirm her. Are you willing to do that?
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|Just as the world was quiet when the atrocities of apartheid were being committed, so it was when the farm murders took place. Perhaps the threshold of the world’s conscience was far higher and the murdered had to number in the hundreds of thousands before they were recognized by the international community.
Jason Lee|I was a weird teenager. My mother was actually worried because I didn't have any interest in dating in my teenage years. I had all this desire to pursue my passions like ballet, then sailing, then music, so I didn't have any emptiness to fill.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's grace is seed of salvation through faith in Christ Jesus, the Son of God.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|when true purpose calls, double mindedness, confusion and frustration come along.
Michael  Grant|And then the turbines generate electricity that goes into the whole town.""You mean they aren't powered by giant hamsters on wheels? I was misinformed.
Alok Jagawat|The lesser is the contact with the outside, the greater is the contact with inside.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|When denial is in play, a person simply refuses to recognize the truth, no matter how apparent.
J.B.S. Haldane, Faith and Fact|Some people spend their entire lives devoted to a religion that claims to be the ‘right’ religion... they often deny scientific evidence that contradicts their archaic holy books, they sometimes oppress those who disagree with them, and they always do what they do in the name of an unknowable deity... but sometimes, they wake up. Occasionally, they realize that all religions are man-made and that none of them are ‘right.’ And when they do, they can live happy and fulfilling lives without dogma and without anticipating or fearing an afterlife.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|I wish grace and healing were more abracadabra kind of things. Also, that delicate silver bells would ring to announce grace's arrival. But no, it's clog and slog and scootch, on the floor, in the silence, in the dark.
Robert McKee|Just as the way sun is behind the moon’s light reflection, I know that everything which comes into my life, or every thing I notice, I see, I hear, has a story behind it. And that story connects it to me. So I become curious to know these back stories. And the more I know them, the more I know myself, each time in a different way.
Kate Evangelista, No Love Allowed|The heart, so small, yet, able to grow so large, sometimes always wants to take or give more than can be managed successfully. Thanks to the rational head, though, it's always there to save her from taking more than she can contain. . . . or so it thinks.
Sunday Adelaja|When we access ourselves wrongly, we cannot see our ability to achieve a goal
Faith Hill|I've always been short and stocky. So when I got into repertory theatre after graduation, I found myself doing character roles: because of my deep voice, shape and height, I was playing 40-year-old, 50-year-old roles at the age of 23.
Irving Townsend|Once you have had a wonderful dog, a life without one, is a life diminished.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The ignorant learn from none, the simple learn from some, the intelligent learn from many, but the enlightened learn from all.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|Her life is lived through the masterpiece of art, that she cannot draw.
Sunday Adelaja|Christians, as messengers of God should bring restoration to this earth, become the people who can reform society and the country
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|But for now, the future, like the past, means nothing. For now, there is only a homestead built of trash and scraps, at the edge of a broken city, just beyond a towering city dump; and our arrival-hungry, and half-frozen, to a place of food and water and walls that keep out the brutal winds. This, for us, is heaven.
Val Silver, Rescue Me: Tales of Rescuing the Dogs Who Became Our Teachers, Healers, and Always Faithful Friends|Dogs are owned for their loyalty, but men are owned only because of their stupidity.
Jerry Yang|David Letterman was my guy growing up. My parents recorded the tenth anniversary special for me, and I watched it 40 times.
James Ellroy, American Tabloid|Some of them screamed. Some of them wept. Some of them grinned like LSD was a blast. A case officer said John Stanton hatched the idea - lets flood Cuba with this shit before we invade. Langley co-signed the brainstorm. Langley embellished it: Let's induce mass hallucinations and stage the second coming of Christ!!!! Langley found some suicidal actors. Langley dolled them up to look like J.C. Langley had them set to pre-invade Cuba concurrent with the dope saturation. Peter howled. The case officer said, 'It's not funny.' A drug-zorched peon whipped out his wang and jacked off.
Sue Fitzmaurice|The real you, the inner you, loves and adores you; but you cut off that power when you think badly of yourself.
Steve Hamilton, The Lock Artist|I didn't know that once you've proven yourself useful to the wrong people, you'll never be free again.
Shannon Hale, Dangerous|Besides, your a cat.Its your nature to think your the center of the univ
Don DeLillo|Emphasizing the crowd means de-emphasizing individual humans in the design of society, and when you ask people not to be people, they revert to bad, mob-like behaviors.
L.M. Fields|There should be a public outcry about what happened to me and other women in the name of our government! But history has shown “the customs of society and laws of the State allowed it to crush my aspirations and barred me from the the pursuit of almost every object worthy of an intelligent, rational mind.”45 What law has the right to entrust the interest of myself and my children into the hands of such an evil bunch of men? I did not occupy my rightful place in 1976.45. (paraphrased from Gurko, Miriram, The Ladies of Seneca Falls; the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement, 1974.
Stant Litore, Strangers in the Land|For the human memory is short, and even when we write it in stone we quickly forget and the stones crumble and even those stones then forget.
Elizabeth Bear, Carnival|When something hurts them, they weep.By night, they rest, they sleep
Erin Kellison, Bring Me a Dream|All that Anne Rice crap is true, I thought on my way out the door; New Orleans really does have a vampire problem.Besides me, of course.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|If priests—of all clans—were free of disease and immune to death, then there might be some basis for the claim of the religionists. But these "men of God" are victims of the natural course of life, "even as you and I." They enjoy no exemptions. They suffer the same ills; they feel the same sensations; they are subject to the same passions of the body, the same frailties of the mind, are victims of circumstances and misfortune, and they meet inevitable death just as every other person. They commit the same kind of crimes as other mortals, and especially, because of their "calling," many are notoriously involved in the embezzlement of church funds. Nor does their calling protect them from the "passions of the flesh." The scandalous conduct of many "men of the cloth," in the realm of moral turpitude, often ends in murder. That is why there are so many "men of God" in our jails, and why so many have paid the supreme penalty in the death chair.They are not free from a single rule of life; what others must endure, they likewise must experience. They cannot protect themselves from the forces of nature, and the laws of life, any more than you can. What they can do, you can do, too. Their claims of being "anointed" and "vicars of God" on earth are false and hypocritical.If they cannot fulfill their promises while you are alive, how can they accomplish them when you are dead? If they are impotent Here, where they could demonstrate their powers, how ridiculous are their promises to accomplish them in the "Hereafter," the mythical abode which exists only in their dishonest or deluded imagination?
Paula Hendricks, Confessions of a Boy-Crazy Girl: On Her Journey From Neediness to Freedom|Trust God with your love life, and buckle up for the ride!
Martin Heidegger,|Human existence can relate to beings only if it holds itself out into the nothing. Going beyond beings occurs in the essence of Dasein. But this going beyond is metaphysics itself. This implies that metaphysics belongs to the "nature of man." It is neither a division of academic philosophy nor a field of arbitrary notions. Metaphysics is the basic occurrence of Dasein. It is Dasein itself. Because the truth of metaphysics dwells in this groundless ground it stands in closest proximity to the constantly lurking possibility of deepest error. For this reason no amount of scientific rigor attains to the seriousness of metaphysics. Philosophy can never be measured by the standard of the idea of science.If the question of the nothing unfolded here has actually questioned us, then we have not simply brought metaphysics before us in an extrinsic manner. Nor have we merely been "transposed" to it. We cannot be transposed there at all, because insofar as we exist we are always there already. "For by nature, my friend, man's mind dwells in philosophy" (Plato, Phaedrus, 279a). So long as man exists, philosophizing of some sort occurs. Philosophy―what we call philosophy―is metaphysics getting under way, in which philosophy comes to itself and to its explicit tasks. Philosophy gets under way only by a peculiar insertion of our own existence into the fundamental possibilities of Dasein as a whole. For this insertion it is of decisive importance, first, that we allow space for beings as a whole; second, that we release ourselves into the nothing, which is to say, that we liberate ourselves from those idols everyone has and to which he is wont to go cringing; and finally, that we let the sweep of our suspense take its full course, so that it swings back into the basic question of metaphysics which the nothing itself compels: 'Why are there beings at all, and why not rather nothing?'"―from_What is Metaphysics?_
John Carlin, Rafael Nadal, Rafa|While there are things about which one does not boast, there are others for which to be pitied would be all too humiliating.
Sahil Sachdeva|What others will think?” has killed the most dreams,Living the mainstream has never been the mainstream,Free people know how to live without remorse,They know ships aren’t meant to stay at shores.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|My fear for you outweighs my fear of him,” he said simply. “And I told you, didn’t I? If you left, I’d follow you.”But should you try to leave on your own, know that I will go to the ends of the earth to bring you back.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: And the Path of Loving Kindness|Even though there are so many teachings, so many meditations, so many instructions, the basic point of it all is just to learn to be extremely honest and also wholehearted about what exists in your mind - thoughts, emotions bodily sensations, the whole thing that adds up to what we call "me" or "I".
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|Here must thou be, O man,Strength to thyself — no helper hast thou here —Here keepest thou thy individual state:No other can divide with thee this work,No secondary hand can interveneTo fashion this ability. 'Tis thine,The prime and vital principle is thineIn the recesses of thy nature, farFrom any reach of outward fellowship,Else 'tis not thine at all.
Laurence Giliotti, Gambrelli and the Prosecutor|Great detectives are extremely rare. I believe they are the products of thousands of years of evolution. Their abilities to perceive and understand cannot be learned or taught. We can only wait for them to appear. It is unfortunate they are so few, and even more tragic that fewer still ever find their way into police work.
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|Elegance and smartness is the sexiest thing woman can have, not just the flesh
Erich Segal, Love Story|I wanted to keep looking at her because I wanted to never take my eyes from her, but still I had tolower my eyes, I was so ashamed that even now Jenny was reading my mind so perfectly.'Listen, that's the only goddamn thing I'm asking, Ollie. Otherwise, I know you'll be okay.' That thing in my gut was stirring again, so I was afraid to even speak the word 'okay.' I justlooked mutely at Jenny.
Edward de Bono|We can have no progress without change, whether it be basketball or anything else.
Michel Foucault|If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
Rob MacGregor, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade|Movies touch our hearts and awaken our vision, and change the way we see things. They take us to other places, they open doors and minds. Movies are the memories of our life time, we need to keep them alive.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|If I breathe, what will my heart think?If I vomit, what will my soul think?
Liberty Forrest, Meditation Essentials|Whether you’ve never meditated before or you’ve been doing it religiously for years, it is always good to evaluate (or re-evaluate) your practice. Although I’ve been meditating and teaching it for years, I still enjoy reading new information about it, learning new techniques, and checking out new meditation recordings. There is always something to learn because there are as many ways to meditate as there are people who are doing it.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|Flirting with random women in a tavern? That sounds like Helios. Well, it sounds like most of the gods, actually.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Oftentimes winning can become an addiction, whether good or bad, to the point where you would rather lose it all before you lose at all.
Ang Lee|I have been to anger management twice. After the first session the lady was like, 'Baby, you don't seem that angry at all. You seem like a really nice guy.'
J.D. Salinger, Hapworth 16, 1924|God bless ladies with costly, tasteful clothes and touching, dirty fingernails that champion gifted, foreign poets and decorate the library in beautiful, melancholy fashion! My God, this universe is nothing to snicker at!
Marie Coulson, Bound Together|People give up on each other long before they give up on themselves, and they do that, too.
John Forbes Nash, Jr.|Every year, some 65,000 high school students - many of them star students and leaders in their communities - are unable to go to college or get a good job because they have no legal status.
Courtney Milan|I swear to God, if GreatReads doesn't stop sending me these notification emails...how many times do I have to turn them off?
Seymour Simon|Knowledge empowers people with our most powerful tool: the ability to think and decide. There is no power for change greater than a child discovering what he or she cares about. (Speech about Global Warming read on the National Mall for the 40th anniversary of Earth Day, 2010)
Derrick Jensen, A Language Older Than Words|My life is flashing lights and pointing fingers and uninvited visitors. Inches away, humans flatten their little hands against the wall of glass that separates us.The glass says you are this and we are that and that is how it will always be.
Joe Bastianich|A woman can be demure, lady-like and the most prim and proper character, and still have a toughness and resiliency as apparent as a superhero-type female character or a warrior or soldier type. It's all about the story, the character, and the course of events in that piece of work and how that character is presented.
Walter Lippmann|The mother must socialize her daughter to become subordinate to men, and if her daughter challenges patriarchal norms, the mother is likely to defend the patriarchal structures against her own daughters.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It was that culture of denial that allowed my abuse to take place to start with. Did you know that it wasn't until 1984 that the Department of Health added the category of "sexual abuse" to its list of harms that can befall children? When I was being raped and made pregnant at the age of 11, it wasn't just my own dissociative process that told me that it wasn't happening; it was society too. "We don't have a category for that. Computer says no."͏
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|And we're not alone, you know, children," came Mrs. Whatsit, the comforter. "All through the universe, it's being fought, all through the cosmos, and my, but it's a grand and exciting battle. I know it's hard for you to understand about size, how there's very little difference in the size of the tiniest microbe and the greatest galaxy. You think about that, and maybe it won't seem strange to you that some of our very best fighters have come right from your own planet, and it's a little planet, dears, out on the edge of a little galaxy. You can be proud that it's done so well.""Who have our fighters been? Calvin asked."Oh, you must know them, dear," Mrs. Whatsit said. Mrs. Who's spectacles shone out at them triumphantly. "And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not." "Jesus!" Charles Wallace said. "Why of course, Jesus!""Of course!" Mrs. Whatsit said. "Go on, Charles, love. There were others. All your great artists. They've been lights for us to see by.
Steve Maraboli|You can't force someone to care... You can only come to the realization that if you stay, they'll keep hurting you. I wish you the wisdom and courage to walk away and begin the healing process.
Candice Millard, The River of Doubt: Theodore Roosevelt's Darkest Journey|The ordinary traveler, who never goes off the beaten route and who on this beaten route is carried by others, without himself doing anything or risking anything, does not need to show much more initiative and intelligence than an express package," Roosevelt sneered.
Deyth Banger|It’s hard to see what’s good, what’s right, when you’re in the middle of it
Stefan Molyneux|I would respect feminist who said "Single moms, are you kidding me? Stop taking government benefits because, the government is the patriarchy. So, you are taking things from the patriarchy so you dont have to be responsible. Any woman who takes money from the government using cops who usually extract it from men by force is not a feminist. Is a exceedingly bad bride of the state." I would admire that but, of course feminism doesn't have anything to do with any of that stuff.Look, it's fine. Have your fun. Make fun of men. Go for it. Yea, we're all idiots, we're all selfish, greedy bastards. Ok, it's fine because the government is going to run out of money soon and then all these woman are going to try to find some guy to latch onto when the benefits stop flowing and I mean, you saw this happening with the soviet union. "Now we need you! You guys are great! We missed you so much! Give me some money!"It's just a bunch of noise from a bunch of people who are stealing from the productive.
Marie Antoinette|I think of myself as somebody who, in a moment-to-moment way, I'm quite happy. But I think I am a bit doubtful and wary of true happiness, and, like a lot of my friends, there's been a good degree of self-sabotage.
Gris Grimly, Gris Grimly's Frankenstein|We were letting go of October, relinquishing color,readying ourselves for streets lacquered with ice,the town closed like a walnut, locked inside the cold.
Erín Moure, The Unmemntioable|Thanks to Lana Turner, Eleven Eleven, The Nation, LIT Magazine (USA), Critical Quarterly (UK), Beautiful Outlaw Press, no press, The Capilano Review, cv2, Rhubarb and Centre A Gallery (Canada).
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|Sometimes fate is like a small sandstorm that keeps changing directions. You change direction but the sandstorm chases you. You turn again, but the storm adjusts. Over and over you play this out, like some ominous dance with death just before dawn. Why? Because this storm isn't something that has nothing to do with you, This storm is you. Something inside you. So all you can do is give in to it, step right inside the storm, closing your eyes and plugging up your ears so the sand doesn't get in, and walk through it, step by step. There's no sun there, no moon, no direction, no sense of time. Just fine white sand swirling up the sky like pulverized bones.
Jimmy Connors|You can't please everyone, but I've always felt you cannot ultimately lose if you give everything you try 110%. You'll always learn something useful, even from a failure, that can be applied to the next challenge or project.
John Berryman|I do strongly feel that among the greatest pieces of luck for high achievement is ordeal. Certain great artists can make out without it, Titian and others, but mostly you need ordeal. My idea is this: the artist is extremely lucky who is presented with the worst possible ordeal which will not actually kill him. At that point, he's in business: Beethoven's deafness, Goya's deafness, Milton's blindness, that kind of thing.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Witches, warlocks, gremlins, orgres - they're just words,labels. Haven't you noticed that when people are labelled, their faces disappear?
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|You have to hate them, you mean? You can’t decide: I will or I won’t hate them?”Amar did not completely understand. “But I hate them now,” he explained. “The day Allah wants me to stop hating them, He’ll change my heart.”The man was smiling, as if to himself. “If the world’s really like that, it’s very easy to be in it,” he said.“It will never be easy to be in the world,” Amar said firmly. “Er tabi mabrhach. God doesn’t want it easy.
Paula Stokes, Ferocious|Jesse stirs again. This time his fingers twitch. As much as I want to see him open his eyes, I can’t be here for that. It’ll make leaving him too hard. I turn toward the doorway and I’m outside in the main room of the ICU when I hear his weakened voice say, “Winter?”I hurry back to the waiting area. Hopefully he’ll think he dreamed me. Maybe he did. Sometimes I feel like I’m not even real anymore
Neal Asher, Polity Agent|Thus, in moments of catastrophe, when hard decisions needed to be made quickly, all AIs included in their calculations a human death toll governed by a factor called ‘pigheadedness’.
Nic Sheff, Schizo|Do You Have DID?Determining if you have DID isn’t as easy as it sounds. In fact, many clinicians and psychotherapists have such difficulty figuring out whether or not people have DID that it typically takes them several years to provide an accurate diagnosis. Because many of the symptoms of DID overlap with other psychological diagnoses, as well as normal occurrences such as forgetfulness or talking to yourself, there is a great deal of confusion in making the diagnosis of DID. Although this section will provide you with information which may help you determine if you have DID, it is a good idea to consult with a professional in the mental health ﬁeld so that you can have further confirmation of your findings.
Joe Garagiola|The reason swimming is one of the hardest sports is because you have to be in the pool by yourself every day, making that sacrifice. There's no time to do anything else.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|I went back to those graves not long afterward and found as I stood there that sadness was a very heavy thing. My body weighed twice what it had only a moment earlier, as if those graves were pulling me down toward them.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|Poor people never, or hardly ever, ask for an explanation of all they have to put up with. They hate one another, and content themselves with that.
Avijeet Das|Families are so beautiful. Wherever we may be, looking at kids and happy families make us feel like home.
James Hauenstein|Riley had no doubt that an "immediate and merciful act of the Almighty" had saved them from the surf at Bojador. According to him, all of his men believed this too. Later, when a friend advised him to play down this conviction, because skeptics would use it to discredit the rest of his account of the voyage, Riley refused.
Sonia Farnsworth|No, the frigid, cold, empty thing that lives inside me showed up the day after my mother died. It told me it was pointless to care about people. It told me it was useless to consider what they think or feel or desire out of life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|When you believe in yourself as a great asset God created for a reason, you will rename your major successes as mere stepping stones because there are greater things that eyes have not yet seen through you, and all are embedded in the value you have in your room; remember that value is you!
Gia Combs-Ramirez, The Way of Transformation: Discovering The Divine Map to Unlock Your Highest Potential|Working consciously with the Divine Map of Transformation aligns you to the Earth and the Heavens, to your soul purpose and your personal individuation, to your inner growth and external manifestation.
Pittacus Lore|Warlock: Four thousand and fifty-three metric tons of inert rock, metal and organic matter, frozen solid.Quasar: Frozen in what?Drax: Time.Quasar: "Time", Drax?Drax: Uh-huh. Old, old frozen time.Quasar: Right. And that tastes like what?Drax: Regret.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|A shepherd may like to travel, but he should never forget his sheep.
Leonard Bernstein|If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
Roy  Bennett|Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Knight|The author describes Lincoln's attitude in making a deal with a newspaper publisher as, "almost defiant transparency.
Pierre Louÿs, The Songs of Bilitis|When you love another deeply, you gain strength. When you receive anothers deep love, you gain courage
John Niven|I love giving gifts. It's almost like I don't open my gifts until, like, three days after Christmas 'cause I want to give everyone else their presents.
Kathey Gray, Breaking Girl Code|I shouldn't have even been obsessing about it anyway, he probably had a girlfriend. Like a supermodel or playboy bunny or something, someone equivalent to his level of sexiness. Not someone normal like me.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|In the rosy glow it diffused her companions seemed full of amiable qualities. She liked their elegance; their lightness, their lack of emphasis: even the self-assurance which at times was so like obtuseness now seemed the natural sign of social ascendency. They were lords of the only world she cared for, and they were ready to admit her to their ranks and let her lord it with them. Already she felt within her a stealing allegiance to their standards, an acceptance of their limitations, a disbelief in the things they did not believe in, a contemptuous pity for the people who were not able to live as they lived.
Brandi L. Bates|Whatever it is you want in this life, be it material things, a place you want to be, or an experience you want to have, you must first make it real in the realm of your consciousness.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|He’ll never let you leave his side again.”“And there is comfort in knowing that, as there will be for Yuri. It is a great thing to be needed by another.
Arthur Golden|For a flicker of a moment I imagined a world completely different from the one I'd always known, a world in which I was treated with fairness, even kindness-- a world in which fathers didn't sell their daughters. 
Ralph Lauren|To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
Joseph Campbell|I think of Lindsay in the bathroom of Rosalita’s, and wonder how many people are clutching secrets like little fists, like rocks sitting in the pits of their stomachs. All of them, maybe.
One Iam, Maximum Meditation: Getting Off and Out|Love your body, love your sexuality, and realize that you are a bad human being only if you are unkind and cruel and do harm unto others and not because of your sex life.
Wayne Cordeiro|An entire nation shook under the power of one man’s [MLK’s] dream! Now if one dream can do that for our nation, imagine what a dream can do for the Church.
Eyden I., My Precious|The umbrella won't stop the rain, but it will help you to get out during rainfall. As well as confidence is not going to guarantee your success, but it will give you the opportunity to achieve it...
Shannon Dermott, Waiting for Mercy|That’s my girl,” she said, her eyes holding a shared pain as she saw my confusion. “Al, where are you going to put her? Not in your room. She’d pull a line through you and kill you when you hog the blankets. I’ll take the waif in. I promise I’ll bring this one up properly.
Stefne Miller, Collision|My ACTIONS should draw people to the God I serve, not my SALES PITCH. If people want what I have, they'll ask me how to get it. If not, that's their business.
Sandeep N Tripathi|Moment by moment, in life's winter life frozeEchoing a history of blues, a milestone rose
John Anthony  Miller|When you’re as small as I am, people don’t expect you to be much of an athlete. You either wilt under the weight of low expectations, or you rise above them.
Ja Rule|I think that with piracy and tighter funds being around, people are realising that the game to play is to try and win people's respect with bold film making and then win a special place in people's collections, rather than just having the biggest opening weekends.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|This blood feud is a bit too Shakespearean, if ye want the truth. I’m no Montague, and ye’re no Capulet.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Peter," she began. He looked up at her, and she could see the pain in his eyes. "I love you," she said freely. With Peter, she was laid bare; he extracted her from herself.Peter didn't know what to say. HIs eyes glimmered, bright and burning. He only let her see them a moment before he turned away. He took a ragged breath."What were you doing with Rose anyway" she demanded, asking a lot of him.Peter darkened again. He turned his back to her, took a step farther into the alley, and said in a dead voice, "I don't have to like herto get what I want.""I don't believe you," Valerie said, reaching for his face, again. Peter pulled away from her. "You're lying.
- Michael A. Contés II|If you make your own path in this thing we call life, you will forever know that it was yours and not someone else's. - Michael A. Contés II
Jessica Helfand, Screen: Essays on Graphic Design, New Media, and Visual Culture|The key to Lincoln's famous employment of humor is not that he failed to appreciate the tragic aspects of human existence, but rather that he felt these with such keeness that some relief was required.
Geoffrey Wood|The battle for self-control over an intense undesired habit consists of an endless series of skirmishes, in which our urges and our better angels clash several times each day.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to change thinking into the positive way, we need to analyze what complexes we have received
G. Allen Mercer, Worst Case Scenario Book 2: Bug Out|I saw a bullfrog snap a tiny bird off a reed once, swallowing it just like that, grinding the singing thing to foodstuff in its slimy belly, and the witnessing of that act produced in me an insight: that this moment of terror before resignation was possibly the only ascertainable moment of truth we can ever know in life.
Tim Inglod & Jo Lee Vergunst|Since to follow a trail is to remember how it goes, making one's way in the present is itself a recollection of the past...onward movement is itself a return.
Peter Adejimi|History is indeed more than the register of crime,folilies and misfortune of mankind.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|It is a tedious cliché (and, unlike many clichés, it isn't even true) that science concerns itself with how questions, but only theology is equipped to answer why questions. What on Earth is a why question? Not every English sentence beginning with the word 'why' is a legitimate question. Why are unicorns hollow? Some questions simply do not deserve an answer. What is the colour of abstraction? What is the smell of hope? The fact that a question can be phrased in a grammatically correct English sentence doesn't make it meaningful, or entitle it to our serious attention. Nor, even if the question is a real one, does the fact that science cannot answer it imply that religion can.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Being Nice Has Its Limitations. While you will certainly attract more bees with honey, there are times when being nice can backfire. Take it from a naturally kind person, being a “bitch” has its time and place. There will be times when you must engage with mean, rude, and inconsiderate people.
Antony Sher, Year of the King: An Actor's Diary and Sketchbook|Your personal dignity was always more important to you than mere emotion, wasn't it?
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Whoever won the wars in heavens, He is The God of men today.
Jean Teulé, The Suicide Shop|Oh no!’ replies Monsieur Tuvache indignantly. ‘We’re not murderers, you know. You have to understand that’s prohibited. We supply what is needed but people do the deed themselves. It’s their affair. We are just here to offer a service by selling quality products,’ continues the shopkeeper, leading the customer towards the checkout.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|You know,” he said. “I think I would rather be a man than a god. We don’t need anyone to believe in us. We just keep going anyhow. It’s what we do.” There was silence, in the high place.
Madeleine L'Engle|If anything is sacred, the human body is sacred.
Karen Raines, Dork To Dirty|Right, times up,” Annie declared as she not so graciously stood from the table. “On to Hot Steppers, where naked men are waiting to grind upon thy lap. Come along my trusty wenches!
Joel Paris|A vast amount of psychiatric effort has been, and continues to be, devoted to legal and quasi-legal activities. In my opinion, the only certain result has been the aggrandizement of psychiatry. The value to the legal profession and to society as a whole of psychiatric help in administering the criminal law, is, to say the least, uncertain. Perhaps society has been injured, rather than helped, by the furor psychodiagnosticus and psychotherapeuticus in criminology which it invited, fostered, and tolerated.
Summer Brennan|To escape the throngs, we decided to see the new Neil Degrasse Tyson planetarium show, Dark Universe. It costs more than two movie tickets and is less than thirty minutes long, but still I want to go back and see it again, preferably as soon as possible. It was more visually stunning than any Hollywood special effect I’d ever seen, making our smallness as individuals both staggering and - strangely - rather comforting. Only five percent of the universe consists of ordinary matter, Neil tells us. That includes all matter - you, and me, and the body of Michael Brown, and Mork’s rainbow suspenders, and the letters I wrote all summer, and the air conditioner I put out on the curb on Christmas Day because I was tired of looking at it and being reminded of the person who had installed it, and my sad dying computer that sounds like a swarm of bees when it gets too hot, and the fields of Point Reyes, and this year’s blossoms which are dust now, and the drafts of my book, and Israeli tanks, and the untaxed cigarettes that Eric Garner sold, and my father’s ill-fitting leg brace that did not accomplish what he’d hoped for in terms of restoring mobility, and the Denver airport, and haunting sperm whales that sleep vertically, and the water they sleep in, and Mars and Jupiter and all of the stars we see and all of the ones we don’t. That’s all regular matter, just five percent. A quarter is “dark matter,” which is invisible and detectable only by gravitational pull, and a whopping 70 percent of the universe is made up of “dark energy,” described as a cosmic antigravity, as yet totally unknowable. It’s basically all mystery out there - all of it, with just this one sliver of knowable, livable, finite light and life. And did I mention the effects were really cool? After seeing something like that it’s hard to stay mad at anyone, even yourself.
Mother Teresa, In the Heart of the World: Thoughts, Stories and Prayers|In the silence of the heart God speaks. If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you. Then you will know that you are nothing. It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself. Souls of prayer are souls of great silence.
M.J. Abraham|A physical attraction is often desired above many things but you'll discover it to be short lived. Find yourself someone that gets under your skin, seduces the dusty corners of your heart, and provides you with a mental connection. That is when you'll know true intimacy.
Ansel Adams|No man has the right to dictate what other men should perceive, create or produce, but all should be encouraged to reveal themselves, their perceptions and emotions, and to build confidence in the creative spirit.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Some people envied Ronan’s money. Adam envied his time. To be as rich as Ronan was to be able to go to school and do nothing else, to have luxurious swathes of time in which to study and write papers and sleep. Adam wouldn’t admit it to anyone, least of all Gansey, but he was tired. He was tired of squeezing homework in between his part-time jobs, of squeezing in sleep, squeezing in the hunt for Glendower. The jobs felt like so much wasted time: In five years, no one would care if he’d worked at a trailer factory. They’d only care if he’d graduated from Aglionby with perfect grades, or if he’d found Glendower, or if he was still alive. And Ronan didn’t have to worry about any of that.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|Realtechnik is skeptical about linear progress. It encourages humility, a state of mind in which we are most open to facing problems and reconsidering decisions. It helps us acknowledge costs and recognize the things we hold inviolate.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|...and when he dies, cut him out in little stars, and the face of heaven will be so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no heed to the garish sun.
Matthew Flinders, Defending Politics: Why Democracy Matters in the Twenty-First Century|The PM glanced a look of pure malevolence. A terrifying glimpse into what madness, ego and naked ambition it takes to lead a modern democracy.
Diriye Osman, Fairytales for Lost Children|To all my friends who constantly talk disparagingly about the supposed 'homosexual lifestyle' and stereotype gay people and the community, I'd like to get this straight. There are essentially two worlds – the 'gay scene' and the gay (or LGBTIQ) community. The 'scene' is like the tip of the iceberg; what is seen by others because it is visible on a street, suburb or pride parade. Like the ninety percent of the submerged iceberg, the community is larger and less visible. It consists of organisations, groups, support networks and also gay and lesbian singles and couples living 'normal' lives in the suburbs. Occasionally there is an overlap but not often. Some live, socialise and work in both. Many never enter each others worlds. The values, lifestyles and culture of these two worlds are as different as Asian culture is to western is to African is to Middle Eastern. Dig down even deeper below the surface and you find it is not a single community but diverse communities and subcultures that are separate but not necessarily divided. The common thing that binds them together is their experience of inequality, discrimination and their desire to make a better world for themselves, others and future generations. If you believe that all gays and lesbians are shallow and obsessed with sex, body image, partying, nightclubs and bars then you are obviously an observer from the outside or mixing in the wrong circles.
Christian Coma (CC)|Words can mean nothing, or be daggers in someone's heart. Choose them wisely.
Yoko Ono|I put my career in second place throughout both my marriages and it suffered. I don't regret it. You make choices. If you want a good marriage, you must pay attention to that. If you want to be independent, go ahead. You can't have it all.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|Teeth clenched, she swiped the light switch next to the door, but all she got was a 'click.'	'Click, click.'	"Ugh," Lindsey moaned. She'd need to flip a breaker, and for that she'd need a flashlight. But that would only fix things if the power was actually on.	"I'm working on that." The deep voice with a drawl came from the dark hallway, and the man that matched it stepped out of the shadows.
Layne Harper, Infinity.|I mean, Charlie and I have never had issues pleasuring each other before, but damn, Charlie getting pregnant equals crazy sex. Wild sex. Sex that makes me feel like I'm being used. Best. Feeling.Ever.
Kurt Wenzel, Lit Life: A Novel|Be good, or good at it.
Lily Aldridge|Being on the road is no excuse for having a poor diet. I don't like fast food, but if I have to, I'll order three plain grilled chicken sandwiches and throw out the buns.
Tony Cardenas|The human brain had a vast memory storage. It made us curious and very creative. Those were the characteristics that gave us an advantage - curiosity, creativity and memory. And that brain did something very special. It invented an idea called 'the future.'
Pope Francis|I really don't have a lot of interest in national politics, and it's because I'm a skeptic. I think you can accomplish a lot more locally. I don't want to spin the wheels and not get anything done.
David Mamet|Poetry is a domestic art, most itself when most at home.
Cindy A. Matthews, Blood Bond|Times moves differently down here in the dark. With no sunlight or shadows. No weather at all. There's no future, no right now. Nothing but your memory to keep you company. But they keep me so angry and weak. I can barely think straight. How long have I been locked up...wuuks? months? I don't even konow how I got to this place. There are times I don't even know who I am anymore.
Rebekka Kricheldorf|His remorse was purely physical. Only his body, strained nerves, and cowering flesh were afraid of the drowned man. Conscience played no part in his terrors, and he had not the slightest regret about killing Camille; in his moments of calm, when the spectre was not present, he would have committed the murder over again had he thought his interests required it.
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|There's always another storm. It's the way the world works. Snowstorms, rainstorms, windstorms, sandstorms, and firestorms. Some are fierce and others are small. You have to deal with each one separately, but you need to keep an eye on whats brewing for tomorrow.
Damien Brown, Band-Aid for a Broken Leg|As for my own answers to any of this? I have none. I'm far more confused than before I first went. I've had no great epiphanies, no profound realisations, but since returning home I've resigned myself to this one thing: that, putting the economics and politics of it all aside - naive as that may be - what it all boils down to is individuals. It's a simple interaction between just two people: one, a person with opportunities and choices, and who could get a flight out tomorrow should they choose; the other, a person with few options - if any. If nothing else, it's a gesture. An attempt. Food and a tent for Toto. Burns dressing for Jose. A little operating theatre with car batteries and boiled instruments, where Roberto can ply his trade. Free HIV treatment for Elizabeth, who'll never be cured and will always live in a hut anyway, but who'll have a longer, healthier life because of it. And sometimes it's little more than a bed in which to die peacefully, attended to by family and health workers... but hey, that's no small thing in some parts. My head says it's futile. My heart knows differently.
Anthony Horowitz, Crocodile Tears|There's a name for people with an interest in the moon," Alex said. "They're called lunatics.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Okay, I cannot say this without being very direct. If you are looking for a spouse or even a romance through social media, you are looking for trouble.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|When sense has left a head, it should be called a tail.
Rich Burlew, War and XPs|It has been observed of the warring Turks, that often they used this notable deceit - to send a lying rumor and a vain tumult of war to one place, but, in the meanwhile, to address their true forces to another place, that so they might surprise those who have been unwarily led by pernicious credulity. So have we manifest (alas! too, too manifest) reasons to make us conceive, that whilst the chief urgers of the course of conformity are skirmishing with us about the trifling ceremonies (as some men count them), they are but laboring to hold our thoughts so bent and intent upon those smaller quarrels, that we may forget to distinguish between evils immanent and evils imminent, and that we be not too much awake to espy their secret slight in compassing further aims.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|I try to think of metaphors that suit him best, but he was made of the sea and the stars and the sun, and one wouldn’t do him justice.
Felix Bloch|This is the city of dreamers and time and again it's the place where the greatest dream of all, the American dream, has been tested and has triumphed.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|If there's a single lesson that life teaches us, it's that wishing doesn't make it so.
Ted Tinling|The day you give priority to bogus ethics over human reactions, you become a loser. Human reactions are priceless. Rules should never, ever stifle emotions. Tennis is a very human game facing a great danger that it will be strangulated in a cat's cradle of unnecessary or inhumane rules.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|What’s it like? Ballet school?”“Harsh,” he said. “Everyone dances until they collapse. We eat only raw-egg smoothies and wheat protein. Every Friday we have a dance-off and whoever is left standing gets a chocolate bar. Also we have to watch dance movies constantly.
Angelo Tsanatelis, Origins|Perhaps that is what I like about these moments of leisurely insight, that come while lying comfortably in the beautiful in-between state of sleeping and waking, dreaming and doing, in which anything is possible and everything is lovely.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Miracles|What a tremendous sin impatience is, he thinks. It blinds us to the moment before us, and it is only when that moment has passed that we look back, and see it was full of treasures.
Tony Blair|You know, I'm not comfortable with people whose politics are static in a democracy.
Jim Geraghty|Hey, the ubiquitous Leak-Cam is to 2010 as the bottom-of-the-screen news ticker was to late 2001: What you're seeing beneath the news anchor or talking head may not actually include any new information, but you feel like you're watching something dramatic.
Jacquie Underdown, The Paler Shade Of Autumn|There were so many beliefs which we had about the world, which then influenced everything, everything, about how we saw the world and interacted in the world and were with others. Everything. It was profound to me, amazing, the ramifications, the implications, the far-reaching impact that one’s beliefs could have on the world. It was actually mind-blowing for me. Figuratively speaking. Like, it was just, holy shit. Look at that. And nobody, hardly anybody sees it. They’re just ideas. Ideas. And yet, I’d believed them for so long, and still, was still shirking free of them. How was it that we believed in them, so readily, so easily?
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|There was a lust of wandering in his feet that burned to set out for the ends of the earth. On! On! his heart seemed to cry. Evening would deepen above the sea, night fall upon the plains, dawn glimmer before the wanderer and show him strange fields and hills and faces. Where?
Evinda Lepins|Feeling sick, sad? Call on the Great Physician. You don't need an appointment; He will see you right away!
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one is the doer of the actions, there is agnan [all other knowledge other than one’s own true self, wordly knowledge]. Agnan is the cause for the worldly life.
Douglas Wilson, A Serrated Edge: A Brief Defense of Biblical Satire and Trinitarian Skylarking|The blessing has been so significatn that we have continued our satiric tact [sic] with an additional objective in mind -- keeping the suits and haircuts away. Whenever a promising movement of the Holy Spirit begins nowadays, one of the first things that happens is that the agents, businessmen, and other assorted handlers move in so that they might straighten out certain unmarketable "blemishes" in order to take the show on the road. And when a promising ministry hits the big time, the unfortunate people in it are made twice as much sons of hell as their promoters. It is therefore our resolve to stay as unmarketable as we can. If we ever get invited to the Great Black Tie Banquet of Evangelicalism, we want everyone there to be braced for the moment when we, on a prearranged signal, throw our dinner rolls at Pat Robertson
Stephen King, The Stand|And when there are enough outsiders together in one place, a mystic osmosis takes place and you're inside.
Menelaos Stephanides, Greek Mythology: Gods and Men|Such is life. Sometimes we do not even want to know how much pain we cause others, for fear of spoiling our own petty pleasures. And when the time comes to face the consequences, it is too late to be sorry.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|But it's not Kit's physique that I'm talking about. It's the way he is, the confidence he has that is beyond his years. He speaks softly-I've never seen him lose his temper or shout-and when he walks into a room, It's like he's a magnet and everything, including the air, is drawn to him. Although I know he can strip an automatic weapon in under ten seconds and is trained to lea d men in battle, I've also seen him siniging lullabies to his baby nieces while he cradles them in his arms, and jump off a pier to save a drowning dog.
Debasish Mridha|For success, attitude is often more important than education.
Edgar Allan Poe, Tales of Mystery and Imagination|Ever since her obsession with Jonathan Cain, a deranged transfer student who had been at Sweet Valley for a month, Enid’s life had been entirely guyless.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|Art and disease proliferate via contagion, and similar conditions favor both.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|You are an unusual, brilliant child who has not seen enough of life to grasp the full measure of human stupidity.
J.B.S. Haldane|I told [John Kruesi] I was going to record talking, and then have the machine talk back. He thought it absurd. However, it was finished, the foil was put on; I then shouted 'Mary had a little lamb', etc. I adjusted the reproducer, and the machine reproduced it perfectly.[On first words spoken on a phonograph.]
Chelsey Philpot|We cannot 100 percent know the depth of another person’s heart. We cannot know the whys and whats of his soul.This idea could be sad, but it doesn’t have to be. Instead of rendering human beings powerless, it could render them more compassionate. Knowing that the stranger who just bumped you in the hall or that the awkward loner who sits behind you in class each have a story, makes it easier to chose kindness — again, again, and again.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|My father used to tell me that stories offer the listener a chance to escape but, more importantly, he said, they provide people with a chance to maximize their minds. Suspend ordinary constraints, allow the imagination to be freed, and we are charged with the capability of heighetned thought.Learn to use your eyes as if they are your ears, he said, and you become connected with the ancient heritage of man, a dream world for the waking mind.
Hilary Duff|Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought. Useless and disappointing." ~ Sam (Hilary Duff), A Cinderella Story
Kristi Bowman|Rather than having regrets over events in the past, or worrying whether or not the future will bring you what you need or desire, allow yourself to rest in the present, the now. Understand that all that has transpired has brought you to this moment, and in this very moment, riches that far outweigh those of the world already lie within you.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|I was not really surprised by what he was saying. A lot of people felt that way. Especially men. There was a quantity of things that men hated. Or had no use for, as they said. And that was exactly right. They had no use for it, so they hated it. Maybe it was the same way I felt about algebra- I doubted very much that I would ever find any use for it. But I didn't go so far as to want it wiped off the face of the earth for that reason.
Chill Wills|I must learn to love the fool in me - the one who feels too much, talks too much, takes too many chances, wins sometimes and loses often, lacks self-control, loves and hates, hurts and gets hurt, promises and breaks promises, laughs and cries.
Dorothy Dunnett, Checkmate|And then his true courtship of her had its beginning; and to the worship of his body, he joined the fairest garlands from the treasure-house of his mind, and made a bower for her.Adored; caressed into delight; conducted by delicate paths into ravishing labyrinths where pleasure, like carillons on glass, played upon pleasure, she leaned on his voice, and sometimes answered it.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Out there do'in it in the mountains...I might not be a notable author for my quote, but the column I write is just that... surviving all Mother Nature can throw at you.
Auliq Ice|For a man who makes his salvation perfect through suffering, is more of a saint and a loving hero of nature.
Stephen Hawking|If everything must have a cause, of course, this also applies to God; if God can exist in isolation, then why not the universe?
Harrish Sairaman|People change only under two circumstances, one is called Inspiration and the other Desperation!!!! Unfortunately, both give results!
Auliq Ice, The Secret of Greatness|Be yourself, don't try to be someone else. And the right people will love you for who you are.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|Her mother set to with the hairbrush again. “But would that be so awful, darling? To be the prettiest thing in Brimscombe-and-Thrupp?”“I should rather die.”“You nearly did.”“Yes, but I tend to blame the Germans.
Tim Kreider, Twilight of the Assholes|Biblical, Talmudic, or Koranic literalists remind me of children wrinkling their noses at Belon oysters and asking for more Chef Boy-E-Dee. They want the world to be as simple as they are.
Jasper Fforde|When she turned I could see her face was plain and outwardly unremarkable, yet possessing of a bearing that showed inner strength and resolve. I stared at her intently with a mixture of feelings. I had realised not long ago that I was no beauty, and even at the age of nine had seen how the more attractive children gained favour more easily. But here in that young woman I could see how those principles could be inverted. I felt myself stand more upright and clench my jaw in subconscious mimicry of her pose
Mamur Mustapha|In your absolute defiance against tyranny, lies and all odds; lies therein, your true moral strength. Rise!
Brooke Stevens, The Circus of the Earth and the Air|When you’re growing up, it takes a long time for you to realize that there’s something different about you. On one level, you know there’s something strange, but on another, yourself is the only thing you ever knew.
Salma Hayek|My favorite six words in recovery are: trust God, clean house, and help others.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|He could see perfectly well that "it," his life, was leading nowhere, that he wss behaving like a miser who hoards gold simply for the pleasure of looking at it, except that in his case it wssn't gold but experience, which was the one thing he took from life. And yet experience, unless applied to something, is just like that hoard of gold, for it neither produces nor bears fruit and is utterly useless. There is no point in a man accumulating experience the way someone else might collect stamps.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Running’ is driven by panic. ‘Destination’ is driven by thought. And while it’s terribly painful to admit, incessantly pretending that I do the latter doesn’t replace the fact that I’m constantly doing the former.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|The eyelids of the burdened clouds let fall cascadesOf rain, and the parterred garden is spattered with drops.
Clement of Alexandria, The Instructor|Even though every identity marker I have can be taken from me, the grace and peace of the Trinity overflows into the life of the believer.
Fritz Haber|The field of scientific abstraction encompasses independent kingdoms of ideas and of experiments and within these, rulers whose fame outlasts the centuries. But they are not the only kings in science. He also is a king who guides the spirit of his contemporaries by knowledge and creative work, by teaching and research in the field of applied science, and who conquers for science provinces which have only been raided by craftsmen.
Sophie B. Hawkins|Perhaps I've been perceived more as a romantic comedy actor, but overall, I enjoy acting in any shape or form.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Mave believed that not being able to see your life clearly, to scrutinize it intelligently, meant that probably you were at the dead center of it, and that couldn't possibly be a bad thing.
Samuel Johnson|Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings." Samuel Johnson 
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|If I lost him here, to this idiotic fight, after I fought and guarded him for two weeks, after I cried and thought he was dying, I would find him in the afterlife and I would murder him again.
Mick Hume|I love social media. I love the connectivity it provides, the creativity it allows, and the breathtaking wealth of information we all have at our fingertips because of it.
John Barrowman|I wished for you," he whispered, so quietly that I struggled to hear."What did that feel like? I've never made a wish in my life." My voice was as shaky as my words were stupid."Everybody wishes for something, Charli."I put just enough space between us to be able to look at him. "Not me. I've saved them all up. Birthday candles, shooting stars, stray eyelashes...ladybugs. I've saved hem all up. I figure I'm owed hundreds of wishes now.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
J. Saman, Start Over|He explained that often times it's the love of something- like money, material, possessions, or power-and the fear of losing them, that command people to act. That love and fear are really the only two things that can forever alter a person, whether for the better or worse.
David Honegger|Of course, I’m aware of the animosities destroying brain cells on both sides, and I know all about the obstinacy of the warring parties, their refusal to reach an agreement, their devotion to their own murderous hatred….
Maysoon Zayid|I don't feel bitterness, I don't feel anger towards anybody. Fighting is never emotional to me.
Nicola Griffith, Hild|You don’t need to be a poet, a performer, a writer, or a journalist to tell your story powerfully. You do, however, need to elevate your language in ways that will bring your story to life clearly and imaginatively for others.
Emily Thorne|Engagement can be a commitment to love or a declaration of war. One must enter every battle without hesitation, willing to fully engage the enemy until death do you apart.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When the sun of consciousness first shone upon me, behold a miracle! The stock of my young life which had perished, steeped in the waters of knowledge grew again, budded again, was sweet again with the blossoms of childhood. Down in the depths of my being, I cried, ‘it is good to be alive!’ I held out two trembling hands to life, and in vain silence would impose dumbness upon me henceforth! The world to which I awoke was still mysterious; but there was hope and love and God in it, and nothing else mattered. Is it not possible that our entrance into heaven may be like this experience of mine?
David M. Brown|I think 'Red Band Society' is unique because not only is it focusing on a pediatric ward, but it's from the view from the patient, not from the view of the doctors. So we're getting to see a whole other side of hospitals and medical series life that we haven't been able to see before.
David   Stanley|I looked after that Dudley family for too long, over six years. His daddy would take him to the garage and whip him with a rubber hose-pipe trying to beat the girl out a that boy until I couldn't stand it no more.... I wish to God I'd told John Green Dudley he ain't going to hell. That he ain't no sideshow freak cause he like boys. I wish to God I'd filled his ears with good things like I'm trying to do with Mae Mobley. Instead, I just sat in the kitchen, waiting to put the salve on them hose-pipe welts.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|It may take little time to get where you want to be, but if you pause and think for a moment, you will notice that you are no longer where you were. Do not stop—keep going.
Andrew J. Bernstein|I'm not a parenting expert. In fact, I'm not sure that I even believe in the idea of 'parenting experts.' I'm an engaged, imperfect parent and a passionate researcher. I'm an experienced mapmaker and a stumbling traveler. Like many of you, parenting is by far my boldest and most daring adventure.
Iain M. Banks, Against a Dark Background|There were two types of strong men: those like Uncle Monty and Abe Steinheim, remorseless about their making money, and those like my father, ruthlessly obedient to their idea of fair play.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|This may be the most important proposition revealed by history: 'At the time, no one knew what was coming.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|What were you thinking?" I demanded once we were moving to the music. I was trying to ignore his hands. "Do you know how much trouble you may have gotten me in?"Adrian grinned. "Nah. They all feel bad for you. You'll achieve martyrdom after dancing with a mean, wicked vampire. Job security with the Alchemists.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|Rather than being medicalized or romanticized, mental disorders, or mental dis-eases, should be understood as nothing less or more than what they are, an expression of our deepest human nature. By recognizing their traits in ourselves and reflecting upon them, we may be able both to contain them and to put them to good use. This is, no doubt, the highest form of genius.
Vicente Fox|Twenty-eight years in business and you understand the importance of problem solving and the importance of efficiency, because if you don't become efficient, you don't run a business well, and you are out of business. And I think some of those principles could be applied to leadership in Washington.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Be aware of things you say because words have power. When you speak truth. It's Beautiful. And, that beauty illuminates!
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|Much as slavery in the United States was part of a larger Atlantic Slave System, so America’s War of Independence was an outgrowth of Europe’s Seven Years’ War — from 1756 to 1763 — and also a precursor or harbinger of the French and Haitian revolutions and of the subsequent Latin American wars for independence from Spain.
Tariq Ramadan|You're talking about a younger generation, Generation Y, whose interpersonal communication skills are different from Generation X. The younger generation is more comfortable saying something through a digital mechanism than even face to face.
Anna Sofia Botkin, So Much More|Every generation has its defining challenge. Ours is the systematic annihilation of the biblical family."~ Doug Phillips
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|A little time can help you to make a great impact, therefore you should never despise few minutes. Do it till it's done and done well!
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|His mind was logical, but his traitorous heart stuttered from beat to beat.
Dawn Fraser|My first project was to build an ionization gauge control circuit for Professor Edgar Everhart's Cockcroft-Walton accelerator. In those days, vacuum tubes were the active components in electronic circuits. I can still recall the warm orange glow of the vacuum tube filaments and the cool blue glow of the thyratron tubes.
Angela Misri, Jewel of the Thames|She leaned back, closing her eyes and blowing out a thin wisp of smoke. “He was always a good-looking man. Your eyes are from him, the same blue, but you are slimmer of build and have your grandmother’s exotic face rather than his rounder, friendly one. He was a bit of a bounder, as men of his looks are apt to be.”I grinned at this, adding to my mental picture.“He married as often as…” she blinked, laughed, “well, as often as I did, I suppose, though my reasons were infinitely better.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Right then, in a nutshell: this one hasn't a single bone of obedient-little-wife material in her heavenly body.''Hasn't she? Then what kind of bone does your expertise detect?'Fermin came closer, adopting a confidential tone. 'The passionate kind,' he said, raising his eyebrows with an air of mystery. 'And you can be sure I mean that as a compliment.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|As the sky prepares to settle its tired, aching feetinto the night’s velvet slippersI settle, into my armchair, soaking the teabag,of my thoughts, into warm liquidy stars.
Tamera Alexander, To Win Her Favor|BLESSINGS TO ALL~ Divine Love, flowing through US, blesses and multiplies all that WE are, all that WE have, all that WE give and all that WE receive
Amrita Ramanathan|If you've gone through pain now, learned your lesson, chances are, you'll probably experience MINOR pain later in life. If you haven't witnessed any pain now, you might suffer greatly later in life. In the end, everyone is equal.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Every novel is brand-new. It’s never been written before in the history of the world. At the same time, it’s merely the latest in a long line of narratives—not just novels, but narratives generally—since humans began telling stories to themselves and each other.
Neville Chamberlain|There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I was the director of my life, it was already true, and I would soon lead myself to my dreamed-of destinations.It was the task of my one thousand miles of solitude.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|When the demons start coming out— that's when you're nearing the light! It's hard for cockroaches to stay put without all the shadows. So in that case, keep on going!
Adolfo Aguilar Zinser|For me, music is all about emotion and attitude.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Freedom is found within, in the shape of our laughter and the way we love, in the truths that we live by and the stories we become
Terry Spear, The Trouble with Demons|I can hear someone whispering, like a mother quieting her small child: shhh…shhh…shhh…a pregnant pause taking shape and growing between each whisper, bringing life to the next series of sounds.	They last no more than a few seconds, these brief acts of creation.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|But he’d also gotten a personal prickly chill all over from his own thinking. He could do the dextral pain the same way: Abiding. No one single instant of it was unendurable. Here was a second right here: he endured it. What was undealable-with was the thought of all the instants all lined up and stretching ahead, glittering. And the projected future fear of the A.D.A., whoever was out there in a hat eating Third World fast food; the fear of getting convicted of Nuckslaughter, of V.I.P.-suffocation; of a lifetime on the edge of his bunk in M.C.I. Walpole, remembering. It’s too much to think about. To Abide there. But none of it’s as of now real. What’s real is the tube and Noxzema and pain. And this could be done just like the Old Cold Bird. He could just hunker down in the space between each heartbeat and make each heartbeat a wall and live in there. Not let his head look over. What’s unendurable is what his own head could make of it all. What his head could report to him, looking over and ahead and reporting. But he could choose not to listen; he could treat his head like G. Day or R. Lenz: clueless noise. He hadn’t quite gotten this before now, how it wasn’t just the matter of riding out the cravings for a Substance: everything unendurable was in the head, was the head not Abiding in the Present but hopping the wall and doing a recon and then returning with unendurable news you then somehow believed.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|It’s important to be aware that many families are dysfunctional, but we can change the patterns. Even if a child grew up in an aggressive or addictive household, they can heal and move past that with immense emotional resilience, wisdom and gratitude. This is what recovery can offer anyone who, like you, is open-minded, willing and ready to explore self-awareness and take action.
Ethan Canin, A Doubter's Almanac|Back in those days I was stoned almost twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. The difference today is that there is nothing you or anyone else could say to persuade me to inhale enough even to fill a flea’s lung with cannabis. It’s actually impossible to measure how fantastic I feel.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Where procrastination and excuses reign, success is highly missed than delayed. Opportunity they say comes but once. You must therefore be prepared to tap every good opportunity that appears on your way
Kate McGahan|It's funny how much more a person grows when she doesn't get what she wants. When you disappoint me, it's like I have to look in the mirror of my history and see all the times I've been disappointed by someone -- and all the times I've disappointed myself -- and then deal with the feelings that come to me because of it.
John Piper|And families now, families who have been separated throughout the year, assemble once more together. Now under these conditions, my friend, you must admit that there will occur a great amount of strain. People who do not feel amiable are putting great pressure on themselves to appear amiable! There is at Christmas time a great deal of hypocrisy, honourable hypocrisy, hypocrisy undertaken pour le bon motif, c'est entendu, but nevertheless hypocrisy.
Hunter S. Jones, September Ends|With one perfect kiss on one perfect English summer afternoon, we understand the meaning of all the colors of every rainbow, forevermore.
Kenneth W. Estes|… the Sufi attitude is: ‘Let the real truth, whatever it may be, be revealed to me’.
Jeff Abbott, Panic|It’s your call. You want to go back home, go ahead. But if I were you, I wouldn’t. Home is death.
Steph Campbell, Grounding Quinn|The ship's surgeon was a spotty unshaven little man whose clothes, arrayed with smudges, drippings, and cigarette burns, were held about him by an extensive network of knotted string, The buttons down the front of those duck trousers had originally been made, with all of false economy's ingenious drear deception, of coated cardboard. After many launderings they persisted as a row of gray stumps posted along the gaping portals of his fly. Though a boutoniere sometimes appeared through some vacancy in his shirt-front, its petals, too, proved to be of paper, and he looked like the kind of man who scrapes foam from the top of a glass of beer with the spine of a dirty pocket comb, and cleans his nails at table with the tines of his salad fork, which things, indeed, he did. He diagnosed Camilla's difficulty as indigestion, and locked himself in his cabin. that was the morning.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|You feel pretty ,manly to me," I breathed out, all jelly-legged with half-mast eyes."And you feel like a woman worthy of a fight, Ms.Greene.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|On the morning the last Lisbon daughter took her turn at suicide—it was Mary this time, and sleeping pills, like Therese—the two paramedics arrived at the house knowing exactly where the knife drawer was, and the gas oven, and the beam in the basement from which it was possible to tie a rope.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|Women were the very devil, at the mercy of their frail strength.
Varsha Dixit, Right Fit Wrong Shoe|What was I to you?" he asked. She didn't answer but turned and walked away. That's when he knew: Nothing or everything.
Jerry Bridges, Holiness Day by Day: Transformational Thoughts for Your Spiritual Journey|If you have never been saved,you need to stop right where you are and admit to God that you are a sinner in need of salvation. Then ask Him for the gift of eternal life that was made available to you when Christ took your punishment and died for your sins on the 
Edith Wharton|Like Desserts, books come in all kinds of tasty treats!
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|Whenever you take a step forward, you are bound to disturb something.
Kate Capshaw|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Victor Hugo, Les Miserables|Sage.” He laughed. “I’m into anything, so long as you’re with me.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|Finally, the functionalist organization, by privileging progress (i.e. time), causes the condition of its own possibility--space itself--to be forgotten: space thus becomes the blind spot in a scientific and political technology. This is the way in which the Concept-city functions: a place of transformations and appropriations, the object of various kinds of interference but also a subject that is constantly enriched by new attributes, it is simultaneously the machinery and the hero of modernity.
Elliott Abrams|I have a terrible tendency to lick my fingers when I cook. So much so that I got a telling off from my pastry teacher years ago, who said it would hinder my prospects.
Rough Guides, The Rough Guide to First-Time Europe|Approach a trip as a chance to collect unique experiences, not passport stamps, postcards and snapshots in front of famous monuments.
Sandra Bullock|My mom's now enjoying Medicare. She's already retired. She earned it. But for those of us, you know, the X-Generation on down, it won't be there for us on its current path.
Rachel Held Evans, Searching for Sunday: Loving, Leaving, and Finding the Church|Wilhelm Dilthey puts it rather starkly, "Jesus came announcing the Kingdom of God, but what appeared was the church.
F. S. Oliver|Politics unfortunately abounds in shams that must be treated reverentially for every politician who would succeed. If you are the sort of man whose stomach revolts against treating shams reverentially, you will be well advised to stay out of politics altogether and set up as a prophet; your prophecies may perhaps sow good seed for some future harvest. But as a politician you would be impotent. For at any given time the bulk of your countrymen believe firmly and devoutly, not only in various things that are worthy of belief, but also in illusions of one kind and another; and they will never submit to have their affairs managed for them by one who appears not to share in their credulity.
Nanette Mathews|Discover a deep, healthy love for yourself....Relationships are meant to complement your life not complete it. If you're unable to bring a healthy sense of self-love into them you will always be seeking validation and end up disappointed by your expectations of others.
Madisen Kuhn, Eighteen Years|i love good cries,loud sobs that soak your pillowthat kind that come at the endof a perfect bookyou're gasping for airas droplets of salt water trickle down your cheeksinto the corners of your mouthas your chest rises and fallsand your vision is blurredby the tearsbut your mind is so clear and your every thoughtin that moment feels so meaningfuland important and rightit feels okay to justlet it all outit makes you feel likeyou are free
Alex Noble|I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.
J.M. Darhower, Extinguish|The little mutton-chopped man interrupted them to point out that in his opinion good was not the avoidance of evil, but something more positive than that: it was making the world a better place.
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|I was coming together...limb by limb, after being brokenfor an infinity.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|Plus, no matter how many times I'd brushed my teeth in Casey's bathroom (after half an hour she'd knocked on the door to make sure I was okay), the taste of disgusting, womanizing bastard was still in my mouth. Ugh!
Julia Child, My Life in France|I still have my little red hardcover notebook—spine now held in place by packing tape, pages dotted with cooking stains—filled with her loving instructions for mandelbrot, nut cake, and strudel.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|It does not matter what kind of self-destruction you choose – as if the protagonists in Furmani – Sokolov let say conscious of inevitability of their ontological and eschatological destiny, which they by no means want to change, but they accept it with joy of their own and peculiar optimism. Someone buries herself/himself in the library, and someone in a suburban tavern – they would say – the result is the same. The starting point is always that of futility, and the ultimate goal is destruction, which leads to self-destruction of all that restrains them from the total immersion in their own suffering and the pain of their own existence.
Jason Statham|The difference between the Parthenon and the World Trade Center, between a French wine glass and a German beer mug, between Bach and John Philip Sousa, between Sophocles and Shakespeare, between a bicycle and a horse, though explicable by historical moment, necessity, and destiny, is before all a difference of imagination.
Solange Knowles|I'm happy that I have a beautiful, wonderful, amazing child who's made me a better person.
Lauren Graham, Someday, Someday, Maybe|Today, I would pick the person who made me feel warm, rather than the one who left me cold.
Payal Kadakia|I remember trying to write at 1, 1:30 A.M., and just sort of falling asleep. And I think that was actually a good creative state for weird ideas. I shifted to a morning schedule once I had two kids, and I still found that if I slept badly, I actually had better ideas.
Kate Meader, Even the Score|Even from the point of view of coquetry, pure and simple," he had told her, "can't you see how much of your attraction you throw away when you stoop to lying?
Cristina Marrero|We are not called to fight the battles of our fathers with a blind faith. We are called to examine their wars, and moreover, to discern whether their actions were sinful or just. Furthermore, we are called to decide whether to correct the errors of our fathers battles through either peace, war, or some combination of the two. We are not bonded to our fathers' fate, but rather called to build on their trespasses or triumphs for a better future.
Olga Kurylenko|Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Behind our behaviors are our beliefs. They determine how we think things are and what is possible. The foundation of these beliefs is our conception of who we are, whether we are conscious of it or not.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|He loved her, as you can only love someone who is an echo of yourself at your time of deepest sorrow.
Macedonio Fernández|To The Critics Suicide has made more than one mediocre author glorious before he's able to achieve that sobering "second edition" making his a suicide that waits until it's justified. But I've taken more precautions against to Suicide which is to survive in the face of failure. Success is mostly editing, that's what makes things nice.  To edit is the other great Power; thus this novel started at age 30, continued at 50 and its 73, has finally achieve supremacy: a person of Good Taste as the third author and as a result the editor of all three. In the end I'll be the author of a letter to the critics a sort of "open letter" but for the living: suicide is not something you can edit out.
Suze Orman|Money and time are the heaviest burdens of life, and... the unhappiest of all mortals are those who have more of either than they know how to use.
Booker T. Washington|Mickey Mouse is, to me, a symbol of independence. He was a means to an end.
Millie Florence, Honey Butter|Books, I think, are what magic smells like.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|I said, “Je parle français.” Indira gave me a weird look. Or a look that said I was weird. Whichever. The point is, I don’t really speak French, but it’s a useful phrase for confusing people you don’t wish to speak with. However, it’s apparently more useful in Europe, where no one enjoys speaking to the French.
Brandon Sanderson, Shadows of Self|Does drinking make you wittier? One might as well ask if witting makes you drinkier, which it may.
Henry Rollins|I used to love youI still doSo SelfishI love the old youThe you that didnt shoot drugs...The you that didnt get beat on by menYou laugh in my face and call me a foolBut its trueI still love youSometimes,I can see the old youWhen your eyes flashWhen you almost look alive
Justin Cronin|Don't we all deserve forgiveness? I hope we do; I believe we do. Forgiveness says as much about the character of the person bestowing it as the person receiving it. Learning to forgive may be the most difficult of human acts,and the closest thing to divinity, whatever you decide that is.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols/The Anti-Christ|The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but size. Size encompasses life, and the Tower encompasses size. The child, who is most at home with wonder, says: Daddy, what is above the sky? And the father says: The darkness of space. The child: What is beyond space? The father: The galaxy. The child: Beyond the galaxy? The father: Another galaxy. The child: Beyond the other galaxies? The father: No one knows.You see? Size defeats us. For the fish, the lake in which he lives is the universe. What does the fish think when he is jerked up by the mouth through the silver limits of existence and into a new universe where the air drowns him and the light is blue madness? Where huge bipeds with no gills stuff it into a suffocating box and cover it with wet weeds to die?Or one might take the tip of the pencil and magnify it. One reaches the point where a stunning realization strikes home: The pencil tip is not solid; it is composed of atoms which whirl and revolve like a trillion demon planets. What seems solid to us is actually only a loose net held together by gravity. Viewed at their actual size, the distances between these atoms might become league, gulfs, aeons. The atoms themselves are composed of nuclei and revolving protons and electrons. One may step down further to subatomic particles. And then to what? Tachyons? Nothing? Of course not. Everything in the universe denies nothing; to suggest an ending is the one absurdity.If you fell outward to the limit of the universe, would you find a board fence and signs reading DEAD END? No. You might find something hard and rounded, as the chick must see the egg from the inside. And if you should peck through the shell (or find a door), what great and torrential light might shine through your opening at the end of space? Might you look through and discover our entire universe is but part of one atom on a blade of grass? Might you be forced to think that by burning a twig you incinerate an eternity of eternities? That existence rises not to one infinite but to an infinity of them?
Neil Leckman|Thought about being a stand up comedienne for zombies, but when they eat you alive, they really eat you!!
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|You should stop by the shop. I'll make you up a special Welcome-To-Marietta chocolate basket for Samara. She'll love it."Of course. He should have thought of it himself. "She's got this salted caramel thing that will earn you major points," said Dawson. "the ladies love it.""I shouldn't say this in church." Sage looked down, and dropped her voice to a whisper. "But it's been called orgasmic."With that word, for a split second, everyone around him disappeared. Logan imagined putting a tiny square of rich, smooth candy onto Samara's tongue, watching her lips move as she savored it, kissing her, sharing the sweet, silky heat. What sound would she make when the flavor hit the back of her mouth? Would she moan? Would she ask for more? "It's a gift that keeps on giving," added Dawson, waggling his eyebrows.
Ben Carson|God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Belikov is a sick, evil man who should be thrown into a pit of rabid vipers for the great offense he commited against you this morning.""Thank you." I said primly. Then, I considered. "Can vipers be rabid?""I don't see why not. Everything can be. I think. Canadian geese might be worse than vipers, though.""Canadian geese are deadlier than vipers?""You ever try to feed those little bastards? They're vicious. You get thrown to vipers, you die quickly. But the geese? That'll go on for days. More suffering.""Wow. I don't know whether I should be impressed or frightened that you've thought about all of this.
Zac Brown|I always thought it was sad that you couldn't get anything really good to eat at concerts, so we sit down with our fans before every show and eat a gourmet meal that we made for them.
Gift Gugu Mona|The will, we have, is a very strong force. If we set our minds to get to a goal and focus intensely on it, it’s hard for anything to get in the way.
Joss Whedon|Sometimes, people call my way of speaking ranting. Why are you always ranting and screaming, they ask. But here’s the thing…the reason why I rant is because I am a voice for many women that cannot speak out to heads of state, UN officials, and those that influence systems of oppression. And so I rant. And I will not stop ranting until my mission of equality of all girls is achieved.
Laura Amy Schlitz, The Hired Girl|There will never be another day such as this one, with all the variables of life combining in such a way to form this opportunity. So don't let it go, grab it.
George Santayana|We need sometimes to escape into open solitudes, into aimlessness, into the moral holiday of running some pure hazard in order to sharpen the edge of life, to taste hardship, and to be compelled to work desperately for a moment at no matter what.
Ronald Reagan|One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of hereditary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise, she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion.
Deanna Lynn Sletten, Outlaw Heroes|Etta gave Will a small, knowing smile. "Will, sometimes you have to love people for who they are, not who you want them to be.
Unknownimous|CRITICISM is part of LEARNING and GROWTH. It means that you are taking INITIATIVES to learn something new and grow over from your current state. If you are not getting criticised, it means you are not taking enough RISK to learn something new and to grow.
James Hauenstein|Be careful when you ask Karma for something that you have always wanted. When I was young, I asked to be surrounded by beautiful women. Now I have a wife and four daughters.
Jeanette Coron|Your life may not have gone the way you planned it, but it will go the way it's supposed to.
Christian Wiman|You’ve had many ordeals in the past. During these ordeals, life seemed unbearable. You may have collapsed from the exhaustion of hopelessness and curled into a fetal position. Regardless of how difficult this new ordeal may be, as with the others, this too will be overcome. It will make you stronger.
Nicholas Carr, The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains|The opening notes of a song began, some plucking of guitar strings. I knew the melody. It was Maroon 5’s “She Will Be Loved.” As pop songs went, it was pretty damn good, a bit of a favorite of mine.
A.E.  Kirk|We could finally put our seduction tactics to good use.” He danced around twirling a fire poker. “Me, me, me. I’ll do it. I’m so up for personal bodyguard boyfriend. This job has my name written all over it!”My immediate “No!” was echoed by the rest of the boys.“Babe.” Blake walked towards me with open arms. “It’ll be fun!”I scooted over the back of the couch.“Down boy.” Ayden shoved him off course.I shrugged and tried to look disappointed at Blake’s wounded expression. “You’re just too much man for me.”He nodded knowingly.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we believe in what God made and what God said, we will believe in the One whom God sent.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are what we think. Think great, be great.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|Much of your strength as a woman can come from the resolve to replenish and fill your own well and essence first, before taking care of others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The sea, no matter how endless, depends on rivers.
Ella Frank, Try|We're enveloped in pitch black. "Wait here," I whisper."Are you getting your ax?""Handcuffs.""Kinky. But, okay, I'll try it.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|Whether one is remaining alert (mindfulness), focusing on a single thought or phrase (mantra), or mentally exploring ones inner world (visualization), all are one form of concentration or another.
Kris D'Agostino, The Sleepy Hollow Family Almanac|I have a theory that as human beings get older, chemicals are released into the brain to prepare us for the end. Sort of like how the nurse lubes your ass up before the anus-cam. It makes the whole thing a lot easier to swallow. Easier, not enjoyable.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|No one can become successful for you. It takes personal definitions, personal decisions, personal convictions, personal actions and personal responsibility to succeed in life.
Audrey Hepburn|If I get married, I want to be very married.
Adil Adam Memon|Some little pieces of sand are so full of ego that they see themselves as a giant rock! But then the wind blows, the big ego flies in the air!
Dee Williams|The universe maintained a balance, moving first one way and then the other in a forever equalizing of opposites.
Katherine Russell, Without Shame|The existence of any method, standard, custom or practice is no reason for its continuance when a better is offered.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Mathematicians deal with large numbers sometimes, but never in their income.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|There are, after all, atheists who say they wish the fable were true but are unable to suspend the requisite disbelief, or who have relinquished belief only with regret. To this I reply: who wishes that there was a permanent, unalterable celestial despotism that subjected us to continual surveillance and could convict us of thought-crime, and who regarded us as its private property even after we died? How happy we ought to be, at the reflection that there exists not a shred of respectable evidence to support such a horrible hypothesis.
Jonathon Lazear, The Man Who Mistook His Job for a Life: A Chronic Overachiever Finds the Way Home|..it's not how much you work, but how working so much makes you feel that counts. And how I felt was iserable.
Barbara Delinsky, Escape|Tombstones don´t list jobs, they list relationships-mother, wife, daughter.
James Crabtree|Up until that moment, a part of her had hoped that China would be just as poor as North Korea. She still wanted to believe that her country was the best place in the world. The beliefs she had cherished for a lifetime would be vindicated. But now she couldn’t deny what was staring her plainly in the face: dogs in China ate better than doctors in North Korea.
Audrey Hepburn|Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel because it makes me realize how much I haven't seen, how much I'm not going to see, and how much I still need to see.
Steve Martin, Born Standing Up: A Comic's Life|Your highness, when I said that you are like a stream of bat's piss, I only mean that you shine out like a shaft of gold when all around it is dark
Michael  Grant, Light|I realized, when I saw the forest burning, how fascinating the firelight is. It's beautiful, and people stare at it, don't they? It destroys things and kills people, but humans love it. Is it because they crave their own destruction, Sam? I want to understand your kind. I am going out into the wider world, and I must learn. But first things first. First, to escape this shell, this egg in which I have gestated, all eyes will be on the fire, all eyes blinded by the smoke, and when I walk out of here, out into your large world with its billions, no one will even see. It's the beauty of light, don't you see, Sam? It reveals, but it also distracts and blinds. It's even better than darkness.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|Day gazed out at the sky, where a shooting star was winging across the heavens. "I stepped in between Jenna and the hex. I wasn't even thinking; it was just instinctive."	"Of course it was." Barbara gazed at him fondly. "You may think you have changed, but your gallantry was never just for show; it's part of who you are.
Jenny Baranick, Kiss My Asterisk: A Feisty Guide to Punctuation and Grammar|Then, as now, I believe that the English use language to hide what they mean.
Jules Verne|The senior director at the NSC for the Middle East is retired Col. Derek Harvey, an Arabic-speaking intelligence officer with a Ph.D. who served as the head of the U.S. military cell examining the insurgency in Iraq in 2003.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|If you want to know how much you love God, check your Tolerance level regarding Race and Religion.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|It is possible for a Christian to be perfectly orthodox and yet to be defeated, and to be living a defeated and a useless life.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride - where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.
Gyula Krúdy, The Charmed life of Kázmér Rezeda|No, I have no desire to be a feminist, I just want to be a female,
Debasish Mridha|There is only one way to success and that is love. Love what you want to do, it will be done.
Jonathan Davis|I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|One as deformed and horrible as myself, could not deny herself to me. My companion must be of the same species, and have the same defects... with whom I can live in the interchange of those sympathies necessary for my being...
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|Your death, strange human. I mean, your injury. No murder, just a little maiming. So I can leave. Maiming’s not so bad.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|The very act of story-telling, of arranging memory and invention according to the structure of the narrative, is by definition holy. We tell stories because we can't help it. We tell stories because we love to entertain and hope to edify. We tell stories because they fill the silence death imposes. We tell stories because they save us.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Sethe, he says, "me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow."He leans over and takes her hand. With the other he touches her face. "You your best thing, Sethe, You are." His holding fingers are holding hers. "Me? Me?
Sunday Adelaja|When you are intense, you will do things persistently and with speed
Paula Broadwell|Part of my strength as an actor comes from what I've learned all these years: when you play a villain, you try to get the light touches; when you play a hero, you try to get in some of the warts.
Roy Blunt|I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.
J.R. Ward, Lover Revealed|That's you," Wrath said. You shall be called the Black Dagger warrior Dhestroyer, descended of Wrath son of Wrath.""But you'll always be Butch to us," Rhage cut in. "As well as hard-ass. Smart-ass. Royal pain in the ass. You know, whatever the situation calls for. I think as long as there's an ASS in there, it'll be accurate.""How about bASStard?" Z suggested."Nice. I feel that.
Gene Edward Veith Jr., Loving God with All Your Mind: Thinking as a Christian in a Postmodern World|Psychology either tends to glorify human beings or trivialize them, leaving out the complexity of the human soul and the demands of God.
John Carmack|It is a shame that homebrew development can't be officially sanctioned and supported, because it would be a wonderful platform for a modern generation of programmers to be able to get a real feel for low level design work, to be contrasted with the high level web and application work that so many entry level people start with.
Monica Johnson|I just sort of take it from a character perspective, and I don't know if he was necessarily spiritual, but I do think he had hope. He was a character that was comfortable having hope in his life, and hope is faith.
John R. Gouin|There are many rivers that we cross in our lifetime, unfortunately some of those rivers just don't have bridges.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|She's cute, I thought, but you don't need to like a girl who treats you like you're ten: You've already got a mom.
Ike Turner|I am glad and thankful that my husband forced me to start reading for pleasure, as it took me years to listen to him and pick up a book!
Daniel Craig|My grandmother and I would go see movies, and we'd come back to the apartment - we had a one-room apartment in Hollywood - and I would kind of lock myself in this little dressing room area with a cracked mirror on the door and act out what I had just seen.
David McRaney, You Are Not So Smart: Why You Have Too Many Friends on Facebook, Why Your Memory Is Mostly Fiction, and 46 Other Ways You're Deluding Yourself|J. E. Littlewood, a mathematician at Cambridge University, wrote about the law of truly large numbers in his 1986 book, "Littlewood's Miscellany." He said the average person is alert for about eight hours every day, and something happens to the average person about once a second. At this rate, you will experience 1 million events every thirty-five days. This means when you say the chances of something happening are one in a million, it also means about once a month. The monthly miracle is called Littlewood's Law.
Kingsley Amis, Jake's Thing|Jake did a quick run-through of women in his mind, not of the ones he had known or dealt with in the past few months of years so much as all of them: their concern with the surface of things, with objects and appearances, with their surroundings and how they looked and sounded in them, with seeming to be better and to be right while getting everything wrong, their automatic assumption of the role of injured party in any clash of wills, their certainty that a view is the more credible and useful for the fact that they hold it, their use of misunderstanding and misrepresentation as weapons of debate, their selective sensitivity to tones of voice, their unawareness of the difference in themselves between sincerity and insincerity, their interest in importance (together with noticeable inability to discriminate in that sphere), their fondness for general conversation and directionless discussion, their pre-emption of the major share of feeling, their exaggerated estimate of their own plausibility, their never listening and lots of other things like that, all according to him.
Lake Bell|If the present Mrs. Wogan has a fault - and I must tread carefully here - if she has a fault, this gem in the diadem of womanhood is a hoarder. She never throws anything out. Which may explain the longevity of our marriage.
Jennifer Brown, Bitter End|The feeling of being hurt, is the proof that you are in love.
James Moloney, Angela|Dad reckons if you have a great time in one place, then that's a good reason for never going back. Nothing will ever measure up to the first time. He laughs at people who go to the same place every year, same beach, same house, same things to do.
CK Arora|Money is like your girlfriend/boyfriend; she/he will come running towards you and embrace you in her/his arms, only if you pay enough attention.
Aaron Copland|The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, 'Is there a meaning to music?' My answer would be, 'Yes.' And 'Can you state in so many words what the meaning is?' My answer to that would be, 'No.'
Alin Sav|Care about people first, then numbers.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Every country is a battlefield for the struggle between honest and dishonest, between honourable and honourless people! At the end, the character of that country will be determined by whichever group wins!
Gavin Mills|Live your life with a Burning Passion, with an Unquenchable Thirst for knowledge and wisdom.
Rachel Hartman|So the reason I was struck again and again was because of my overwhelmingly positive energy. Funny, I'd always thought of myself as a pessimist.
James Davison Hunter, The Death of Character: Moral Education in an Age Without Good or Evil|The popular concept–that we should each determine our own morality–is based on the belief that the spiritual realm is nothing at all like the rest of the world. Does anyone really believe that? For many years after each of the morning and evening Sunday services I remained in the auditorium for another hour to field questions. Hundreds of people stayed for the give-and-take discussions. One of the most frequent statements I heard was that 'Every person has to define right and wrong for him- or herself.' I always responded to the speakers by asking, 'Is there anyone in the world right now doing things you believe they should stop doing no matter what they personally believe about the correctness of their behavior?' They would invariable say, 'Yes, of course.' Then I would ask, “Doesn’t that mean that you do believe there is some kind of moral reality that is "there" that is not defined by us, that must be abided by regardless of what a person feels or thinks?' Almost always, the response to that question was silence, either a thoughtful or a grumpy one.
Stephanie Osborn, Stolen Moments|Night-time. Why is it, I wonder… Always, always it is at night whenThe fury of a hurricane makes itself felt. Perhaps it is because the spirit of the storm Delights in the darkness, for there it can Unleash its rage most potently, most Anonymously, upon the element of earth? Or perhaps it is simply because we Humans are afraid of the dark.
Randeep Hooda|Hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard, to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives.
Charles Manson|He who wishes to be rich within a day, will be hanged within a year.
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|it occurred to me what a simple thing reality is, how easy it is to make it work. It's just reality. Just housework. Just a home. Like running a simple machine. Once you learn to run it, it's just a matter of repetition. You push this button and pull that lever. You adjust a gauge, put on the lid, set the timer. The same thing, over and over.
Jay Kristoff, Endsinger|Dark now. Blacker than black, I know it. And words are tiny things in the face of all that dark and all that cold. But hear these words, little sister. Hear and know. Tomorrow is coming, just as fast as the turning of the sky. And as sure as it’s black now, the sun will rise. Always. No matter how faint the glow.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|When you GIVE under “compulsion” or “Grudgingly” you are giving under the LAW of giving and NOT the GRACE given for giving. God loves a cheerful (thankful) giver, which is giving under GRACE. 2 Cor 9:7
Isaac Asimov, The Currents of Space|For, once there's a death, one doesn't like to think there's been harsh words spoken and no chance of taking them back.
Groucho Marx|I don’t have a photograph, but you can have my footprints. They’re upstairs in my socks.
Heather Blanton, A Lady in Defiance|If we choose to turn left when God wants us to go right, we cannot expect God to support the plans we made on our own.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|It's just something I'll have to live with... The possibility of getting sick. Not knowing if I'll live another two years or forty years. I keep telling myself, I could walk outside and get hit by a bus. That's the way life is. Just surviving another day comes with its own risk.
Theodore Jerome Cohen, Night Shadows|I’ve sometimes regretted the women I’ve been.There have been so many: daughter, sister, cop, tough broad, several kinds of whore, jilted lover, ideal wife, heroine, killer.I’ll provide the truth of them all, inasmuch as I’m capable of telling the truth.Keeping secrets, telling lies, they require the same skill. Both become a habit, almost an addiction, that’s hard to break even with the people closest to you, out of the business.They say never trust a woman who tells you her age; if she can’t keep that secret, she can’t keep yours.I’m fifty-nine.
V.J. Campilan, All My Lonely Islands|The seemingly most hateful, those on the front lines of despair, are mere instruments of sinister forces, which pull the manipulative strings of manufactured supremacy.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Change for someone today and tomorrow you will hear them say, "You are not the same.
Tess Oliver, Camille|I fell back into my favorite chair and tucked my hands between my knees to stop them from shaking. I sucked in a deep breath, held it, and marveled at my own transformation into a ridiculous ninny.
J.D. Cunegan, Blood Ties|All I know is, a writer ever walks into Homicide looking to shadow someone, I’m shooting them on-sight.
Jawaharlal Nehru|I wish to declare with all earnestness that I do not want any religious ceremonies performed for me after my death. I do not believe in such ceremonies, and to submit to them, even as a matter of form, would be hypocrisy and an attempt to delude ourselves and others.
Haruki Murakami|Scorpions like holes. We had to put our arms in the holes to dig out the smelting residues. We always performed critter checks before an excavation, but one morning, I put an arm in and felt a sharp pierce. When I brought my hand out, it was red and already swelling.
Christopher J. Nolan|I grew up in an era that was a golden age of the blockbuster, when something we might call a family film could have universal appeal. That's something I want to see again. In terms of the tone of the film, it looks at where we are as a people and has a universality about human experience.
Abraham Lincoln|No man was to be eulogized for what he did; or censured for what he did or did not do. All of us are the children of conditions, of circumstances, of environment, of education, of acquired habits and of heredity; moulding men as they are and will for ever be.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Woodcourt: “Miss Summerson,” said Mr. Woodcourt, “if without obtruding myself on your confidence I may remain near you, pray let me do so.”Esther: “You are truly kind,” I answered. “I need wish to keep no secret of my own from you; if I keep any, it is another’s.”Woodcourt: “I quite understand. Trust me, I will remain near you only so long as I can fully respect it.”Esther: “I trust implicitly to you,” I said, “I know and deeply feel how sacredly you keep your promise.” - pg.807
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Given the opportunity of 'Earth-School' enrollment - some are humble enough to learn and grow, stubborn enough to fail and repeat, and wise enough to graduate and never return.
Christopher Fry, The Lady's Not for Burning|What after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean.
Shashi Tharoor|I was in my mid-teens when someone gave me a copy of 'Pears Encyclopaedia of Myth and Legends' as a birthday present. It sat on my shelves for many months before I looked at it. When I did, I couldn't stop reading it.
Deyth Banger|You're the mirror, I am your image...
Margaret Atwood|When you can stop you don't want to, and when you want to stop, you can't...
Neale Donald Walsch|I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.
Zig Ziglar|I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|When I connect with the animals around me, I connect with their soul. I believe where there is a soul, there is a journey and a purpose.
Alice  Miller, The Drama of the Gifted Child: The Search for the True Self|Want to talk about it?" I asked gently.He smirked at me. "I appreciate the offer, but I'm a guy. We don't do that." My nose scrunched up in confusion. "We don't discuss our feelings.""That's a relief; I don't want to talk about it either.
Omar Khayyám, Edward Fitzgerald's The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|Wherefore is there ice and snow, chilling winds and bitter nights? Is it to mock the earth for its sunshine? No, not so! We forget that sunlight is impossible without shadows; that for every day there is a night; that for every joy there is a pain; that for every laugh there is a sob. Progress is never a straight line upward; always it is down and then around.
Dorothy L. Sayers|I am concerned only with the proper training of the mind to encounter and deal with the formidable mass of undigested problems presented to it by the modern world. For the tools of learning are the same, in any and every subject; and the person who knows how to use them will, at any age, get the mastery of a new subject in half the time and with a quarter of the effort expended by the person who has not the tools at his command.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|He was the last thread suspending me in the light. Without him, I can feel myself spiraling downward, falling to a place where I can no longer pull myself back up.
Woody Harrelson|To the extent the dollar gains strength relative to other currencies, assets priced in those other currencies would become cheaper on a dollar basis.
Susan Orlean|The most basic rule of editing is that if you can’t bear to read it, no one else can either. So when you find yourself skimming, commit murder.
J.D. Robb, Calculated in Death|The wife’s gotta know. You can’t hook up like that for what looks like about six or seven years without the wife figuring it out. Unless she’s another idiot.“I’m not an idiot.”Smiling, Roarke continued to stroke. “I’ll keep that in mind when I decide to have a long-term affair.”“Yeah, you do that. They’ll never find your body,” she murmured, then dropped into sleep.His smiled warmed, and feeling well loved, he dropped off with her.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|He came back to her lips and tasted them briefly before settling his forehead against hers. “I don’t care what Grayson or his legal document says,” he muttered between catches of wind. “God’s given you to me, and as soon as He allows, I’ll claim you as my own.”He spoke with such confidence that if she allowed herself, she could almost believe him. But with belief came hope, and with hope, the inevitability of pain.The knocking at the door resumed, more urgently this time.Along her throat, splotches of cool marked where he’d sampled her. Milly lamented that it was already warming. In heartbeats, all she would have was memories. And anguish. Could God truly fill the hollow Phillip would leave? Last night, His promise had filled her to the depths of her soul. It was enough. It would have to be.With his eyes locked on hers, Phillip’s hand trailed her cheek and throat. It brushed over her shoulder and down her arm. Then, in one blink, he wiped every emotion from his face, stunning her with the callous glaze of his eyes.He gripped her by the elbow, whisked her through the kitchen, and opened the door to her wretched future.
Sunday Adelaja|Leaders are not born, but made as a result of hard work
Meik Wiking, The Little Book of Hygge: The Danish Way to Live Well|Adults are not supposed to play. We are supposed to stress, have worries and be too busy dealing with life's problems. But according to a study undertaken by Princeton University and led by Alan Krueger, Professor in Economics and Public Affairs there, we are happiest when we are involved in engaging leisure activities.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Words have less substance than air. Don't tell me about your zealous dreams, your firm convictions, your profound love―show me.
Michael Shermer|Scientific prayer makes God a celestial lab rat, leading to bad science and worse religion.
Margherita Missoni|Raising the minimum wage represents a substantial financial burden for employers, particularly start-ups, early stage companies, and family-owned businesses. In response, business owners would be forced to either lay off workers or raise prices to offset the rise in labor costs.
Deepak Chopra|Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
Chris Rock|I go out and speak to women's groups all the time, and I say, 'Guys, you gotta laugh and find the humor in things. You gotta pass it on.'
Alexandria Marzano-Lesnevich, The Fact of a Body: A Murder and a Memoir|New landscapes, new customs. The accumulation of memories. A long life is not a question of years. A man without memories might reach the age of a hundred and feel that his life had been a very brief one.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|You know, Gilan, sarcasm isn't the lowest form of wit. It's not even wit at all.
Carl Sagan|Phineas didn't really dislike West Point in particular or authority in general, but just considered authority the necessary evil against which happiness was achieved by reaction, the backboard which returned all the insults he threw at it.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Jobs also used the meetings to enforce focus. At Robert Friedland's farm, his job had been to prune the apple trees so that they would stay strong, and that became a metaphor for his pruning at Apple. Instead of encouraging each group to let product lines proliferate based on marketing considerations, or permitting a thousand ideas to bloom, Jobs insisted that Apple focus on just two or three priorities at a time. " There is no one better at turning off the noise that is going on around him," Cook said. " That allows him to focus on a few things and say no to many things. Few people are really good at that.
John    Manning, The Disciplined Leader: Keeping the Focus on What Really Matters|Courage is a requirement for facing your fears, doing things differently, and applying any new habits that align with and support your goals.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Polishing the gold in others will not only make them feel better about themselves, but it will also elevate you in their eyes as well as your own. Gifting others with your words of affirmation is an easy yet generous way to spread goodwill and create a positive experience for everyone.
Shannon L. Alder|Expectations are nothing more than the rules we set, in order to maintain our ego and self esteem. What we seek from others is often that fulfillment of what we believe we require for happiness. However, many of us will raise the requirements so high that we can't even reach them or better yet, realize that we could find that expectation met by our own introspection and action.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|The American Negro has the great advantage of having never believed the collection of myths to which white Americans cling: that their ancestors were all freedom-loving heroes, that they were born in the greatest country the world has ever seen, or that Americans are invincible in battle and wise in peace, that Americans have always dealt honorably with Mexicans and Indians and all other neighbors or inferiors, that American men are the world's most direct and virile, that American women are pure. Negroes know far more about white Americans than that; it can almost be said, in fact, that they know about white Americans what parents—or, anyway, mothers—know about their children, and that they very often regard white Americans that way. And perhaps this attitude, held in spite of what they know and have endured, helps to explain why Negroes, on the whole, and until lately, have allowed themselves to feel so little hatred. The tendency has really been, insofar as this was possible, to dismiss white people as the slightly mad victims of their own brainwashing.
Martin Luther|Stupidity is also a gift of God, but one mustn't misuse it.
LEONORA MORRISON, The Bed and the Bookcase|You must not fear that clutching at your dreams will shatter them so they run through your fingers like sand. That way lies a life spent in yearning. But yearning is only a season of dreaming, for dreams, if nurtured, become strong.
Mickey Rourke|As the fly bangs against the window attempting freedom while the door stands open, so we bang against death ignoring heaven.
Lauren Child|If God wanted us in the ocean, he wouldn’t have made the land.
Farkas Bolyai|Do not try the parallels in that way: I know that way all along. I have measured that bottomless night, and all the light and all the joy of my life went out there.[Having himself spent a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to prove Euclid's postulate that parallel lines do not meet, Farkas discouraged his son János from any further attempt.]
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life and Counsels and Maxims|Men are like children, in that, if you spoil them, they become naughty. Therefore it is well not to be too indulgent or charitable with anyone. You may take it as a general rule that you will not lose a friend by refusing him a loan, but that you are very likely to do so by granting it; and, for similar reasons, you will not readily alienate people by being somewhat proud and careless in your behavior; but if you are very kind and complaisant towards them, you will often make them arrogant and intolerable, and so a breach will ensue.
Dada Bhagwan|In nature, there is no pain or suffering neither in the spiritual life nor in the worldly life. The worldly life has become painful due to lack of this understanding. One does not know how to interact in life. He should remain untouched in the worldly life. When one remains untouched in the worldly life, there is no end to the bliss that arises!
Maya Angelou|My life has been long, and believing that life loves the liver of it, I have dared to try many things, sometimes trembling, but daring, still.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I mean obviously, staying alive is pretty fucking important . . . but there’s got to be something beyond that, right?
Joseph Conrad, Youth|Maybe it is because I am an old man, but I find, M. Poirot, that there is something about the defenselessness of youth that moves me to tears. Youth is so vulnerable. It is so ruthless - so sure. So generous and so demanding.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you see the fear and sadness,be there the source of love and kindness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But with what wonder has the season come?Its treasure lies in earthen ships,that carry dreams across the foam.And how your memory of Sarah rapesthe fleshly heart that once bore scenes,now veiled in smoky stains of tears;it cries as on its crutches leans,and ever fills itself with fears.Be born anew to taste the skyLay waste cocoon and upwind fly.
RJ Clawson|World with various situations has various relations,don't give conclusions with your perception.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Look, I’ve already fucked you twice. You don’t have to flatter me. Besides, I love my friends way too much to trade them in for the sake of looking hotter.”“Seriously?”“Yeah. I mean, Casey has been my best friend since, like, forever, and she’s the most loyal person I’ve ever met. And Jessica… well, she has no idea about me and her brother. We weren’t friends back then. In fact, I didn’t want to know her after Jake and I split, but Casey said it would be good for me, and she was right… as usual. Jessica can be a little ditsy, but she’s the sweetest, most innocent person I know. I could never give either of them up just to look good. That’d make me a real dumbass.”“Then they’re lucky to have you.”“I just said not to flatter-”“I’m being honest.” Wesley frowned at the mirror. “I have only one friend-one real friend. Harrison is the only guy who will be seen with me, and that’s because we aren’t trying to attract the same audience, if you know what I mean.” A small smile spread across his lips when he turned to face me. “Most people will do anything to avoid being the Duff.”“Well, I guess I’m not most people.
Kimberly Belle, The Ones We Trust|In my experience, people who don't stick around during the hard times weren't worth having around anyway.
Christina Rickardsson|Stars are not praised for shining during the day, but at night.
Peggy Rathmann|You can do anything and be a star. You can dress like however you want, and you can do whatever you want. If you wanna wear meat suits like Lady Gaga, good. She's freaking amazing! She's doing that, and she's unbelievable. I can wear T-shirts and still be great, too. So that's just what I'm proving to people.
Warsan Shire|Document the moments you feel most in love with yourself - what you’re wearing, who you’re around, what you’re doing. Recreate and repeat.
Paul Park, All Those Vanished Engines|Love it when a compelling new character kicks open your mental door, tracks mud across your brain, and props their feet up on your cerebrum.
Saint Bernard|Learning what all you can overcome as a person, as a human being, is very important. It's very important to understand your strength. Which is not to say you become hardened or bitter.
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|In its report issued that year, 1991, Amnesty International recorded protests against human rights abuses in over fifty countries, the protest to thirteen countries making specific reference to torture. These are the kinds of thing many of us have a vague background awareness of, without there being much publicity unless the perpetrators are some currently loathed regime, or unless some highly visible Westerner is among the victims.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God bless all mankind with faith, hope, love, joy and peace.
Robyn Peterman, Some Were In Time|Do Dragons eat Mexican?" Hank wondered out loud."Dude, they eat people. Mexican is a vast improvement over people.
James Patterson, Fang|Okay, so, flying,” I started, taking a deep breath and focusing on the thing I loved most in the world. “Flying is … great. It feels great when you’re doing it. It’s fun. Pure freedom. There’s nothing better.”Dylan smiled, a slow, easy smile that seemed to light up his whole face.“So the first thing we’re going to do,” I told him, “is push you off the roof.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.
Katherine Dunn|Equality for men and women, across the world, not only in sports, is the goal. We obviously have a long way to go, but every little bit helps.
Jane Goldman|I had a birthday party with my family and friends at a house, and Chipotle catered. It was beautiful.
Babette Rothschild, The Body Remembers: The Psychophysiology of Trauma and Trauma Treatment|Somatic Symptoms:People with Complex PTSD often have medical unexplained physical symptoms such as abdominal pains, headaches, joint and muscle pain, stomach problems, and elimination problems. These people are sometimes most unfortunately mislabeled as hypochondriacs or as exaggerating their physical problems. But these problems are real, even though they may not be related to a specific physical diagnosis. Some dissociative parts are stuck in the past experiences that involved pain may intrude such that a person experiences unexplained pain or other physical symptoms. And more generally, chronic stress affects the body in all kinds of ways, just as it does the mind. In fact, the mind and body cannot be separated. Unfortunately, the connection between current physical symptoms and past traumatizing events is not always so clear to either the individual or the physician, at least for a while. At the same time we know that people who have suffered from serious medical, problems. It is therefore very important that you have physical problems checked out, to make sure you do not have a problem from which you need medical help.
Karl R. Popper|The more we learn about the world, and the deeper our learning, the more conscious, specific, and articulate will be our knowledge of what we do not know; our knowledge of our ignorance. For this indeed, is the main source of our ignorance - the fact that our knowledge can be only finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite.
Eric Clapton|Super-envious of the fact that Daft Punk can wear robot helmets and be one of the most famous bands in the world, while also understanding that will never be my situation.
Alice Pung, Her Father's Daughter|I write so that my handful of pebbles, cast daily into still waters, will produce a ripple. 
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Joy is the realest reality, the fullest life, and joy is always given, never grasped. God gives gifts and I give thanks and I unwrap the gift given: joy. (Page 57)
Margaret Atwood|Respect the place you live, be aware of the impact that you have on things.
John Pipkin|Sketches of mad skies spilling stars caught in spiraling gyres, diagrams for constructing sextants tall as a man and armillary spheres to mimic the motion of the cosmos. He decides that he must have all of it, that he will cram the little observatory with maps and charts, clocks and compasses, and instruments for bringing the sky nearer.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|The snow, the effect of concealment and secrecy it creates, makes him think of the brutality of the wartime legislation to forbid and violently extract secrets. It is as if the hushed white landscape is showing how sacrosanct are our secrets, how much of our vitality is bound up in them.
Anum Sattar|Make the best of what you have today.Today is the day.The best is here: now, it is always be at the present moment.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Malina|I'll worship animals in the night, I'll lay violent hands on the holiest icons, I'll clutch at all lies, I'll grow bestial in my dreams and will allow myself to be slaughtered like a beast.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Basically it is your choice. No matter what spiritual path you have taken, no matter what experiences you have had, choice is still choice. Spiritual development doesn’t happen automatically. It is choosing the eye of Tao that sees both the whole view of things from a distance and the core of reality from deep inside.
Piaget|If you want to be creative, stay in part a child, with the creativity and invention that characterizes children before they are deformed by adult society.
Stephanie Lahart|It’s so easy and convenient to buy our children gifts, but I encourage and challenge you to give them gifts that TRULY matter! The gift of unconditional love. The gift of encouragement. The gift of support. The gift of friendship. The gift of communication, understanding, and patience. The gift of guidance and support. The gift of quality time. And the gift of loving them for who THEY are. Material things are nice, but NOTHING compares to genuine love! Parenting should be taking seriously.
Anaïs Nin, Little Birds|Excited my little whore? Yes, that's what you are, letting me fuck you the way I do. You know that's not good. Letting me punish you. My cock wants to be down your throat, inside your pussy and…In your ass. You tease me with it every fucking day.
Martin Luther|All who call on God in true faith, earnestly from the heart, will certainly be heard, and will receive what they have asked and desired.
Sarah Orne Jewett|A person who has been punished is not less inclined to behave in a given way; at best, he learns how to avoid punishment.
David Nicholls, Us|No one likes a braggart, and to praise your children is to curse them with misfortune, but we admit it, if only in secret, if only to ourselves: We are proud, we are so proud of them. We've given them all we can, but our greatest gift has been to imprint upon them our own ordinariness. They may begrudge us, may think us unambitious and narrow-minded, but someday they will realize that what makes them unremarkable is what kept them alive.
Denis de Rougemont, Love in the Western World|This peculiar connexion between a certain view of woman and the European conception of war has had profound consequences for morality, education, and politics.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|The police are required to enforce the law in areas where they do not live, do not eat, do not go to the barbershop. They have no interaction with the people in that community except when they are called to resolve an issue. To bridge the gap we must establish relationships with the people and communities we serve. If we don’t we will continue to have biases that grow and fester and create deadly situations.
Robert Junior|The goal is nothing other than the coherence and completeness of the system not only in respect of all details, but also in respect of all physicists of all places, all times, all peoples, and all cultures.
William Shenstone|Here, again, as I conceive, gentlemen forget that this government is a republican one, resting exclusively in the intelligence and virtue of the People.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|But part of loving is sacrificing our ego's need to be right. Part of loving is realising that all of us are on the same journey, seeking the same things, but find ourselves at different places. When we are able to acknowledge and accept this reality; we are freed from the desire to force others into our systems, our beliefs and our points of view.
Anton Chekhov|The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them.
Joni Eareckson Tada, The God I Love: A Lifetime of Walking with Jesus|His sins seemed to be so few that he was alarmed and groped anxiously for more, knowing he could not be without guilt.
Valerie Jarrett|If someone's trying to get you angry, the calmer you get, the angrier they'll get.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every road will take you somewhere! But the question is: To where? To a sunny place or to a place full with shadows? Those who are very sure of their paths often end up in the second place! Don’t be so sure with your path, question it ten times, question it hundred times!
Seth Shostak|When you've done the technical part, you're then into the joy, the zen, into being. Technology no longer exists for you. You're then into the mystery of the thing you're doing.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Don’t have kids until you’re ready. And when you do have them, have them all the way. They aren’t like some Cadillac that you can turn back into the dealership after three years.
Sunday Adelaja|You know." he said, resting the fiddle in his lap, "once you love something enough--enough to let it consume you completely--it becomes part of you, even when it's buried and quiet.
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo|Childhood depression tends to be more common in inner cities, being most frequently related to serious social deprivation, bullying, domestic violence, wartime experience and famine. It is, for example, a serious problem among children who are traumatised refugees.
Dada Bhagwan|Caution others, only if your cautioning does not hurt them. If it does, then do not caution them.
Emma Shortt, 'Twas a Dark and Delicious Christmas|I write for the same reason I eat chocolate - because it is, undeniably a compulsion.
Barbara Boxer|Medicine will be personalized and preventive: Your genome might predict that you have an 80 percent chance of breast cancer by the time you are 50, but if you take a preventive drug starting when you are 40, the chance will drop to 2 percent.
J.D. Robb, Glory in Death|We're standing here, beat to shit, walking away from a crime scene where either or both of us could have bought it, and you're asking me to marry you?""Perfect timing.
Alanna Mitchell, Malignant Metaphor: Confronting Cancer Myths|The predominant cancer metaphor is war. We fight cancer, usually valiantly. We attack tumors and try to annihilate them and bring out our arsenals to do that, and so on. It's us against cancer. This metaphor has come in for its share of criticism within the ethical, psychological and even oncological disciplines. A main concern is that when someone dies of cancer, the message that remains is that that person just hasn't fought hard enough, was not a brave enough soldier against the ultimate foe, did not really want to win.The cancer-is-war metaphor does not seem to allow space for the idea that in actual war, some soldiers die heroically for the larger good, no matter which side wins. War is death. In the cancer war, if you die, you've lost and cancer has won. The dead are responsible not just for getting cancer, but also for failing to defeat it.
Debasish Mridha|A great leader fights with great adversity, suffers greatly, but courageously, and never forget to help others is his ultimate duty.
Peace Pilgrim|The making of the far-famed New York Central Park was opposed by even good men, with misguided pluck, perseverance, and ingenuity, but straight right won its way, and now that park is appreciated. So we confidently believe it will be with our great national parks and forest reservations.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|He always smiles, even when contemplating nothing good.
Cliff Stearns|We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?
Alyson Foster, God Is an Astronaut|The realization of such a thing cannot possibly be as beautiful as its imagining, of course.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|Wesley's touch lingers on my skin. His music echoes through my head. I remind myself as I scrub my skin that we are both liars and con artists. That we will always have secrets, some that bind us and some that cut between us, slicing us into pieces.
Mark Hyman|Our typical Western diet is full of inflammatory fats - saturated fats, trans fats, too many omega-6, inflammatory, processed vegetable oils like soy and corn oils. These increase IGF-1 and stimulate pimple follicles.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Some dissociative parts of the personality, living in trauma time, may experience the same emotion no matter the situation, such as fear, rage, shame, sadness, yearning and even some positive ones just as joy.* Other parts have a broader range of feeling. Because emotions are often held in certain parts of the personality, different parts can have highly contradictory perceptions, emotions, and reactions to the same situation.”*This explains many feelings, emotions, and doubts about the unknown haunting us at times.*Awareness and discovering the inner world may help, tremendously.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|I tell you, old friend, I'd rather be stuck here in a Strander burrow than blowing smoke rings in Glipwood, where the Fangs spit and howl and kill our spirits. At least we're here because we choose to be. We're here out of bravery and not cowardice.
Stephen Fry|Language is my whore, my mistress, my wife, my pen-friend, my check-out girl. Language is a complimentary moist lemon-scented cleansing square or handy freshen-up wipette. Language is the breath of God, the dew on a fresh apple, it's the soft rain of dust that falls into a shaft of morning sun when you pull from an old bookshelf a forgotten volume of erotic diaries; language is the faint scent of urine on a pair of boxer shorts, it's a half-remembered childhood birthday party, a creak on the stair, a spluttering match held to a frosted pane, the warm wet, trusting touch of a leaking nappy, the hulk of a charred Panzer, the underside of a granite boulder, the first downy growth on the upper lip of a Mediterranean girl, cobwebs long since overrun by an old Wellington boot.
Ronda Rousey|Whether you are a consumer, a hardware maker, a software developer or a provider of cool new services, it's hard to make a move in the American cellphone world without the permission of the companies that own the pipes.
Liya Kebede|When you have been born in a war like me, living in a war as a child, when you have been in wars as a war correspondent all your life - trust me! You develop a form of fatalism; you are always ready to die.
Doris Day|Virtue is not photogenic. What is it to be a nice guy? To be nothing, that's what. A big fat zero with a smile for everybody.
John Logan|You have a lot to learn, young man. Philosophy. Theology. Literature. Poetry. Drama. History. Archeology. Anthropology. Mythology. Music. These are your tools as much as brush and pigment. You cannot be an artist until you are civilized. You cannot be civilized until you learn. To be civilized is to know where you belong in the continuum of our art and your world. To surmount the past, you must know the past.
Steve Goodier|I can be alone without being lonely. In fact, those times of solitude are necessary respite for a beleaguered soul, set upon by the pressures of life. I need to take whatever moments I can to just be still.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
Marta Mrotek, Miracle in Progress: A Handbook for Holistic Recovery|Ana, honey, you've always had a tendency to overanalyse everything. Go with your gut.
Daniel Klein|This, in the end, is the prime purpose of a philosophy: to give us lucid ways to think about the world and how to live in it.
Indeewara Jayawardane|Something about you makes me feel like I can tell you things like that. You’re so still. It’s like, you’ll just hear it.” He smiled wryly. “I can’t even hear what I’m thinking most of the time,” he said, his brow wrinkling. “My brain’s noisy.
Deyth Banger|But you can't be too careful of these strange new ideas and new things. You must not tamper with them. If you try to understand them, they may entangle and get hold of you, and then where will you be? Hide your mind from them, and hide them from your mind. Stick to the plain common sense of life. There will always be a tomorrow rather like today. At least so far there always has been a fairly similar tomorrow. Once or twice lately there have been jolts... Try not to notice these jolts. 'It is no good meeting trouble halfway.
Rohit  Sharma|Your absence in my life is testing me every second. It has gifted me incompleteness, pain, and hope.
Sheherazade Goldsmith|For every book that I write... I develop a history for each person and make sure they are well rounded and flawed. You have to know everything about them from their shoe size, to where they went to school, to what their first pet was, to what they like to eat, to what they want out of life.
Masayoshi Son|Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better. Any time you stand in line at the DMV and look around, you're like, 'Oh, my God, I wish all these people were replaced by computer drivers.'
Frank F. Gelat|She had married him in order to be safe from the chaos. He had married her, she now understood, for the same reason. They were the last two people on earth who could make anyone safe from anything.
skumarsinha|Relationship is like money, Hard to earn and easy lose.
Vladimir Nabokov|I think growing up on a farm in a certain amount of isolation, with not a lot of friends nearby, makes you entertain yourself and kind of grows your imagination - being alone is quite good for all that. You make up stories, talk to the animals, let them be an audience, a bunch of cows.
Dana Michelle Burnett, Spiritus|Hauntings are memes, especially pernicious thought contagions, social contagions that need no viral or bacterial host and are transmitted in a thousand different ways... Too often, people make the mistake of trying to use their art to capture a ghost, but only end up spreading their haunting to countless other people.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Genius could be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way, or even to say a simple thing in a simpler way.
Patrick Ness, Release|Well I mean... I thought peace and equality was the point of the truce. Obviously equality was a bunch of crap, but there was this big 'togetherness' campaign which, while being totally dorky, was admittedly at the root a nice idea
Rosie Blythe|The most decisive and certainly most delicious option for an aggrieved worker in a narcissist’s office is simply quitting. Slamming your resignation letter on the boss’s desk and striding out to take a better job somewhere else is satisfying and in both its finality and its totality. Instantly the feared figure is stripped of all power, reduced to a person of utter inconsequence in your life. Not only does this spell immediate freedom for the exiting employee, it can also contribute to the long-term decline of the boss.
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|Those who deal with customers on a regular basis should be circumspect whenever they open their “traps.” It is better not to say anything at all than to say, and later, pay!
Cyril Connolly|Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
Jacob Appel, Radiazione|She remembers this phrase from his final months of law school, when he brought home the books on starting up a business. He'd read ravenously for several weeks and then predicted: "Well, darling, we're going to be rich." Now he slaps shut the last of his books and announces, with equal assurance: "We're all going to die.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|It takes a CONSTANT flowing of gas from the cylinder to keep the fire burning under your pot. “WOOING your woman” should be a continuous process. It should NEVER end after you get your “yes” from her. If you did a lot to get her, you should do more to keep her.
Cicero, Orator, 46BC|To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. For what is the worth of human life, unless it is woven into the life of our ancestors by the records of history?"Cicero, Orator, 46 BCBy way of 'Dictator' by Robert Harris, 2015
Anthony de Mello|The Master made it his task to destroy systematically everydoctrine, every belief, every concept of the divine, for thesethings, which were originally intended as pointers, were nowbeing taken as descriptions.He loved to quote the Eastern saying "When the sage pointsto the moon, all that the idiot sees is the finger.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|...You can't unlearn something, even if you want to. You know what you know.
Karina Halle, Dirty Angels|We were vicious and violent but elegant and discreet. There was a dance to all of this, one that kept all things flowing in the right direction, a circle that ensured the smartest and brightest would stay on top, not the man with the most guns and the smallest dick.
Douglas Self|I was always a killer. It was my skill, and they’d taught me well. She taught me love.
Julia Quinn, A Night Like This|—And you completely blow me away and rip my world up and everything else, and then you go back to ignoring me.” “I blew you away?” I squeak out before I can stop myself. He stares at me steadily. “You blew everything away.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Your life is a reflection… you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE. You gotta BE it to SEE it.
Holly Madison|I don't know, the word 'famous' just sounds really weird to me, because I'm just me.
Dannika Dark, Twist|Don't pursue something with a vengeful heart, or it will destroy you. Hate wraps a cold hand around your heart and hollows you out." - Justus
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Was it possible to fall for someone you’d met only once and communicated with only through phone, chat, and text? I had sleepless nights wondering, and every time I thought about it, the answer was yes, yes, yes! And I refused to think of it as infatuation.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Wicked Wolf|She was a good witch and a decent person, but decent people aren’t always easy to live with.
Kimberly Belle, The Ones We Trust|...disaster, when it is quite sure of its own strength, will announce itself by hardly moving its lips...
Craig Raine|Mine, said the stone,mine is the hour.I crush the scissors,such is my power.Stronger than wishes,my power, alone.Mine, said the paper,mine are the wordsthat smother the stonewith imagined birds,reams of them, flownfrom the mind of the shaper.Mine, said the scissors,mine all the knivesgashing through paper’sethereal lives;nothing’s so properas tattering wishes.As stone crushes scissors,as paper snuffs stoneand scissors cut paper,all end alone.So heap up your paperand scissor your wishesand uproot the stonefrom the top of the hill.They all end aloneas you will, you will.
Lindsay Chamberlin, The Shoreline|You’ve sufficiently invaded every part of me, Alexis; my heart, my mind, and now my dreams.
Bessel A. van der Kolk|Triggers are like little psychic explosions that crash through avoidance and bring the dissociated, avoided trauma suddenly, unexpectedly, back into consciousness.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|It's funny how cucumber water can taste so much better than pickle juice, even though they come from the same source.
Tan Le|What scares me? Oh, now that's a big question. I don't know what scares me - cockroaches, nuclear apocalypse. Fear is an interesting thing. It has a place in all of our lives. I try to be as fearless as possible. I don't always succeed, but I like to think I try.
Lorna Luft|It's not that hard to imagine the natural world recovering it's health in our absence: it's more difficult, and more necessary, to imagine it recovering its health in our presence.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you praise God in pain, it is preparing you for provision.
Kathryn Holmes|Sam, I know you’re upset over what happened with you and Drake,” Astrid began.“Upset?” Sam echoed the word with an ironic smirk.“But that’s no excuse for you keeping secrets from us.”“Yeah,” Howard said, “Don’t you know only Astrid is allowed to keep secrets?”“Shut up, Howard,” Astrid snapped.“Yeah, we get to lie because we’re the smart ones,” Howard said. “Not like all those idiots out there.”Astrid turned her attention back to Sam. “This is not okay, Sam. The council has the responsibility. Not you alone.”Sam looked like he could not care less about what she was saying. He looked almost beyond reach, indifferent to what was going on around him.“Hey,” Astrid said. “We’re talking to you.”That did it. His jaw clenched. His head snapped up. His eyes blazed. “Don’t push me. That wasn’t you with your skin whipped off and covered in blood. That was me. That was me who went down into that mine shaft to try to fight the gaiaphage.”Astrid blinked. “No one is minimizing what you’ve done, Sam. You’re a hero. But at the same time—”Sam was on his feet. “At the same time? At the same time you were here in town. Edilio had a bullet in his chest. Dekka was torn to pieces. I was trying not to scream from the…You and Albert and Howard, you weren’t there, were you?”“I was busy standing up to Zil, trying to save Hunter’s life,” Astrid yelled.“But it wasn’t you and your big words, was it? It was Orc who stopped Zil. And he was there because I sent him to rescue you. Me!” He stabbed a finger at his own chest, actually making what looked like painful impact. “Me! Me and Brianna and Dekka and Edilio! And poor Duck.
Scott  Hawkins, The Library at Mount Char|Eating pizza is like having a little heaven in your nose. Wait, that's not what you eat pizza with. I always get it confused with pizza-pie.
Mark Forsyth, The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language|Without language, one cannot talk to people and understand them; one cannot share their hopes and apsirations, grasp their history, appreciate their poetry or savour their songs. I again realized that we were not different people with separate languages; we were one people, with different tongues.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|Psychological pseudoscience dies hard, especially when there are commercial interests at stake.
Napoleon Hill|Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A simple handshake is not always a simple handshake. The way it is delivered can take on a million meanings and interpretations. As with every other form of body language and non-verbal communication, you are sending silent messages simply by the way you shake hands.
Queen Latifah|My mom was my main influence growing up, and Phylicia Rashad reminded me a lot of my mother, just the way she handled certain things, she was... not soft-spoken but smooth-spoken. Just very calm, cool, collected about things.
Aishwarya Sharma|Self-Love is accepting you for what you are, Accepting your flaws and just being confident in your own skin. Acceptance is the first and the most important step for the self-love. Accept the fact that you are a human and thus wired to make mistakes.
Russell Wilson|We are descended from a people whose government was founded on liberty; our glorious forefathers of Great Britain made liberty the foundation of everything. That country is become a great, mighty, and splendid nation; not because their government is strong and energetic, but, sir, because liberty is its direct end and foundation.
Lewis Howes|When I wake up in the morning, I feel just like any other insecure 24-year-old girl.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|It is what you do about the fear you feel that sets you apart, to be a coward or a courageous person.
Walter O'Brien|My father was my trainer, my teacher. He was closer to my sister in the sense that she adored him and he adored her. He was more like my pal. Because of the 13-year gap, I think by the time I came along, it wasn't a big deal. I wasn't spoilt or cherished, I was just put to work.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Flexibility is just as essential for divinity as is discipline. Your job, then, should you choose to accept it, is to keep searching for the metaphors, rituals and teachers that will help you move ever closer to divinity.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Organizational culture is just like the “Operation System” of the organization, you need reboot periodically to keep it running smoothly.
Al Sharpton|I don't like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that I'm away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.
James Hunt|The car business is a lot like football. In football, you have to win once a week. In the car business, you have to win every day.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|There are few people who are mature enough to uphold moral and ethical values; who have a remarkable character; who are honest and sincere; who cultivate and harbor loyalty, devotion and dedication by rendering a striking admiration.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|If men could only know each other, they would neither idolize nor hate.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|A spiritual reinterpretation of events gives us miraculous authority to command the winds, to part the waters, and to break all chains that bind us.
Richard McKenzie|That economics has a considerable conceptual apparatus with an appropriate terminology can not be a serious ground for complaint. Economic phenomena, ideas, instruments of analysis exist. They require names. Education in economics is, in considerable measure, an introduction to this terminology and to the ideas that it denotes. Anyone who has difficulties with the ideas should complete his education or, following an exceedingly well-beaten path, leave the subject alone. It is sometimes said that the economist has a special obligation to make himself understood because his subject is of such great and popular importance. By this rule the nuclear physicist would have to speak in monosyllables.
Thalia Circe|grappling with some small understanding of this place, this time, we're in" my poem "In a BishopsWood Clearing
Michael K. Powell|Whether you're gay or straight, with a physical disability, your skin's a different color, it's absurd in this age to not be aware and be concerned of the inequity in rights.
J.D. Netto, The Whispers of the Fallen|Robin Hood or my Robyn Hood - a legendary character known throughout the world. Why? Essentially the character is on the side of the poor, the oppressed, those who live in a society with very limited recourse to justice. Hence the attraction of an heroic figure who identifies with the poor and the needy and has the courage and ability to solve the problems. Often at the point of an arrow or sword? Why not. That gives the hero character an adventurous dimension to their actions.
P. J. O'Rourke|To anger female voters in America is to tread on the tiger's tail. Women turn out in huge numbers, and they are well aware of how their bodies work and what they need.
Shirley Abbott, Womenfolks: Growing Up Down South|If I grew up in the simple-minded belief that women were as strong and intelligent as men, it was because I came from a society that had once believed it.
Dada Bhagwan|When Self (Khuda) is realized, egoism (Aap-khudi) goes away.
Israelmore Ayivor, Mine Your Gold: How to Dig Up and Optimize Your Hidden Greatness|We're like goldfields. Until we dig deep to find what's inside us, our true potentials may be hidden forever.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You're always you, and that don't change, and you're always changing, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Paige Shelton, Bookman Dead Style|Good gravy on biscuits, girlfriend, you are in the middle of more messes than a platter of scrambled eggs. What's going on? Are the planets aligned funny? Or is that unaligned? Shoot, I have no idea. But I need to know what's going on. You and I will be going out for coffee in about thirty seconds.
Voltairine de Cleyre, The Voltairine de Cleyre Reader|I think the difficulty lies in the immeasurable vanity of the human adult, particularly the pedagogical adult,… which does not permit him to recognize as good any tendency in children to fly in the face of his conceptions of a correct human being; to recognize that may be here is something highly desirable, to be encourage, rather than destroyed as pernicious…. [Y]our teacher has usually well-defined conceptions of what men and women have to be. And if a boy is too lively, too noisy, too restless, too curious, to suit the concept, he must be trimmed and subdued.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|Lies are neither bad nor good. Like a fire they can either keep you warm or burn you to death, depending on how they're used.
Elisabeth Elo, North of Boston|All across the world, people are loyal to their tribe. --- (Pirio)
Philippa Perry|When psychotherapy began, it was about the practitioner listening to a patient and interpreting what the patient said, in order to afford the patient insights about his or her psyche. But now we understand that the main curative part of psychotherapy is the relationship itself. It appears not to be relevant which psychology school the practitioner belongs to. What matters is the quality of the relationship and the practitioner's belief in what he or she is offering.
Kimberly Derting, The Pledge|The really unforgivable acts are committed by calm men in beautiful green silk rooms, who deal death wholesale, by the shipload, without lust, or anger, or desire, or any redeeming emotion to excuse them but cold fear of some pretended future. But the crimes they hope to prevent in that future are imaginary. The ones they commit in the present — they are real.
Friedrich A. Hayek|Our faith in freedom does not rest on the foreseeable results in particular circumstances but on the belief that it will, on balance, release more forces for the good than for the bad.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|...vast accession of strength from their younger recruits, who having nothing in them of the feelings or principles of ’76 now look to a single and splendid government of an Aristocracy, founded on banking institutions and monied in corporations under the guise and cloak of their favored branches of manufactures commerce and navigation, riding and ruling over the plundered ploughman and beggared yeomanry.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Some grief shows much of love,But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
Robin Sacredfire|There's no such thing as positive thinking. There is, however, positive acting and positive doing, and positive being. Positive thinking is the reflection of such activities. You can't force yourself to think positively, but merely suppress negativity and get insane while pushing yourself along a river that flows on the opposite direction. Every life challenge is there to show you that you don't want to hit the rocks. It's really that simple when you look at things as they show themselves to you. You flow with the stream and you avoid the rocks along the way. That's positive thinking, even when you are angry about life, even when you're complaining, and even when you feel antagonistic with the world and the ones around you. That's the truth, simply because it will bring you back results. And that, you won't ever get by sitting on the floor and imagining emotions. You have the right to hate the rocks that come your away, as long as you keep paddling and enjoying the journey. There's no point in closing your eyes and pretending the rocks aren't there or trying to make them vanish with wishful thinking, or expecting a big magical bird to save you and take you in his wings for a pleasant flight in the skies.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You may bend, but that will not bring your life to an end. Your refusal to give up is the key; your rose flowers blossom from the thorns of life!
Melanie Sargsian, Lovember: A Collection of Short Love Stories|People do change, sometimes we just choose not to notice it.
Washington Irving|A lot of times when people become successful, people don't really understand what they had to do or the sacrifices they made to do that, or they assume that they had money. This is coming from, like, a kid who was broke and lived with roaches and a single mom in Dorchester.
Lawrence Block, Manhattan Noir|In keeping with my family's affection for doomed product lines and hexed formats, we purchased a Betamax. The year before, we'd bought a TRS-80 instead of an Apple II, and in due course we'd unbox Mattel's Intellivision, instead of Atari's legendary gizmo. This was good training for a writer, for the sooner you accept the fact that you are a deluded idiot who is always out of step with reality the better off you will be.
|In the non-material scenario, both temple or total quality gets raised, deploying communication as mortar, culture as reinforcement, and commitment as concrete.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Yo, Dekko, who do I gotta blow around here to get a shower?
Italo Calvino, Why Read the Classics?|There is nothing for it but for all of us to invent our own ideal libraries of classics. I would say that such a library ought to be composed half of books we have read and that have really counted for us, and half of books we propose to read and presume will come to count—leaving a section of empty shelves for surprises and occasional discoveries
Kiera Cass, The Heir|I’d rather spend the rest of my life without ever seeing you again,” he says, “than watch them destroy you because of me.
Terraine Francois|Know how you want to be treated, and expect that when you deal with people. Also remember to give people the respect that you want.
Julia Roberts|It's easy to be famous today. People pay a million dollars to be recognized, but nobody cares about them. They cared about me because I did things other men were afraid to do. That's why my fans identified with me. They were mostly working-class.
Astrid Yrigollen, His Black Wings|The average author hawks their books at many events. They are vigilant promoters, waiting for a breakthrough. They do this, or else watch their novel wither away.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|If you put yourself in the emotion that you want from others, you are more likely to receive it.
William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra|With every try, I Know I am closer!
Akshay Vasu|A person experiences anxiety when they realize their insignificance in the cosmic field, which present state of angst can exacerbated by other confusing life questions.
Melody Carstairs|If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.
Dilshad Dayani|I have tried to bring a diverse message for a diverse audience but no matter how different we are as men and women and as ambassadors of our own culture--one thing is transparent and transcendental and that is our drive to yearn for meaningful and fulfilling success. This innate aspiration has the power to pull us from chaos towards repetitive alignment of what we call Purpose, Intuitive calling and astounding peacefulness. Allow to hear the code of mindfulness at play! TRUST TO CONFRONT AND CONQUER!
Fred Vargas|We did sometimes play jokes on each other. It was fun, until about a month ago when he attacked me with nerf guns when I walked in the door. I slipped while running away and fell on the coffee table. Let’s just say I wouldn’t be winning the most graceful woman’s award any time soon.
Thomas Hughes|Blessed are they who have the gift of making friends,for it is one of God's best gifts.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of void but out of chaos.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|Meow!" said the chicken.
Janet Evanovich, To the Nines|Do you see that man in the black Porsche?" I asked the women.They squinted out at Ranger. "Yes," they said."Your partner.""He's homeless. He's looking for a place to stay and he might be interested in renting Singh's room."Mrs.Apusenja's eyes widened. "We could use the income."She looked at Nonnie and then back at Ranger. "Is he married?""Nope. He's single. He's a real catch."Connie did something between a gasp and a snort and buried her head back behind the computer. "Thank you for everything." Mrs.Apusenja said. "I suppose you are not such a bad slut. I will go talk to your partner.:"Omigod," Connie said, when the door closed behind the Apusenja's. "Ranger's going to kill you." The Apusenjas stood beside the Porsche, talkig to Ranger for a few long minutes, giving him the big sales pitch. The pitch wound down, Ranger responded, and Mrs. Apusenja looked disappointed. The two women crossed the road and got into the burgundy Escort and quickly drove away. Ranger turned his head in my direction and our eyes met. His expression was still bemused, but this time it was the sort of bemused expression a kid has when he's pulling the wings off a fly."Uh-Oh,"Connie said. I whipped around and faced Connie. "Quick, give me an FTA. You're backed up, right? For God's sake, give me something fast. I need a reason to stand here until he calms down!" Connie shoved a pile of folders at me. "Pick one. Any one! Oh shit, he's getting out of his car."....He leaned into me and his lips brushed the shell of my ear. "Feeling playful?""I don't know what you're talking about.""Watch your back babe. I will get even."-Ranger and Stephanie
Tony Dovale|Your UNconscious mind has more power, influence and control over your thoughts, feelings, decisions, and choices, than your conscious mind.
Mizan Chaudhury|God has provided food for every bird, but He doesn't throw it in their nests
William Ritter, Jackaby|Gentlemen, let us suppose that man is not stupid. (Indeed one cannot refuse to suppose that, if only from the one consideration, that, if man is stupid, then who is wise?) But if he is not stupid, he is monstrously ungrateful! Phenomenally ungrateful. In fact, I believe that the best definition of man is the ungrateful biped.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|OH, THERE HAS TO BE SOMETHING IN THE STOCKING THAT MAKES A NOISE, said Death. OTHERWISE, WHAT IS 4:30 A.M. FOR?
Chip Heath|Is not a day divided into twenty-four hours, each hour into sixty minutes, and every minute sub-divided into sixty seconds? Now in 86,400 seconds many things can be done.
Hyeonseo Lee, The Girl with Seven Names: A North Korean Defector’s Story|Captain West advanced to meet me, and before our outstretched hands touched, before his face broke from repose to greeting and the lips moved to speech, I got the first astonishing impact of his personality. Long, lean, in his face a touch of race I as yet could only sense, he was as cool as the day was cold, as poised as a king or emperor, as remote as the farthest fixed star, as neutral as a proposition of Euclid. And then, just ere our hands met, a twinkle of--oh--such distant and controlled geniality quickened the many tiny wrinkles in the corner of the eyes; the clear blue of the eyes was suffused by an almost colourful warmth; the face, too, seemed similarly to suffuse; the thin lips, harsh-set the instant before, were as gracious as Bernhardt's when she moulds sound into speech. 
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|(So), he who displays himself does not shine; he who asserts his own views is not distinguished; he who vaunts himself does not find his merit acknowledged; he who is self-conceited has no superiority allowed to him.
Sunday Adelaja|God will always turn trials, national and personal into the manifestation of His glory
Amy Manemann, Deadly Reunion|I help others because I can, not because I expect something in return.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Hot Topics|Acharya Balkrishna on Yog"Who will not be delighted to behold the exotic scenery and flora of the barren lands of Himalayas. Similar is the power of Yog which beautifies the deserted life and fructifies hope in the shattered hearts. By taking refuge in Yog, the fallow mind will blossom into flowers indeed.
Mary Calmes, Change of Heart|Alongside the practical thought something else struggled and, like an escaped butterfly, took wing: the assurance of something wonderful awaiting her. Just around the corner......
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Max lifted his head, with great sorrow and great astonishment.'There were stars,' He said. 'They burned my eyes.’...from a Himmel street window, he wrote, the stars set fire to my eyes.
Augusten Burroughs|All the characters in my books are imagined, but all have a bit of who I am in them - much like the characters in your dreams are all formed by who you are.
Colm Toibin|The industrial age was not about craftspeople trading peer to peer. It was about stopping that. You weren't supposed to be a craftsperson, you were supposed to be an employee.
Orhan Pamuk|You can run, run, run away from a lot of things in life, but you can't run away from yourself. And the key to happiness is to understand and accept who you are.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|This building fool could only be Bess of Hardwicke, a woman whose name is seldom seen in print without the word “redoubtable” in front of it. I wondered if anyone ever called her redoubtable to her face. I redoubted it.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Remember, to get what you've never had, you must do what you've never done. But to get what you once had, you must do what you once did.
Clifford Riley, Crushed|I never realized how empty my life had really become until I had him in it. He did that to me. He said I wrecked him, but he completely destroyed me. Everything was fine when I was alone. When I didn’t have to feel or think or care about someone else. Sure I was sad and broken, but I was okay. Now, I’m anything but.
Tony Curl|I'm grateful for today. I'm stronger, braver, wiser.
Janine Turner|Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err.
László Krasznahorkai|Death, he felt, was only a kind of warning rather than a desperate and permanent end.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|Appreciation is a great virtue, and if husbands and wives expressed it more frequently in our homes, wives would be happier, and husbands would probably be more kind" (Gospel Ideals, p. 475).
Charles R. Swindoll|The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|God exists outside of time, and since we are within time, there is no way we will ever totally grasp that concept.
Michael  Callahan, Searching for Grace Kelly|Love had to be deeper than that, than a glance over tea, which was indicative but not dispositive.
C. JoyBell C.|There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|Creation's probably overrated. After all, God made the world in only six days and rested on the seventh.
Jean Piaget|All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin. And therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words 'Ich bin ein Berliner!'
RVM|You may not be able to change people’s Actions, but you can choose your own Reactions. Always react Positively and be Happy!
Jennifer Crusie, Strange Bedpersons|Life is more than great sex and a nice car.” “Well, yeah. But not a lot more.
Leah Hager Cohen, I Don't Know: In Praise of Admitting Ignorance|It comes down to this: If you want to be seen, heard and understood in the most genuine way possible, be open to the possiblity of vulnerability. Allow yourself to be open. I know it’s a scary place, a place very few people dare to venture, but just try it. Try moving the masks away and really looking at a person the next time they engaged in conversation with you.
Bob     Brown|We have got some very big problems confronting us and let us not make any mistake about it, human history in the future is fraught with tragedy ... It's only through people making a stand against that tragedy and being doggedly optimistic that we are going to win through. If you look at the plight of the human race it could well tip you into despair, so you have to be very strong.
Hunter S. Thompson|If you are the person who gets the lion's share of attention in good times, guess what: you get the lion's share of attention in bad times.
Elie Wiesel|Fiscal conservatism is just an easy way to express something that is a bit more difficult, which is that the size and scope of government, and really the size and scope of politics in our lives, has grown uncomfortable, unwieldy, intrusive and inefficient.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|I watched water dripping off the ferns and the needles of the Western Red Cedar next door. I watched it running in runnels down the bark of the Cherry tree, and I looked at the small droplets of misty water that were accumulating on the broad leaves of the Bigleaf Maple.I touched one of the accumulated droplets, and instantly it was gone.
David Cameron Gikandi, A Happy Pocket Full of Money: Infinite Wealth and Abundance in the Here and Now|The meaning of everything is the meaning you give it, and your experiences are what you say they are.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Some secret of nurture withered a generation or two before I arrived, if it had ever existed before among the poor, marginalized people on the edges of Europe from whom I descend. Both my parents grew up with a deep sense of poverty that was mostly emotional but that they imagined as material long after they clambered into the middle class, and so they were more like a pair of rivalrous older siblings than parents who see their children as extensions of themselves and their hopes. They were stuck in separateness.I didn't realize anything was odd until I was already on my own and found out that not everyone's parents cut them off financially as soon as the law allowed. I tried to leave home unsuccessfully at fourteen and fifteen and sixteen and did so successfully at seventeen, heading off to another country, as far away as I could go, and once I got there I realized I was more on my own than I had anticipated: I was henceforth entirely repsonsible for myself and thus began a few years of poverty.
Jillian Dodd, Stalk Me|I swear to God, I think my panties just melted off my body. How can Crush just talking sex make me hot?
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|Experts in ancient Greek culture say that people back then didn't see their thoughts as belonging to them. When ancient Greeks had a thought, it occurred to them as a god or goddess giving an order. Apollo was telling them to be brave. Athena was telling them to fall in love. Now people hear a commercial for sour cream potato chips and rush out to buy, but now they call this free will.At least the ancient Greeks were being honest.
Lawrence H. Keeley, War Before Civilization: The Myth of the Peaceful Savage|Our common humanity, viewed realistically, can be as much a source of despair as hope.
Roy T. Bennett|Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A man does not have to feel less than human to realize his sin; oppositely, he has to realize that he gets no special vindication for his sin.
Swami Dhyan Giten|When something happens to you that is beyond words, life is happening to you. When the Ultimate is happening to you, you are beyond words.
Tony DiTerlizzi, The Search for WondLa|In the room...they are inside the books. They move sometimes within the pages, like sleepers turning over between two dreams.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|Fear always reaches a breaking point and turns into anxiety or rage, and I don't have enough storage space for more fear in my life. Namely when it involves people I've never even met.
Dalai Lama XIV|From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance
Lawrence Wright, Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief|She was crazy but he needed her. Oh I am in so much trouble he thought, and stared blindly up at the ceiling as the droplets of sweat began to gather on his forehead again.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|It’s a great lesson about not being too precious about your writing. You have to try your hardest to be at the top of your game and improve every joke you can until the last possible second, and then you have to let it go. You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking it…You have to let people see what you wrote.
Darnell Lamont Walker|With tact, exit from the world I’ve created, and we never have to speak of those good times again.
James Russell Lowell|Forget the consultants, the pundits and the pollsters; good policy is good politics.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The teachings of the Buddha could be summarized in four short sentences. ... [The Buddha] said ...The bad things, don't do them.The good things, try to do them.Try to purify, subdue your own mind.That is the teaching of all buddhas.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Gavriel’s son was bellowing Whitethorn’s name. A gods-damned victory cry. Over and over, the men taking up the call. Then Fenrys’s voice lifted. And Gavriel’s. And that red-haired queen. The Havilliard king.On into battle, on into bloodshed, they called the prince’s name.
Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society|We can strive to put the past behind us, serve God to the best of our ability now, and look ahead to the glorious future!
Thomas Sowell|Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Shannon L. Alder|A brilliant mind was first a listener that observed the actions of the people that loved and hated them, then found a way to express their feelings, when real communication was lost.
Roman Payne|I was glad to be made awarethat “Veimke” (jeune fille au pair),is subject to natural law,and can be made fat,by such things as poor diet,and alcohol.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Let us find the dam snack bar," Zoe said. "We should eat while we can."Grover cracked a smile. "The dam snack bar?"Zoe blinked. "Yes. What is funny?""Nothing," Grover said, trying to keep a straight face. "I could use some dam frenchfries."Even Thalia smiled at that. "And I need to use the dam restroom."Maybe it was the fact that we were so tired and strung out emotionally, but I startedcracking up, and Thalia and Grover joined in, while Zoe just looked at us. "I do notunderstand.""I want to use the dam water fountain," Grover said."And…" Thalia tried to catch her breath. "I want to buy a dam T-shirt."I busted up, and I probably would've kept laughing all day, but then I heard a noise:"Moooo."The smile melted off my face. I wondered if the noise was just in my head, but Groverhad stopped laughing too. He was looking around, confused. "Did I just hear a cow?""A dam cow?" Thalia laughed.
J.C. Carleson, The Tyrant's Daughter|Re-examine all that you have been told, dismiss that which insults your soul.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|We must learn to see it in many ways, so that when one of the ways of looking hurts us, we can take refuge in another way of looking. You must always love the city.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If you follow your passion, it will lead you to fulfillment.
Coco Chanel|I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot!
Caroline B. Cooney, Evil Returns|Perfect, complete, needing nothing, simply all there was, was the dark.
Bryce Courtenay, The Power of One|The little things, I can obey. The big things—how we think, what we value—those you must choose yourself. You can't let anyone—or any society—determine those for you.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|When weeds go to heaven, I suppose they will be flowers.
Kerstin Gier, Saphirblau|language is almost the most unique creation of humankind which defines itself; the alternative way of communication/comprehension/conception, yet overusing any invention, can cause Alienation.
Stephan Pastis, Pearls Sells Out: A Pearls Before Swine Treasury|When you're in college you haven't had that much life. Parents, school, assorted youth activities—that's about it.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|In essence, joy is the quiet confidence that everything will work out right. The best part of being filled with joy is that it's contagious. Your joy overflows. You can't keep it to yourself. It spills over to touch other lives in such a marvelous way. People around you want to be in your company. You lift their spirits!
