Libba Bray, The Diviners|It would be so nice to be wanted by someone with the courage to get his hat or stay as he damn pleased, and who gave her credit for the same. Someone who didn't worry about her.
Pablo Picasso|Whatever the source of emotion that drives me to create, I want to give it a form which has some connection with the visible world, even if it is only to wage war on that world....I want my paintings to be able to defend themselves to resist the invader, just as though there were razor blades on all surfaces so no one could touch them without cutting his hands.
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|Like the pioneering Muslim scientists, Al Bukhari insisted on an empirical, organized method in the science of fiqh and hadith
Karen Traviss, Aspho Fields|I shall remain vigilant and unyielding in my pursuit of the enemies of the Coalition.I will defend and maintain the Order of Life as it was proclaim by the Allfathers of the Coalition in the Octus Canon.I will forsake the life I had before so I may perform my duty as long as I am needed.Steadfast, I shall hold my place in the machine and acknowledge my place in the Coalition.I am a Gear. 
Daniel C. Dennett|Some years ago, there was a lovely philosopher of science and journalist in Italy named Giulio Giorello, and he did an interview with me. And I don’t know if he wrote it or not, but the headline in Corriere della Sera when it was published was "Sì, abbiamo un'anima. Ma è fatta di tanti piccoli robot – "Yes, we have a soul, but it’s made of lots of tiny robots." And I thought, exactly. That’s the view. Yes, we have a soul, but in what sense? In the sense that our brains, unlike the brains even of dogs and cats and chimpanzees and dolphins, our brains have functional structures that give our brains powers that no other brains have - powers of look-ahead, primarily. We can understand our position in the world, we can see the future, we can understand where we came from. We know that we’re here. No buffalo knows it’s a buffalo, but we jolly well know that we’re members of Homo sapiens, and it’s the knowledge that we have and the can-do, our capacity to think ahead and to reflect and to evaluate and to evaluate our evaluations, and evaluate the grounds for our evaluations.It’s this expandable capacity to represent reasons that we have that gives us a soul. But what’s it made of? It’s made of neurons. It’s made of lots of tiny robots. And we can actually explain the structure and operation of that kind of soul, whereas an eternal, immortal, immaterial soul is just a metaphysical rug under which you sweep your embarrassment for not having any explanation.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|I need no master to punish me in order to behave as I ought. If I did, I would be no more than a child who obeys his father's rules only because he fears the whip, and not because he actually means good.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|She wasn't much over five feet and a hundred pounds, and she looked a little scrawny around the neck and ankles. But that was all right. It was perfectly all right. The good Lord had known just where to put that flesh where it would really do some good.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|I did not do it for you, sire." Gawain was deadly serious now. "Death comes to us and all mortals. I shall still lose you one day. But Logres! The only perfection under heaven would fall if I could not save you.
Jennifer Vanderbes, Strangers at the Feast|The early settlers amazed her--they had pluck, they led lives of sweaty drama. Theirs was a world of corsets and whipping posts and indentured servitude. People worked the land and died in ungainly ways. Modern life, in comparison, seemed a cinch.
Luffina Lourduraj|Be blind to people who mock at you,Be deaf to people who gossip behind you.
Mr Eko|I couldn't say, "I lost the best thing that ever happened to me." Wasn't that punishment enough?
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|In all these sights I achieve solace only in bringing forth trees, picturing them blooming like smoke from the roofs of gutted buildings, dreaming of what a fine and picturesque pile of rubble this city will someday make.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|By no means do I think that playing games online is wrong or rude. However, constantly sending requests is an act of bad manners as well as being very annoying to the one receiving them.
Un knowing|But I believe in true love, you know? Idon’t believe that everybody gets to keep their eyes or not get sick or whatever, but everybody should have true love, and it should last at least as long as your life does.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When everyone believes they are the life coaches, who are the players?
Ellen J. Barrier|When children are given spiritual guidance, they grow-up learning to know how to pray and praise God. Even though they might not be a religious person in their later years, those values they were taught are the things they remember in their times of need.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Those people who shoot endless time-lapse films of unfurling roses and tulips have the wrong idea. They should train their cameras instead on the melting of pack ice, the green filling of ponds, the tidal swings…They should film the glaciers of Greenland, some of which creak along at such a fast clip that even the dogs bark at them. They should film the invasion of the southernmost Canadian tundra by the northernmost spruce-fir forest, which is happening right now at the rate of a mile every 10 years. When the last ice sheet receded from the North American continent, the earth rebounded 10 feet. Wouldn’t that have been a sight to see?
Chelsey Philpot, Even in Paradise|I’m sorry,’ I whispered. I didn’t know whether I was sympathizing with her broken heart or apologizing for a family who had had theirs broken, too.
Jerry Coyne|This is a woman who didn’t want her viewpoints challenged, nor to see the views of the half of the world that comprises men. Her assumption is that all male authors are sexist and that their books distort the views of women....that’s bigoted and despicable: the form of feminism that sees men as the enemy from the outset, and seeks to reinforce that prejudice by reading only books that keep her in her safe space.....The future, in both life and books, is men and women together, with a mutual understanding that can come only from learning about each other’s thoughts. [About Caitlin Moran's sexist statement that girls shouldn't read any books written by men.]
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|But there were worse things than disappointment, and I'd lived through several of them already.
Joel Osteen|I grew up in Cuba under a strong, military, oppressive dictatorship. So as a teenager, I found myself involved in a revolution. I remember during that time, a young, charismatic leader rose up, talking about hope and change. His name was Fidel Castro.
Scot McKnight, One.Life: Jesus Calls, We Follow|We need to shed our unearthly and nonsocial and idealistic and romantic and uber-spiritual visions of kingdom and get back to what Jesus meant. By kingdom, Jesus means: God's Dream Society on earth, spreading out from the land of Israel to encompass the whole world.
Megan Hart, Broken|She felt as if the mosaic she had been assembling out of life's little shards got dumped to the ground, and there was no way to put it back together.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With patient, you shall possess your soul.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He began to read at haphazard. He entered upon each system with a little thrill of excitement, expecting to find in each some guide by which he could rule his conduct; he felt himself like a traveller in unknown countries and as he pushed forward the enterprise fascinated him; he read emotionally, as other men read pure literature, and his heart leaped as he discovered in noble words what himself had obscurely felt.
Liz Kessler, Read Me Like a Book|Find out what faith is and how you can put it into practice.Learn how to pray, and do it.Discover what pride is, and get rid of it.Develop a self-concept that is adequate and accurate.Clarify your values.Identify your talents.Probe the fact, meaning, and use of your sexuality. Face the fact that you engage in self-deception. Reflect on truth that you are made in the image of God. Use your spiritual gift. Clear your conscience. Feel deeply.Enjoy life. Face death.Treat your body right.Conquer the flesh. Depend on the Holy Spirit. Be humble.
Caleb Cushing|Once the attacks occur, as we learned on Sept. 11, it is too late. It makes little sense to deprive ourselves of an important, and legal, means to detect and prevent terrorist attacks while we are still in the middle of a fight to the death with al Qaeda.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence--From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|The word, 'issues,' is perhaps a misnomer, a gross understatement, or a pale and withered description for very real psychological illnesses and emotional losses. Nevertheless, "post-adoption issues" is a catch-all phrase, and at least it avoid pathologizing adoptees.
Wendy Cope|I am sorry to have to introduce the subject of Christmas into these articles. It is an indecent subject; a cruel, gluttonous subject; a drunken, disorderly subject; a wasteful, disastrous, subject; a wicked, cadging, lying, filthy, blashphemous, and demoralizing subject. Christmas is forced on a reluctant and disgusted nation by the shopkeepers and the press: on its own merits it would wither and shrivel in the fiery breath of universal hatred; and any one who looked back to it would be turned into a pillar of greasy sausages.
Carla Reighard, Travelers|The smile she felt cross her face probably could be seen from outer space, it was so large.
Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading|I don't remember ever feeling lonely; in fact, on the rare occasions when I met other children I found their games and their talk far less interesting than the adventures and dialogues I read in my books.
George Harrison|I love coffee. It's one of my favorite things in the world, and I love tasting different coffees.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Age of Reason|The unfailing rhythm of the seasons, the ever-turning wheel of life, the four facets of the earth which are lit in turn by the sun, the passing of life--all these filled me once more with a feeling of oppression. Once more there sounded within me, together with the cranes' cry, the terrible warning that there is only one life for all men, that there is no other, and that all that can be enjoyed must be enjoyed here. In eternity no other chance will be given to us.A mind hearing this pitiless warning--a warning which, at the same time, is so compassionate--would decide to conquer its weakness and meanness, its laziness and vain hopes and cling with all its power to every second which flies away forever.Great examples come to your mind and you see clearly that you are a lost soul, your life is being frittered away on petty pleasures and pains and trifling talk. "Shame! Shame!" you cry, and bite your lips.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|It has hindered where it might have helped; it has been evasive when it was morally bound to be forthright; it has separated believers on the basis of color, although it has declared its mission to be a universal brotherhood under Jesus Christ. Christian love is the white man's love for himself and for his race.
Walt Whitman|I swear the earth shall surely be complete to him or her who shall be complete,The earth remains jagged and broken only to him or her who remains jagged and broken.
Green Day|Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)"Another turning point, a fork stuck in the roadTime grabs you by the wrist, directs you where to goSo make the best of this test, and don't ask whyIt's not a question, but a lesson learned in timeIt's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.So take the photographs, and still frames in your mindHang it on a shelf in good health and good timeTattoos and memories and dead skin on trialFor what it's worth, it was worth all the whileIt's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.It's something unpredictable, but in the end is right,I hope you had the time of your life.
Napoleon Hill, Success Through A Positive Mental Attitude|Fear masquerades as a "just cause" while devouring all forms of freedom and dignity.
R.A. Salvatore, Starless Night|A person must have principles, Epiphany. That's the one thing no one can take from you. The only way you can lose your principles is to give them up. Remember that.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|You shouldn't have asked," I said. "Love doesn't ask many questions, because if we stop to think we become fearful. It's an inexplicable fear; it's difficult even to describe it. Maybe it's the fear of being scorned, of not being accepted, or of breaking the spell. It's ridiculous, but that's the way it is. That's why you don't ask-you act. As you've said many times, you have to take risks.
David Brin|If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization.
Stephanie Sigman|When you hear romantic music, it makes you want to take your girl out to dinner or buy her something or take her out in the moonlight or take her on a walk.
Walt Whitman|Blessed are you who circled desire with a blade, and the garden with fiery swords, and heaven and earth with a word.
Molly Evangeline, Courage|I don't feel as strong today as I do on other days, but I know Your strength will prevail in my weakness. The enemy is always trying to fill me with fear and doubt and make me abandon this mission. Help me ignore the lies and have courage to go on each day
Sophia Loren, Women & Beauty|Anything can be art: painting stairs, raising a child, or organising a trip to the end of the world. It's the way you live that makes you either an artist, or an art connoisseur, or an unsatisfied critic.
Jaclyn Moriarty, A Corner of White|That man would have chipped away at your heart bit by bit until there was nothing left. It may have been bruised, but at least it's whole.
Retta|'El Gordo' is the name given to the oldest lottery jackpot in the world - and the richest. Held every year in Madrid on December 22, the Christmas Lottery culminates with the picking of the El Gordo number, the Fat One, which, for many, has become the true Christmas miracle in Spain.
Philip Larkin|Those who will never be fooled can never be delighted, because without self-forgetfulness there can be no delight, and this is a great and grievous loss.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|And John Kearns whispered into my ear: "Do you see it now? *You* are the nest. *You* are the hatchling. *You* are the chrysalis. *You* are the progeny. *You* are the rot that falls from the stars. All of us--you and I and poor, dear Pellinore. Behold the face of the magnificum, child. And despair."Though I was sickened by the sight, I looked. In the bower of the beast at the top of the world, I beheld the face of the magnificum, and I did not turn away.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|And there you have it...if I knew that I could only have a few nights in that man's arms or nothing, I would take those magic nights and use them to keep me warm for the rest of my life.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Grace knocks us flat, preventing any form of self-congratulation. All the good we achieve is to be attributed to God rather than to ourselves. What makes our lives good is not anything we are ourselves but the presence within us of what we are not, a divine presence never ours by right because never ours by nature. All the glory for the good we exhibit in our lives should therefore be reserved for God.
David L. Calof|Laws must be efficaciously deterrent in nature, and in grave offences where offenders trespass the precincts of being a human, and commit crimes against even babies/infants/children; solely for beastly gratification, deserve no mercy.
William Penn|If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|He had been educated in no habits of application and concentration. The system which had addressed him in exactly the same manner as it had addressed hundreds of other boys, all varying in character and capacity, had enabled him to dash through his tasks, always with fair credit and often with distinction, but in a fitful, dazzling way that had confirmed his reliance on those very qualities in himself which it had been most desirable to direct and train. They were good qualities, without which no high place can be meritoriously won, but like fire and water, though excellent servants, they were very bad masters. If they had been under Richard’s direction, they would have been his friends; but Richard being under their direction, they became his enemies.
Blanche Lincoln|I loved clinical practice, but in public health, you can impact more than one person at a time. The whole society is your patient.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There must be no discrepancy between what we say and what we do, between our walk and our talk.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper|I’ve never cheated on a lover. I’m faithful, always. But the war comes before anyone’s feelings. Every time.”Wow. Battle before love. Without a doubt, he was the most unromantic male she’d ever met. Even more so than her great-grandfather, who had laughingly burned her great-grandmother to death after she’d given birth to Gwen’s grandmother.
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|Men do things. We can't help it. That's all there is to it. As you will discover in time, the primary choice every man has to make is whether he wants to be himself or if he wants peace.
Joyce Meyer|As you keep your mind and heart focused in the right direction, approaching each day with faith and gratitude, I believe you will be empowered to live life to the fullest and enjoy the abundant life He has promised you!
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|This also means that philosophy itself must not take itself as established in the truths it has managed to utter, that philosophy is an ever-renewed experiment of its own beginning, and finally, that radical reflection is conscious of its own dependence on an unreflected life that is its initial, constant, and final situation.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Come on, Princess," he called to the bench, and Carlotta bounced up. She was wide like the rest of them, but no man could fairly say she was too wide. The most that could be said was that she did not have much further to go before she would have to start squeezing it in and strapping it up, which she clearly did not do now. She let it hang where it was, and it did very nicely by itself. As she passed among the boys they looked her over with unconcealed envy, as though they knew she had something they didn't have but were not quite sure what it was. One thing was certain, she got more exercise than they did.The next to be noticed were her braids, they hung forward over her terrain, ignoring as much as possible her contours, like two shiny black meridianal lines demarking her longitudes as far down as the equator. It was not hard to imagine oneself spending a long lifetime on that bare little island alone, with no plan or ambition, too overcome with the heat to continue on south to the pole, far less return to the continents. Nothing productive could ever be accomplished there, but there would be comfort such as few men have known, there would be torpor. The body swelled with such thoughts, the mind shrank from them, and the longing eyes traveled finally up north, to where those meridians came together at a point above a bland white area vaguely charted, with few landmarks, no doubt sparsely inhabited. There the imagination halted.
Oliver Evans|The first work of the director is to set a mood so that the actor's work can take place, so that the actor can create. And in order to do that, you have to communicate, communicate with the actors. And direction is about communication on all levels.
Emma Cline, The Girls|I'd seen old Yardley Slickers- the makeup now just a waxy crumble- sell for almost one hundred dollars on the internet. So grown women could smell it again, that chemical, flowery fug. That's how badly people wanted it- to know that their lives had happened, that the person they once had been, still existed inside of them. There were so many things that returned me. The tang of soy, the smoke in someone's hair, the grassy hills turning blond in June. An arrangement of oaks and boulders could, seen out of the corner of my eye, crack open something in my chest, palms going suddenly slick with adrenaline.
William Shakespeare, Cymbeline|She is never alone when she has Her Books. Books, to her, are Friends. Give her Shakespeare or Jane Austen, Meredith or Hardy, and she is Lost - lost in a world of her own. She sleeps so little that most of her nights are spent reading.
Elisabeth Elliot, The Mark of a Man|A man must at times be hard as nails: willing to face up to the truth about himself, and about the woman he loves, refusing compromise when compromise is wrong. But he must also be tender. No weapon will breach the armor of a woman's resentment like tenderness.
Cory Booker|So many people live with anger and unforgiveness, and many of them are Christians.
Trish Deseine, Home: Recipes from Ireland|Annie believed taste and aromas had the power to transport people from the present to other places. Sometimes this was a journey to a different mood, but it was also a form of time travel.
D.N. Joshi|One moment before, I knew nothing of it. And then, all of a sudden, I knew this was it. The most amazing thing. I could feel the whispers, I could feel all the dimensions possible. I could define it. I could call it Love
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Everywhere man is confronted with fate, with the chance of achieving something through his own suffering.
Hai Zi|If I like a moment, I don't like to have the distraction of camera - I just want to stay in it.
Zybejta Beta Metani'Marashi|Living a life is not a choice but a duty, is our daily chore that we can't escape from it, unless you decide to enden it.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Humor: the divine flash that reveals the world in its moral ambiguity and man in his profound incompetence to judge others; humor: the intoxicating relativity of human things; the strange pleasure that conies of the certainty that there is no certainty.But humor, to recall Octavio Paz, is "the great invention of the modern spirit." It has not been with us forever, and it won't be with us forever either.With a heavy heart, I imagine the day when Panurge no longer makes people laugh.
Chris Gethard, A Bad Idea I'm About to Do: True Tales of Seriously Poor Judgment and Stunningly Awkward Adventure|Anger should be your servant, not your master
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know it. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unerring ease. It begins in your mind, always. One moment you are feeling calm, self-possessed, happy. Then fear, disguised in the garb of mild-mannered doubt, slips into your mind like a spy. Doubt meets disbelief and disbelief tries to push it out. But disbelief is a poorly armed foot soldier. Doubt does away with it with little trouble. You become anxious. Reason comes to do battle for you. You are reassured. Reason is fully equipped with the latest weapons technology. But, to your amazement, despite superior tactics and a number of undeniable victories, reason is laid low. You feel yourself weakening, wavering. Your anxiety becomes dread.
Kelley Armstrong, Frostbitten|I don't forgive him," I said."Hell, no, you don't. And why should you? So he can feel better? Get on with his life? And what's he done to help you get on with yours?
Lucian Bane, Desecrating Solomon|Your grandfather was a hero in a war, girls. He wasn't a bad man or a weak man. Maybe he was too old to have a second family, a second wife and your mother and me, so many years after he lost his first. Maybe he was too old to fight anymore, and that's why he let me be taken away. I've thought about this for years and years. All I know is there are no heroes in this world. Not really. Just men and women who become old and tired and lose the strength to fight for what they love any longer.
Rick Chiantaretto, Death of the Body|I remembered what it was like to die-the pain, the fear, the doubt, and the unknown. Somehow I had cheated death once. Now I was about to try again.
ANIKOR Daniel|Without passion and satisfaction, there is nothing to make happiness last.
Anne Porter, Living Things: Collected Poems|A Short TestamentWhatever harm I may have doneIn all my life in all your wide creationIf I cannot repair itI beg you to repair it,And then there are all the wounded The poor the deaf the lonely and the oldWhom I have roughly dismissedAs if I were not one of them.Where I have wronged them by itAnd cannot make amendsI ask youTo comfort them to overflowing,And where there are lives I may have withered around me,Or lives of strangers far or nearThat I've destroyed in blind complicity,And if I cannot find themOr have no way to serve them,Remember them. I beg you to remember themWhen winter is overAnd all your unimaginable promisesBurst into song on death's bare branches.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|The heart with letters on it shining like a light bulb through the trim hole painted in the chest, art history.
J. Cole|No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.
Rob Liano|No one can discover you until you do. Exploit your talents, skills and strengths and make the world sit up and take notice.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|That was vampires for you: always going for the jugular, both literally and metaphorically. They were messing up his love life as well as being inconsiderate party guests who had got blood in Magnus’s stereo system at his last party and turned Clary’s idiot friend Stanley into a rat, which was just bad manners.
David Hockney|Everyone, red state, blue state, everyone supports space exploration.
Eve M. Harrell, Confessions of a Helicopter Mom|We have a Creator, a Father who is hands-on and loves us unconditionally!
Rahm Emanuel|I define leadership as: Emotionally, you own your business. You own it with passion. And you either have or you don't have an economic investment. But when you have all three of those, you are the boss from Day One, and you care every single day more than anyone.
Jerome Bruner|Education is a continual process, it's like a bicycle... If you don't pedal you don't go forward.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|Your call has atime frame,a price to pay,urgency of attention.Your call has a purpose, a pursuit, vision, commission,honors and even excellency. So what are u called to
Barbara Blatner|I could simply kill you now, get it over with, who would know the difference? I could easily kick you in, stove you under, for all those times, mean on gin, you rammed words into my belly. (p. 52)
Matthew Donnelly|I've learned that in order to effectively and genuinely "Change" for the better.#1. Must want to change. (Grow)#2. Know who we are now relative to who we want to be.#3. Paradoxically we must except who we are in the present moment. (You are worthy right now, you are just searching for a higher a 'self')#4. Know that "True" change comes from within the mind. To the much deeper 'self' feelings and emotions.#5. Make no drastic changes, but focus simply on making small ones within the present moment.Sincerely,My present self.
Cory Doctorow|When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
Sunday Adelaja|God himself is referring to Jesus as light, illumination, knowledge, insight, understanding, wisdom
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Book Power: A Platform for Writing, Branding, Positioning & Publishing|An increasing number of people are taking advantage of having a leg up on their competition by branding themselves as "the expert" in their particular niche. Call it a business card, a resume, a billboard, or whatever you choose, but the long and short of it is that books are no longer just books. They are branding devices and credibility builders, not to mention door openers. Books are the reason that authors command large speaking and consulting fees.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|As for me, I did the stupidest thing in my life, which is saying a lot. I attacked the Titan Lord Atlas.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What would behoove me to instantly declare God not to be God unless He followed my script in some tediously exacting manner? I must confess that I am less likely to believe that it’s a matter of some narcissistic demand that I freely pen my own script. Rather, I think it’s fear that I’m too inadequate to follow God’s.
Sarita Choudhury|Cleveland's a great city. I love the city. The people here are awesome. They're loyal and hard-working, and they're loyal to our sports scene, and things are changing here.
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|It wouldn't have mattered if they were scratches or not," he says, his voice like liquid. "I was bitten during the escape from the house." My limbs go weak, everything inside me folding in collapsing on itself."I was already dead," he says, opening his eyes.
Michela Wrong|There is a graceless human tendency to wish upon others the ills visited upon oneself. Instead of pointing successors towards short cuts, you relish seeing them clambering through identical hoops.
Umberto Eco, On Literature|It’s remarkable that a device, which fits in your pocket, can hold thousands of books. But a room full of books is an entirely different kind of remarkable.
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|Open relating is transparent, godly, with a commitment of the heart, without expectancy and yet devotional; it is similar to what you have with God or Supreme Consciousness.
Max Lucado|Without my dad, I wouldn't be here.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|One can't have literary comprehension without real experience, mere grammatical knowledge of the words is useless without recognition of their values, and when you young people want to understand a country and its language you should start by seeing it at its most beautiful, in the strength of its youth, at its most passionate. You should begin by hearing the language in the mouths of the poets who create and perfect it, you must have felt poetry warm and alive in your hearts before we smart anatomizing it.
Christina Lauren|I can't read him. I can't grasp him. I have no idea what he's thinking and if he's messing with me or if he really is this good, but never before have I wanted so fiercely to learn forward and put my mouth on someone's neck, begging them to want me.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The power structure understands that Black folks have been hungry for so long, fixing us a plate now that's the same size as theirs would do nothing for our hunger. After all, they're pretty full and fat.They know we now require a much bigger plate than theirs to quiet the stomach rumblings.They see us and know what it looks like to be less powerful. They are fighting to never FEEL it.
Tim Liwanag, Fulfilled Eschatology|That which was published in the Law, the prophets, and psalms before "God was manifested in flesh"looks forward to Jesus the Christ; what was published after Christ's ascension looks back to Him as "the Lord God of Israel" who "hath visited and redeemed His people" (Luke 1:68).
Shannon L. Alder|Try not to be a man or woman of success, but rather a man or woman of inspiration. If you’re successful, they will flock to you for money or fame, but if you’re inspirational, they will flock to you because they love your soul and how you change theirs.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|Life at home is at a pace which allows you to appreciate what it has to offer. Simultaneously you get a chance to reflect on what you wish from it. Our development also goes at the same pace, which is not something that everyone appreciates.
James Buchan|Let's face it - think of Africa, and the first images that come to mind are of war, poverty, famine and flies. How many of us really know anything at all about the truly great ancient African civilizations, which in their day, were just as splendid and glorious as any on the face of the earth?
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|I ask you, what good is a big picture window and the lavish appointments and a priceless decor in a home if there is no mother there?
Barry Ritholtz|My books are not really books; they're endless chains of distraction shoved inside a cover. Many of them begin at the search box of Pub Med, an Internet database of medical journal articles.
Leslie Householder, The Jackrabbit Factor: Why You Can|I believe most people are good, even deep down, even if you have to dig a little - although some people can tempt one to pick up a shovel and actually put that to the test.
Frances O'Roark Dowell, Ten Miles Past Normal|He, who beats his wife defies his goddess
I Heard God Laughing: Poems of Hope and Joy|There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved for the sake of something greater.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We need to live our experience as it is and with our eyes open. The universe is the way it is, whether we like it or not.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Agape Love is a Revolution, it has no Strings attached
|A lot of people persuade others to do negative things, but wouldn't listen to anyone who dares them to do positive things. Apparently, this is why you should never listen to anyone who pushes you to do negative things, because it shows they don't have any respect for moral principles.
J.M. Barrie, The Little Minister|The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|God gave Adam and Eve that free will and choice. He gave them one warning: eat of any tree that is here, including the wonderful tree of life, but don’t eat from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil…I wish Adam and Eve had thought more about what knowledge meant. Eve saw it as a good thing, to know more. But how do you really know something? You experience it
A.L. Davroe, Nexis|Thus and thus is the world. Seeing the depth, we shall see also the height, and praise both.
Sahara Sanders|He stares now at the three words he has written.They are ridiculous. Writing is ridiculous. A sentence, any sentence, is absurd. Just the idea of it; jam one word up against another, shoulder-to-shoulder, jaw-to-jaw; hem them in with punctuation so they can't move an inch. And then hand that over to someone else to peer at, and expect something to be communicated, something understood. It's not just pointless. It is ethically suspect.
Kelley Armstrong, Many Bloody Returns|... from the classically executed lifelike bouquets, tempting you to reach for the petals that fell on a three-dimensional tablecloth, to a new and disturbing style in which the colors seemed to blaze with such intensity they destroyed the old lines, the old solidity, to make a vision like those states which I'm nearest my delirium and flowers grow before my eyes and crackle like the flames of lamps.
Michael S. Horton, Christless Christianity: The Alternative Gospel of the American Church|It is a promise which eminently deserves our observation that all who are united to Christ and acknowledge Him to be Christ and Mediator will remain to the end safe from all danger, for what is said of the body of the Church belongs to each of its members since they are one in Christ.
Deepika Padukone|We are all born with a unique genetic blueprint, which lays out the basic characteristics of our personality as well as our physical health and appearance... And yet, we all know that life experiences do change us.
Stephen King|I'm happy, I'm in a good place, I'm looking forward to my future.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Always remember it's never about the other, the whole effort is to find your true self 'through' the other. In fact whenever your focus shifts from YOU to the other, there is bondage which will result in pain and anguish. The other is just a medium through which you can reach your interiority. Never be obsessed for them, for that would lead to a self invited hell.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|to an uncircumcised father, irreverent son.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Start working my friend – start working towards humanizing the world. Because the world needs humans – conscientious humans, not some dumb manikins, driven by prejudice and discrimination.
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|The afternoon my parents died, I was out shoplifting with Irene Klauson.
Cory Bernardi, The Conservative Revolution|James Bond: a paid assassin of plutocratic cartels, a womanizer, a dipsomaniac, a speed demon, a materialist.
Zack Love|You fall in love and it completely consumes you. So a part of you is broken when that's gone. And part of you wants to have that rebellious feeling where you're just like "Forget it- I can do anything i want" I've tried it and I've never been that girl. I'm always going to be the girl you want to take home to your parents, not for the night. 
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Please don't sing and dance," I whisper, but it's too late. He's snapping his fingers and doing this sexy groove to the music. It should look really stupid - and it kind of does - but with his tight abs and his tattoos and piercings, it's really just...precious.
April Mae Monterrosa|-Attempting the impossibility with a possibility God breaks the impossibility barriers.-Joseph went from kidnap experience to pit, to slavery, to prison then to PRIME MINISTER
Princess Diana|Adolescents show off. That's another way of wanting to connect with people. It's not an aspect of human behavior that we generally consider to be very admirable, but it is, in some way, a means of connecting with someone else and not being alone.
Keith Johnstone|One of the most significant consequences of the proliferation of tests over the last decades of the 20th century and the first of the 21th has been this tendency of assessment to direct the curriculum. Like a huge magnet, assessment drags curriculum toward it. It should, of course, even if we accept the need for tests, be the other way round: the curriculum should be shaped independent of any consideration of tests: tests should be constructed and administered in another space, both literally and metaphorically, hermetically sealed not only form the teacher’s gaze but also – and even more importantly – from the teacher’s consideration. In practice, though, this never happens. It is inevitable that if you decide regularly to test children's performance on the curriculum, and if, furthermore, you make teacher’s careers and school’s futures depend on the result, the tests will very quickly come to dominate what is taught. Not only the content, but also the style and manner of the teaching will be influenced by the tests. Teaching will be about getting the right answer, irrespective of understanding.
Don Paterson, The Book of Shadows|Inconveniently, books are all the pages in them, not just the ones you choose to read.
Ken Blanchard|If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
Whitttaker Chambers|Marxist Man could not have come upon the earth at a more illogical time. In an age when technological advances have finally made it feasible to adequately feed, clothe and house the entire human race, Marxist Man stands as a military threat to this peaceful achievement. His sense of insecurity drives him to demand exclusive control of human affairs in a day when nearly all other peoples would like to create a genuine United nations dedicated to world peace and world-wide prosperity. Although man can travel faster than sound and potentially provide frequent, intimate contacts between all cultures and all peoples, Marxist Man insists on creating iron barriers behind which he can secretly work.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The law of nature is alternation for evermore. Each electrical state superinduces the opposite. The soul environs itself with friends, that it may enter into a grander self-acquaintance or solitude; and it goes alone for a season, that it may exalt its conversation or society.
Jonathan Leaf, The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Sixties|In researching this book, I quickly discovered a surprising thing about the 1960s: the decade was not nearly as radical as we've been led to believe. In fact, the upheaval was really confined to a very narrow stratum of society. For the overwhelming majority of Americans, the 1960s was a conservative decade.
Suzette R. Hinton|If we fast forward through the journey, like Adam Sandler in the movie, Click, we’ll look up one day and see that we missed our lives.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|As it stands, the diagnostic criteria for depression are so loose that two people with absolutely no symptoms in common can both end up with the same unitary diagnosis of depression. For this reason especially, the concept of depression as a mental disorder has been charged with being little more than a socially constructed dustbin for all manner of human suffering.
Ilona Andrews|Kid 1: *examining my gorgeous strawberry and blueberry pies*: Wow, Mom, your pies don’t look awful this time.Me (Ilona): ...~A little later~Kid 2: *wandering into the kitchen*Kid 1: Hey, you’ve got to see these pies. *opening the stove*Kid 2: Wow. They are not ugly this time.Kid 1: I know, right?
Heather O'Neill, The Girl Who Was Saturday Night|Where would we be in this soulless universe if there weren't a few people who hold on to memories, their hearts yearning for long-lost feelings?
Andrew   Crofts, Secrets of the Italian Gardener|Not all marketing people are writers, but all writers must learn to be marketers.
Ray Anyasi, To Live Again|Thus was this expedition finished...after having, by its event, strongly evinced this important truth; that though prudence, intrepidity and perseverence united are not exempted from the blows of adverse fortune, yet in a long series of transactions they usually rise superior to its power, and in the end rarely fail of proving successful.Voyage Around The World, 1751
John Maynard Keynes|Culture is nested in context, not genes.
Abhijit Kar Gupta|The chemists who uphold dualism are far from being agreed among themselves; nevertheless, all of them in maintaining their opinion, rely upon the phenomena of chemical reactions. For a long time the uncertainty of this method has been pointed out: it has been shown repeatedly, that the atoms put into movement during a reaction take at that time a new arrangement, and that it is impossible to deduce the old arrangement from the new one. It is as if, in the middle of a game of chess, after the disarrangement of all the pieces, one of the players should wish, from the inspection of the new place occupied by each piece, to determine that which it originally occupied.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it, most people aim at it, all people fear it and few love it unless in themselves. A man must have a good share of wit himself to endure it in others. The more wit you have, the more good nature and politness you must show to induce people to pardon your superiority, for that is no easy matter.
A. Meredith Walters, Find You in the Dark|...Here lie your hopes and dreams, shattered and swept aside...
Randi Weingarten|Live honestly to a higher note. Life is too short. So, do the best you can and live your life to a higher note.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|When a man hath no freedom to fight for at home,Let him combat for that of his neighbours;Let him think of the glories of Greece and of Rome,And get knocked on the head for his labours.To do good to Mankind is the chivalrous plan,And is always as nobly requited;Then battle fro Freedom wherever you can,And, if not shot or hanged, you'll get knighted.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|She stared into his eyes and announced, “A good-bye kiss.”It was at that Raid stopped dead. “What?”“Raiden, the gig is up,” she declared, and Raid closed his eyes.Jesus, how could the woman be so infuriating and so fucking cute all at once?He opened his eyes and asked, “The gig is up?”She leaned into him and hissed, “Yes.”Fuck, he wanted to kiss her.He also wanted to shak
Donald Jeffries|We know the thing is four months away. Technically, it's already there and we're four months away.
Mary Griffith|Let's make a law that gay people can have birthdays, but straight people get more cake--you know, to send the right message to kids.
Pamela Erens, The Understory|I've lived to see my longings die"I've lived to se my longings die:My dreams and I have grown apart;Now only sorrow haunts my eye,The wages of a bitter heart.Beneath the storms of hostile fate,My flowery wreath has faded fast;I live alone and sadly waitTo see when death will come at last.Just so, when the winds in winter moanAnd snow descends in frigid flakes,Upon a naked branch, alone,The final leaf of summer shakes!
David Wain|Why are we here? I think many people assume, wrongly, that a company exists solely to make money. Money is an important part of a company's existence, if the company is any good. But a result is not a cause. We have to go deeper and find the real reason for our being.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.
Mensah Oteh|Never go into battle for your ego, Learn to battle for something much greater.
Tommy Yune, The Art of Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles|Stahl trailed him upstairs, across a mezzanine, and out into the darkness of the sloping balcony. Tom gave the aisle his torch so his guest could see. On the screen below a woman's head was wavering, two or three times larger than life. A metallic voice clanged out, echoing sepulchrally all over the house, like a modern Delphic Oracle. 'Go back, go back!' she said. 'This is no place for you!'Her big luminous eyes seemed to be looking right at Lew Stahl as she spoke. Her finger came out and pointed, and it seemed to aim straight at him and him alone. It was weird; he almost stopped in his tracks, then went on again. He hadn't eaten all day; he figured he must be woozy, to think things like that. ("Dusk To Dawn")
Mary McCarthy|In consequence, science is more important than ever for industrial technology.
Ronan Bennett, The Catastrophist|Since I am never alone with myself. Since I am always watching the character playing my part in the scene, there is no possibility of spontaneity.
George Herbert, The Complete English Poems|I’m pretty sure Mom and Dad didn’t see me coming, either: the kid with the black moods, the kid whose mind was always elsewhere, flinching from real life as from a bruise. Who wanted to lay a fiction-filter on top of everything and pretend it was something else just to keep the sheer disappointment of it all bearable: this limited, empirical experience of ours, trapped inside a decaying shell of meat, mainly able to perceive that nothing lasts, even in our most pleasurable moments.
Robert Kurson, Pirate Hunters: Treasure, Obsession, and the Search for a Legendary Pirate Ship|There is a wide distinction between confessing sin as a culprit, and confessing sin as a child. The Father's bosom is the place for penitent confessions.
Harold L. Senkbeil|The purpose of the local church is not primarily to be one's church home or extended family, though it can be at times. And it is not to survive by obtaining more people for its support base. Its purpose is to invite people to be part of the true mission of the church. Reception into the church is only a threshold to involvement in its mission. The task of the church is not to accumulate attendees. The church is a school for developing agents of the new creation from among those who are the beneficiaries of God's grace.
Simon Cowell|Our contribution purely depends on our consciousness and our willingness to support those in need, to show vulnerability and accept the support of others, to share without expecting the credit, to give it our all and allow our hard work to decide the outcome, to understand that control can only be achieved with a shared responsibility.
Bryson Tiller|In the minds of a Liberal, someone who isn't Christian might be offended if we say Merry Christmas to them, so we shouldn't say Merry Christmas to anyone. The logic is bizarre!
Sunday Adelaja|Once out from it, never made a sound. Without sound, you never know who dies and who know so you dare?
Melody  Lee|Come, get entwined in the dream catcher of my heart.
Carolyn MacCullough, Once a Witch|Blessings be on this house," Granny said, perfunctorily. It was always a good opening remark for a witch. It concentrated people's minds on what other things might be on this house.
Daniel Greenfield|Rwanda’s Muslim community is an example of a group (a full community rather than isolated individuals) that resisted the appeal of dangerous speech and other pressures to participate in the genocide. The Muslim community, which had both Hutu and Tutsi members, not only refused to participate in the genocide but actively opposed it. Its actions during the genocide included rescuing, hiding, and taking care of Muslim and non-Muslim Tutsis, and providing safe haven in mosques. Muslims also rejected commands to kill or reveal Tutsis hidden in their communities, on several occasions going so far as to fight back and be killed themselves.
Edwin Calingasan|We all must do what we have to do to get where we need to be. Ultimately, you make that final decision yourself.
David Belasco|If you can’t write your idea on the back of my calling card, you don’t have a clear idea.
Victoria Scott, The Collector|I nod and smile and smile and nod, and when she turns away, I form a gun with my hand, place it to my temple, and pull the trigger. This girl is starved for attention. It's amazing to me when people are totally unaware of how bad they are at socializing.
Rachel Cohn|The mosh pit will reveal all the answers. The mosh pit never lies.-Norah, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist 
Amanda Howells, The Summer of Skinny Dipping|In the haunted shade of the Ateneo, her hands wrote a curse on my skin that was to hound me for years.
Beverly Cleary|I was a nursery school teacher, and I worked with youth groups. I loved that job. It was exhausting, but you got a lot back - all their purity and insight and innocence is so on the surface, and they're so unrepressed; they'd really scream at you and then give you a massive kiss.
Nathaniel Branden, How to Raise Your Self-Esteem: The Proven Action-Oriented Approach to Greater Self-Respect and Self-Confidence|Sometimes the path to higher self-esteem is lonely and frightening. We cannot fully know in advance how much more satisfying our lives will be. But the more we are willing to experience and accept the many aspects of who we are, the richer our inner worlds, the greater our resources, the more appropriate we feel to the challenges and opportunities of life. Also, it is more likely that we will find - or create - a style of existence that will meet our individual needs.
Shannon L. Alder|Surviving isn't around us, but in us.
Wendy Lesser, Why I Read: The Serious Pleasure of Books|When it comes to literature, we are all groping in the dark, even the writer. Especially the writer. And that is a good thing--maybe one of the best things about literature. It's always an adventure of some kind.
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|Anyone who can fail to rejoice in the enticing squish/crunch of a fast-food French fry, or the delight of a warmed piece of grocery-store donut, is living half a life
H. Rider Haggard, She|And now let us love and take that which is given us, and be happy; for in the grave there is no love and no warmth, nor any touching of the lips. Nothing perchance, or perchance but bitter memories of what might have been.
Emily Dickinson, Dickinson: Poems|My life closed twice before its close; It yet remains to seeIf Immortality unveil A third event to me,So huge, so hopeless to conceive, As these that twice befell.Parting is all we know of heaven, And all we need of hell.
George Wither|... 'But Gold was not all. The other kings bring Frank Innocence and Mirth.' | Darcourt was startled, then delighted. 'That is very fine, Yerko; is it your own?' | 'No, it is in the story. I saw it in New York. The kings say, We bring you Gold, Frank Innocence, and Mirth.' | 'Sancta simplicitas,' said Darcourt, raising his eyes to mine. 'If only there were more Mirth in the message He has left to us. We miss it sadly, in the world we have made. And Frank Innocence. Oh, Yerko, you dear man.' ...
Michio Kaku|My dad used to say, 'Just because you dress up in a coat and tie, it doesn't influence your intelligence.'
Theodore Roosevelt|Be practical as well as generous in your ideals. Keep your eyes on the stars, but remember to keep your feet on the ground.
T. Rafael Cimino, A Battle of Angels|Cinema is a language. It can say things—big, abstract things. And I love that about it. I’m not always good with words. Some people are poets and have a beautiful way of saying things with words. But cinema is its own language. And with it you can say so many things, because you’ve got time and sequences. You’ve got dialogue. You’ve got music. You’ve got sound effects. You have so many tools. And you can express a feeling and a thought that can’t be conveyed any other way. Its a magical medium. For me, it’s so beautiful to think about these pictures and sounds flowing together in time and in sequence, making something that can be done only through cinema. Its not just words or music-it’s a whole range of elements coming together and making something that didn’t exist before. It’s telling stories. It’s devising a world, an experience, that people cannot have unless they see that film. When I catch an idea for a film, I fall in love with the way cinema can express it. I like a story that holds abstractions, and that’s what cinema can do.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|We live in a time when to reject the idea of an all-seeing, all-knowing, all-powerful government is to be viewed by that government as being anti-government.
Michael S. Horton, Calvin on the Christian Life: Glorifying and Enjoying God Forever|Quit pretending to be humble when you are really just a self-abusing, emotional, drama junkie.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|AN ACADEMIC DEFINITION of Lynchian might be that the term "refers to a particular kind of irony where the very macabre and the very mundane combine in such a way as to reveal the former's perpetual containment within the latter." But like postmodern or pornographic, Lynchian is one of those Porter Stewart-type words that's ultimately definable only ostensively-i.e., we know it when we see it. Ted Bundy wasn't particularly Lynchian, but good old Jeffrey Dahmer, with his victims' various anatomies neatly separated and stored in his fridge alongside his chocolate milk and Shedd Spread, was thoroughgoingly Lynchian. A recent homicide in Boston, in which the deacon of a South Shore church reportedly gave chase to a vehicle that bad cut him off, forced the car off the road, and shot the driver with a highpowered crossbow, was borderline Lynchian. A Rotary luncheon where everybody's got a comb-over and a polyester sport coat and is eating bland Rotarian chicken and exchanging Republican platitudes with heartfelt sincerity and yet all are either amputees or neurologically damaged or both would be more Lynchian than not.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I love all of myself in all ways for all time. I am made of pure love, and it permeates all of my selves.
Ron Akers|If you feel alone, and if your heart is pure and your eyes still shine with the wonder of a child's, perhaps as you read these pages you'll find that the stars are smiling on you once more, that you can hear them as though they were five hundred million little bells.
Peter Gray, Free to Learn: Why Unleashing the Instinct to Play Will Make Our Children Happier, More Self-Reliant, and Better Students for Life|Eighth grade's a distant rumor, a tabled issue, and Dylan knows from experience that the summer between might change anything, everything. He and Mingus Rude too and even Arthur Lomb for that matter are released from the paint-by-numbers page of their schooldays, from their preformatted roles as truant or victim, freed to an unspoiled summer, that inviting medium for doodling in self-transformation. 
Enza Vita|Awareness is that which is reading these words right now, whatever “that” is. You know without a doubt that there is something reading these words right now and awareness is precisely what that is.
Maurice Maeterlinck|The Secret to saneful living is in the Key between these two worlds. In order to serve the higher ideal, one must revert to serving the Spark within all the multiplicities herein conceivable in the apparent world. The spark in itself is not contained for it encompasses both realities, that of the inner, and the apparent
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|We may talk lightly but never carelessly. We keep at bay the flow of common, ignorant thought which runs its damaging course through the pathways of ordinary human conversation.
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life runs easily due to the egoism which is the by-production of the worldly life. By increasing the egoism there, one has incurred endless worries.
Ann Aguirre, Aftermath|. . . and I don’t expect him to suborn his life into mine any more than I would change my dreams for him. We’re not one soul, one being, however much we love each other.
Richard North Patterson, The Spire|The propensity of Earthlings to get into trouble, and to learn thereby, was the reason my owners agreed to this mad venture – although no one expected such a chain of unusual calamities as befell this ship. Your talents were underrated.
Diana Jaber|Disappointment, fear, grief, unlove, dullness and guilt are the worst feelings. Learn from them so that you move on. Then replace them with more satisfying and promising joy, love gratitude, pride, confidence, direction.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Complete Stories and Poems|Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.Eagerly I wished the morrow; — vainly I had sought to borrow From my books surcease of sorrow — sorrow for the lost Lenore.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us.
Bertolt Brecht|Natürlich muss die Wahrheit im Kampf mit der Unwahrheit geschrieben werden und sie darf nicht etwas Allgemeines, Hohes, Vieldeutiges sein. Von dieser allgemeinen, hohen, vieldeutigen Art ist ja gerade die Unwahrheit. Wenn von einem gesagt wird, er hat die Wahrheit gesagt, so haben zunächst einige oder viele oder einer etwas anderes gesagt, eine Lüge oder etwas Allgemeines, aber er hat die Wahrheit gesagt, etwas Praktisches, Tatsächliches, Unleugbares, das, um was es sich handelte.
Antoine Laurain, The Red Notebook|Do great things, Laure, be happy, or at least do your best to be. Life is fragile
Euginia Herlihy|Be creative, be inventive minded, dream bigger that's the way to the promised land (your destiny).
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Methods of Lady Walderhurst|…Mrs. Warren allowed her book to fall closed upon her lap, and her attractive face awakened to an expression of agreeable expectation, in itself denoting the existence of interesting and desirable qualities in the husband at the moment inserting his latch-key in the front door preparatory to mounting the stairs and joining her. The man who, after twenty-five years of marriage, can call, by his return to her side, this expression to the countenance of an intelligent woman is, without question or argument, an individual whose life and occupations are as interesting as his character and points of view.
Paulo Coelho|When you are in a dark place, you tend to sit back and wait for the light to come. But it won't: because, you are the only one who can find your inner light.
|It feels great to be living a life where I don't have to compare my life with other people's lives. I wake up every morning feeling grateful for all my blessings. Being in a good health, being able to eat three meals a day and having a place to sleep, are enough reasons for me to walk around with a big smile on my face.
"Pierrot le fou"|Why do you look so sad?""Because you speak to me in words and I look at you with feelings.
J. Michael Straczynski|A good story should provoke discussion, debate, argument...and the occasional bar fight.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage, you can overcome the cultural shock in a visit to a new country.
Carice van Houten|It's not the traditional promise ring. It's basically to always stay truthful. I think that's a really important part of a relationship, that you're always honest with each other.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|...it really struck me that, just as people might look at me and never imagine I'd worked as a prostitute, they must look at some of those girls and see only the alienation and disaffection that hides their on fears and hurt.
Charles Frazier, Nightwoods|Where had he been? Drinking, obviously. Then she started cataloging all the ways he was worthless. On fool impulse, as his most potent available argument against Lily, Bud stuck his hands into his coat pockets and pulled out the many bundles of hundreds and threw them on the bedspread. If you were honest and stupid, you worked a couple of lifetimes for that kind of money, doled out by the hour in pocket-change amounts by asswipe bosses.
Dana Spiotta|I'm thinking about past events. I'm interested in recall, exact recall, of what was said, who said it and to whom. I want to know the truth, undistorted by time and revision and wishes and regrets.
Asper Blurry, Train to the Edge of the Moon|Breaking the circle”My eyes darken when I see my new lover. Fresh prey.My body doesn’t really react in a sexual way.It’s the devil inside me that celebrates next conquest.We exchange meaningless sweet words.His hungry gaze penetrates my breasts and ass.Another drink and laughter.And then another one.Sometimes I get very drunk or high.And then I don’t feel him between my legs.I don’t see his sweating face.I don’t hear his moans and questions if I came.I can’t stay sober when I cheat on you.I’m such a coward that I can’t even face this inner monster.It consumes me, it takes away my dignity. It makes me do horrible things.It hurts you, the only one who ever loved me.Who knows what I really am.No. It’s not the monster. It’s me. I am the whore.I dig my nails into your soft flesh until it bleeds.I am the one pushing you away, feasting on your kindness. I blame those hard punches of my past for my infidelity. Those cruel hands. Those hateful words. I try not to, I really do. I try to be a better person.But how can I if I am just nobody?You know why I leave. Yet you stay. You’re there when I’m back.With your sorrow and cry and resentment and wrath.Why?If I’m broken because of my pain what’s your excuse?Why do you keep letting me treat you like a stray dog?Don’t you have any respect for yourself?What the fuck is wrong with you?And just when I think I have my own slave for life you break the circle. You shut the door with a grimace of relief.You can’t look at me anymore. See, you’re finally free!My inner innocent girl is happy for you. But the monster inside kicks and laughs at me.I’m left alone.I dress up and go hunting.
Johnny Weir|I will openly admit that I've never really followed hockey. Given my New England upbringing, I have always adhered to the Celtics, Patriots, Red Sox, Bruins mantra of professional sports fandom, but hockey was definitely the lowest sport on the totem pole - even when the Bruins won the Stanley Cup.
Plato|Similarly with regard to truth, won't we say that a soul is maimed if it hates a voluntary falsehood, cannot endure to have one in itself, and is greatly angered when it exists in others, but is nonetheless content to accept an involuntary falsehood, isn't angry when it is caught being ignorant, and bears its lack of learning easily, wallowing in it like a pig?
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|I'm like a machine being run over its RPM limit: The bearings are overheating - a minute longer, and the metal is going to melt and start dripping and that'll be the end of everything. I need a quick splash of cold water, logic. I pour it on in buckets, but the logic hisses on the hot bearings and dissipates in the air as a fleeting white mist. Well, of course, it's clear that you can't establish a function without taking into account what its limit is. And it's also clear that what I felt yesterday, that stupid "dissolving in the universe," if you take it to its limit, is death. Because that's exactly what death is - the fullest possible dissolving of myself into the universe. Hence, if we let L stand for love and D for death, then L = f (D), i.e., love and death...
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|We all are bundles of electric waves or streams of particles – proton, neutron, and electrons. If a piece of metal can be transformed into electric or magnetic waves, so can a string of sound, a thought, and a desire.
Adam Levine|My mom can't defend herself to the world. She is such an amazing woman, with such an open heart. It's a real hard line, and I crossed it. I took everyone's life story and assumed it would be a great thing to put on screen. I was being selfish and I feel so horrible about it. I feel so guilty.
Ellen Hopkins|Interactive computers and software will, I think, provide a less costly method of doing some kinds of inquiry, in knowledge acquisition and even reasoning and interaction.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Te aseguro que no soy de las que quieren a medias. Mis sentimientos siempre son profundos y arraigados"...
Chris Pine|We come from fallible parents who were kids once, who decided to have kids and who had to learn how to be parents. Faults are made and damage is done, whether it's conscious or not. Everyone's got their own 'stuff,' their own issues, and their own anger at Mom and Dad. That is what family is. Family is almost naturally dysfunctional.
Bob Hope|I've never met anybody who says they don't like the World Cup. If you're a soccer fan or not, everybody loves watching it, and I think it could be the same for other sports.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|I've lived through a war. I've seen burning corpses on the road side. And yes, I will tell you, peace is the only way out.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|She tried to think about what lay ahead, but soon gave up. 'Words turn into stone,' Nimit had told her. She settled deep into her seat and closed her eyes. All at once the image came to her of the sky she had seen while swimming on her back. And Erroll Garner's 'I'll Remember April.' Let me sleep, she thought. Just let me sleep. And wait for the dream to come.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|I learned to separate the story from the writing, probably the most important thing that any storyteller has to learn— that there are a thousand right ways to tell a story, and ten million wrong ones, and you’re a lot more likely to find one of the latter than the former your first time through the tale. (Introduction to Ender's Game)
Hans Hofmann|The Louvre for me is a wonderful experience. Because it continues; it didn't get cut off. It was actually a continuous involvement all the way, and a lot of people have come and gone, come and gone; but I'm still here.
Camille Paglia|All people have three characters, that which they exhibit, that which they are, and that which they think they are.
Cathryn Louis|When you carry someone else's baggage, it's nearly impossible to get rid of your own. Drop it. Now.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you read mistakes, learn from it!
Amit Kalantri|A creature--a frightfully, awful creature--was mere feet from her. Its eyes were enormous, the size of goose eggs and milky white. Its gray, slippery skin was stretched taut upon its face. Its mouth was wide and full of needle teeth. Its hands rested on the rock, hands that were webbed and huge with each finger ending in a sharp, curved nail. It was as tall as a human man, yet oddly shrunken and hunched.
L. Frank Baum, The Magic of Oz|The Glass Cat is one of the most curious creatures in all Oz. It was made by a famous magician named Dr. Pipt before Ozma had forbidden her subjects to work magic. Dr. Pipt had made the Glass Cat to catch mice, but the Cat refused to catch mice and was considered more curious than useful.This astonishing cat was made all of glass and was so clear and transparent that you could see through it as easily as through a window. In the top of its head, however, was a mass of delicate pink balls which looked like jewels but were intended for brains. It had a heart made of a blood-red ruby. The eyes were two large emeralds. But, aside from these colors, all the rest of the animal was of clear glass, and it had a spun-glass tail that was really beautiful.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|No, no, I don’t want that.”“I didn’t ask.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole - And Other Cosmic Quandaries|What unhappy beings men are! They constantly waver between false hopes and silly fears, and instead of relying on reason they create monsters to frighten themselves with, and phantoms which lead them astray.
Meg Greenfield|It is no use saying "we are doing our best." You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Abraham Hicks|If your dominant intent is to feel joy while you are doing the work, your triad of intentions-freedom, growth and joy-will come quickly and easily into alignment. See your "career" as one of creating a joyful life experience. You are not a creator of things or a regurgitator of what someone else has created or a gatherer of stuff. You are a creator, and the subject of your creation is your joyful life experience. That is your mission. That is your quest. That is why you are here.
Katharine Weber, The Music Lesson|I am in awe of the perpetual tumult of the sea. I am moved by the still place on the horizon where the sky begins. I am stirred by the soaring and dipping fields that make the landscape into a rumpled green counterpane. I thought I would never have such powerful feelings again. I thought I would live through the rest of my life having experiences, and thoughts, but I never thought I would again feel deeply-- I was convinced that my wounds had healed and become thick scars, essentially numb.
Charles Jencks|All architecture, classical or not, must have some sense of order, and order is much harder to achieve without the straight lines and right angles that have dominated the building art from time immemorial.
Manos Abou Chabke|We are living in a world where most of our time is spent by the majority in front a screen and a software, whether its a game, trading, movie, pictures etc... in principal this is where we spend most of our time. For that be cautious and aware of that fact and apply changes - dont forget the real world, it will give you lots of happiness for getting into the real world for a short time - that is because our brains miss reality !
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|The man who does not do his own thinking is a slave, and is a traitor to himself and to his fellowmen.
Michael Douglas|I went into rehab to save my marriage, but I wound up saving myself.
Diane Medved, Saving Childhood|I met Baba Yaga at the end of childhood – past pigtails and fairytales, but not quite ready to give up on make-believe.
H.P. Lovecraft|I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
Mindy McGinnis, A Madness So Discreet|So then the National Woman Suffrage Association and the American Woman Suffrage Association merged to create the National American Woman Suffrage Association, which personally I think is rather a mouthful,' Adelaide said as she set down her wineglass.'I'm sure others have much shorter terms,' the doctor said, sawing into his steak with more vigor than necessary.'Such as?' Grace asked.'There are plenty who just call us bitches, dear.
Jeffrey Stepakoff, The Orchard|I'm always wondering about the what-ifs, about the road not taken.
Benjamin Franklin|If all printers were determined not to print anything till they were sure it would offend nobody, there would be very little printed.
Lily Amis|Honesty is the key to Happiness. Be always truthful to yourself, to your feelings, emotions, needs and desires & to others, no matter what!
Tom T. Hall|General Grant had a simple  childlike recipe for meeting life ... "I am terribly afraid  but the other fellow is afraid  too."
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Mary! Mary! My dear, let me reason with you.I hate reasoning, John,—especially reasoning on such subjects. There's a way you political folks have of coming round and round a plain right thing; and you don't believe in it yourselves, when it comes to practice. I know you well enough, John. You don't believe it's right any more than I do; and you wouldn't do it any sooner than I.
Maria Montessori|Preventing war is the work of politicians, establishing peace is the work of educationists.
Victoria Alexander, The Marriage Lesson|Adventure, my dear, is as much a state of mind as anything else. One can travel the world and never find the excitement to be found within arm's reach.Remain true to yourself, but understand happiness may not always be found in the plans we have laid out for ourselves, but rather in the unforeseen turns life takes us. Do not close your mind, or your heart, to the unexpected twists of life. It is those unexpected paths that could well lead to the greatest adventures of all.
Compton Gage|You haven't rewarded evil unto them who were at peace with you; nor you have delivered them that without cause is your enemy. But they want to tread down your soul upon the earth, and lay your honour in the dust.
Charles Caleb Cotton|Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship – never.
Kenneth Eade, Terror on Wall Street, a Financial Metafiction Novel|Once you deposit that money in your checking account, it becomes the bank’s money and you’re just another one of their creditors.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|The shears found his throat this time. He fell down on top of them and was silent.Something dark like mucilage glistened where he lay.She had jumped back - not in remorse, but to keep the bottom of her skirt clear of his blood. ("I'm Dangerous Tonight")
Larry Wilde|Matt is grinning at me like I'm the new Christmas toy he really wanted, but can't play with yet because he hasn't read the instructions.
Patricia Grasso, To Love a Princess|Forget the garden rake. Remember that time you dived over the desk at that guy in moot court? Had him by the throat in two seconds flat, that's what I heard.""You heard wrong.""And they suspended you for how long?" Antonia innocently asked."A day. And I apologized. Actually I crawled like a slug and ate dirt," Bree said ruefully. "But that was years ago, and have I pulled a stunt like that again? No, I have not.
Warren Bennis|I've always been about the power of a woman - accentuating the positive, deleting the negative, whether you're talking her body, her voice or her leadership.
Kensi Brianne Smith|There is light in the shadow just as there is shadow in the light and although many disclaim these shadows as everything unpleasant in the world, it cannot be so, it is not so. Just as there is beauty in the light, the shadow hold it's own muted allure and of both shades, there are songs and dances and revelry and sorrow. They are one and the same, different sides of the same coin, a mirror image looking at itself. The only thing that sets them apart, and will continue to divide these two spectrums, is our perception of the 'fact' that one is light and one is shadow.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Death waits for no man - and if he does, he doesn't usually wait for very long.
James Wetzel|You can let go of all that stuff you thought was real when you know it's just a game. What a relief, what a state of grace that brings.
Marilynne Robinson|I am not the first to suggest that anthropology arose in Western thought in an inauspicious period, one characterized by colonialism and so-called racial science. But I seem to be more or less alone in my conviction that, in all its primitivity, this anthropology continues to color the ways in which we conceive of human nature.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Father Time|Obvious choices for the east window: the two bloody bargains on which civilization claimed to be based. The bargain, Rivers though, looking at Abraham and Isaac. The one on which all patriarchal societies were founded. If you, who are young and strong, will obey me, who am old and weak, even to the extent of being prepared to sacrifice your life, then in the course of time you will peacefully inherit, and be able to exact the same obedience from your sons. Only we’re breaking the bargain, Rivers thought. All over northern France, at this very moment, in trenches and dugouts and flooded shell-holes, the inheritors were dying, not one by one, while old men, and women of all ages, gathered together and sang hymns.
Marcia Hutchinson|If you talked to your friends the way you talk to your body, you’d have no friends left at all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lips may lie, but the heart always tells the truth.
Ariana Franklin, The Serpent's Tale|You can learn many things from children. How much patience you have, for instance.
Muhammad Ali|There's a big difference between where I came from and the NFL. Things like this don't happen to people from there often. It just took a lot of hard work and dedication, staying on the right path, believing in myself, and having an inner drive.
Laurie Penny|This is stupid. There's work to be done. Tomorrow tens of thousands of us are going to take to the streets and demand fair access to education, and my smashed little heart shouldn't matter. But it does. The whole world is changing, and I just want to be the kind of girl who gets taken in somebody's arms.
A.M. Homes|If you don’t write the book you have to write, everything breaks.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|Suffering... is not just lots of pain but pain amplified by distinctly human emotions such as regret, self-pity, shame, humiliation, and dread.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|When used as a tool, fear will enhance your preparedness; when used as a guide, it will stop your progress.
Friedrich Nietzsche|And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them " A prophet is not without honour  save in his own country  and in his own house."
J. Richard Singleton|Powell’s face appeared on screen. “It’s true, the doomsday crowd is a little crazy,” she said, looking thoughtful. “But that doesn’t mean they’re wrong.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|All religions are "revealed" and "inspired". After all nothing happens without the "will" of god.
Glenn Greenwald|Journalists should be watchdogs, not lapdogs.
Lisa Cron|Remember, when we're lost in a story, we're not passively reading about something that's happening to someone else.
Syrie James, The Lost Memoirs of Jane Austen|I believe there is a kind of happiness to be found in every thing in life, in all that is good and pleasing, as well as in that which is sad or poignant.
Ben Witherington III|We live in a Jesus haunted culture that is Biblically illiterate, and so unfortunately at this point in time, almost anything can pass for knowledge of the historical Jesus from notions that he was a a Cynic sage to ideas that he was a Gnostic guru to fantasies that he didn't exist, to Dan Browne's Jesus of hysterical (rather than historical) fiction.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|To be honest, as this world goes is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.Hamlet Act II, Scene II Lines 178-179
Sunday Adelaja|We stand the risk of backwardness, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Rajneesh Shrma|True wisdom comes in understanding that sometimes, you are both the prison and the key.
Cesar Chavez|I wasn't a hacker for the money, and it wasn't to cause damage.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|At times poems can be like riddles, too difficult to decipher or comprehend. But how else does one come to understand what can only be felt but not said?
Andrew Klavan|Under the stars,I tried to sleep,but for once in my life couldn't.My mutant super power-the ability to nod off at at the drop of a hat,any time,anywhere-had deserted me.
Henry Miller|Serenity is when you get above all this, when it doesn't matter what they think, say or want, but when you do as you are, and see God and Devil as one.
Nando Parrado|In the years since the disaster, I often think of my friend Arturo Nogueira, and the conversations we had in the mountains about God. Many of my fellow survivors say they felt the personal presence of God in the mountains. He mercifully allowed us to survive, they believe, in answer to our prayers, and they are certain it was His hand that led us home. I deeply respect the faith of my friends, but, to be honest, as hard as I prayed for a miracle in the Andes, I never felt the personal presence of God. At least, I did not feel God as most people see Him. I did feel something larger than myself, something in the mountains and the glaciers and the glowing sky that, in rare moments, reassured me, and made me feel that the world was orderly and loving and good. If this was God, it was not God as a being or a spirit or some omnipotent, superhuman mind. It was not a God who would choose to save us or abandon us, or change in any way. It was simply a silence, a wholeness, an awe-inspiring simplicity. It seemed to reach me through my own feelings of love, and I have often thought that when we feel what we call love, we are really feeling our connection to this awesome presence. I feel this presence still when my mind quiets and I really pay attention. I don’t pretend to understand what it is or what it wants from me. I don’t want to understand these things. I have no interest in any God who can be understood, who speaks to us in one holy book or another, and who tinkers with our lives according to some divine plan, as if we were characters in a play. How can I make sense of a God who sets one religion above the rest, who answers one prayer and ignores another, who sends sixteen young men home and leaves twenty-nine others dead on a mountain?There was a time when I wanted to know that god, but I realize now that what I really wanted was the comfort of certainty, the knowledge that my God was the true God, and that in the end He would reward me for my faithfulness. Now I understand that to be certain–-about God, about anything–-is impossible. I have lost my need to know. In those unforgettable conversations I had with Arturo as he lay dying, he told me the best way to find faith was by having the courage to doubt. I remember those words every day, and I doubt, and I hope, and in this crude way I try to grope my way toward truth. I still pray the prayers I learned as a child–-Hail Marys, Our Fathers–-but I don’t imagine a wise, heavenly father listening patiently on the other end of the line. Instead, I imagine love, an ocean of love, the very source of love, and I imagine myself merging with it. I open myself to it, I try to direct that tide of love toward the people who are close to me, hoping to protect them and bind them to me forever and connect us all to whatever there is in the world that is eternal. …When I pray this way, I feel as if I am connected to something good and whole and powerful. In the mountains, it was love that kept me connected to the world of the living. Courage or cleverness wouldn’t have saved me. I had no expertise to draw on, so I relied upon the trust I felt in my love for my father and my future, and that trust led me home. Since then, it has led me to a deeper understanding of who I am and what it means to be human. Now I am convinced that if there is something divine in the universe, the only way I will find it is through the love I feel for my family and my friends, and through the simple wonder of being alive. I don’t need any other wisdom or philosophy than this: My duty is to fill my time on earth with as much life as possible, to become a little more human every day, and to understand that we only become human when we love. …For me, this is enough.
John Perez|There are only three events in a man's life; birth, life, and death; he is not conscious of being born, he dies in pain, and he forgets to live.
Kyan Christopher, Still Presence|The love we have can’t die. If you ever think I’m not there, just be still and you’ll feel my presence. I’ll be beating with your heart.
John Charles Pollock, The Apostle: The Life of Paul|I am convinced that in the present time, in spite of the difficulties man has to meet another in a state of oblation, communion and gift of self, there are latent hidden forces in him which can be awakened in order to enable him to discover and live this reality of love and fidelity. In order to really penetrate into this mystery of the union of the couple, it is essential that each one acquire an interior maturity, a maturity that is perhaps rare. I would add that in order to be truly united and to remain truly faithful to one another, the couple must listen and be open to the Spirit of God who has reserved for Himself the science of the heart. The heart of man is satisfied only by the Infinite and to discover this Infinite in union he must open himself to the Spirit of God, a spirit of giving, of receiving. The union between the two spouses can thus deepen to such an extent that they enter in a mystical manner into the very life of God Himself.
Neil T. Anderson, The Bondage Breaker|Vanity might be a "sin" according to some lights, but he thought in measured doses it was one of life's allowable simple pleasures. It helped everyone get through their days.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|Staring and staring into the mirror, it sees many faces within its face - the face of the child, the boy, the young man, the not-so-young man - all present still, preserved like fossils on superimposed layers, and, like fossils, dead. Their message to this live dying creature is: Look at us - we have died - what is there to be afraid of?It answers them: But that happened so gradually, so easily. I'm afraid of being rushed.
Jhumpa Lahiri|If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for the Creator, there is no poverty.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|There was much about him that was fine and beautiful, but he could never find the confidence he needed.
Jonathan Maas|And as your writing evolves, what you need and get from it evolves.
Otto von Bismarck|Pope Pius XI called for a world-wide day of prayer, to be held on 16 March 1930, on behalf of the persecuted believers in Russia. This action led Stalin to suspend temporarily the antireligious campaign, according to Roy Medvedev
Anaxagoras|So most astronauts getting ready to lift off are excited and very anxious and worried about that explosion - because if something goes wrong in the first seconds of launch, there's not very much you can do.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|It is difficult to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future and impossible to live in the past. Nothing is as far away as one minute ago.
Garry E. Lewis|Neither spoke, but lat silently listening to the ticking of the clock. A stair creaked, and a squeaky mouse scurried noisily through the wall. The darkness was oppressive, and after lying for some time screwing up his courage, he took the box of matches, and striking one, went downstairs for a candle.At the foot of the stairs the match went out, and he paused to strike another; and at the same moment a knock came so quiet and stealthy as to be scarcely audible, sounded on the front door.The matches fell from his hand and spilled in the passage. He stood motionless, his breath suspended until the knock was repeated. Then he turned and fled swiftly back to his room, and closed the door behind him. A third knock sounded through the house.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|If you want to experience joy and happiness in life, you must free your mind. Don't become a prisoner to your thoughts. Don't allow your perceptions to be the only views you believe. Allow truth to penetrate your core as it sets you free
Deborah O'Brien, The Rarest Thing|If you encase yourself in stone like a fossil, you’ll have an existence, but not a life.
Richard Rogers|What I love most about Her Majesty is that she has kept hats alive in people's minds for more than 60 years. You can't think of her without imagining her with a hat or a crown. I would, of course, love to design one for her.
William Shakespeare|We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts.
Jenny Trout|Strength isn't about bearing a cross of grief or shame. Strength comes from choosing your own path, and living with the consequences.
Pratyush Singh|the more pretty the face is " , "the more dirty past it has
DaShanne Stokes|People think that LGBTs adopting children will hurt them, but it's not being in loving homes that hurts children most.
Robyn Donald|Every man is a chauvinist, however much he wishes to be otherwise.
Elizabeth George|What you read between the covers of your Bible is wisdom for a lifetime, rock-solid, forever truth—truth you can stand on, live by, and trust…forever.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Opportunities will come and go, but if you do nothing about them, so will you.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life has a tendency to provide a person with what they need in order to grow. Our beliefs, what we value in life, provide the roadmap for the type of life that we experience. A period of personal unhappiness reveals that our values are misplaced and we are on the wrong path. Unless a person changes their values and ideas, they will continue to experience discontentment.
Cherise Sinclair, Lean on Me|Come on, there's no one there. You want coffee?" Tess asked."Yeah, sure, why not? I'm only on the brink of a nervous breakdown. I don't imagine why caffeine wouldn't help this situation.
Eric Stoltz|It is good that war is so horrible, or we might grow to like it.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|If shame had a face I think itwould kind of look like mineIf it had a home would it be my eyesWould you believe me if I said I'm tired of thisWell here we go now one more timeI tried to climb your stepsI tried to chase you downI tried to see how low I could get it down to the groundI tried to earn my wayI tried to tame this mindYou better believe that I tried to beat this[CHORUS]So when will this end it goes on and onOver and over and over againKeep spinning around I know that it won't stopTill I step down from this for goodI never thought I'd end up hereNever thought I'd be standing where I amI guess I kinda thought it would be easier than thisI guess I was wrong now one more timeI tried to climb your stepsI tried to chase you downI tried to see how long I could get it down to the groundI tried to earn my wayI tried to tame this mindYou better believe that I tried yo beat this[REPEAT CHORUS]Sick cycle carouselThis is a sick sycle, yeahSick cycle carouselThis is a sick cycle, yeah[REPEAT CHORUS TWICE]Sick cycle carouselSick cycle carouselSick cycle carousel...
Sam Harris|All the other children at my school are stupid. Except I'm not meant to call them stupid, even though this is what they are.
Walter Anderson|Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on.
Larry Fitzgerald|Sticking to a diet required me to have a permanently low self-esteem. But happily, I developed other skills beyond a fluctuating weight, eventually building up a different source of self-worth.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|I remember watching those balloons as a little boy, each fall, wondering if someday I, too, would be nothing but a balloon in the sky, soaring towards the sun until I begin to fall slowly back to earth and into the hands of a stranger.
Heather     James, Fire|The thing about fires most people don’t realise is the noise. It’s deafening so even if you shout, you can’t be heard three feet away. You can never quite get used to the fury of it, it’s like a mighty roar of anger that just keeps going. I suppose flame is beautiful, the way it leaps into the air like it’s free to do what it wants. Other elements are also free and I guess the sea can be pretty awesome, wind too, and lightning, but fire has a mind and a determination. You don’t see it as a blind raging thing, which I suppose it is, but something that attacks and thinks and changes tactics. It has a malevolence that uses surprise, dirty tricks, cunning. You get to think of it as someone, not something, and it’s someone you have to beat, but right from the start you don’t like your chances because it’s so big and unpredictable and can do so much harm.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|...then we went skinny dippin' and did things that frighten the fish...Character, Shelby Eatonton, from the movie, Steel Magnolias.
Yuan T. Lee|The more we learn of science, the more we see that its wonderful mysteries are all explained by a few simple laws so connected together and so dependent upon each other, that we see the same mind animating them all.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, admit that you were not born for the floor. Refuse to embrace mediocrity anytime anywhere.
Cari Luna, The Revolution of Every Day|The sun rolls along up Fourteenth Street and the ghost of a habit turns Cat's face into the light. She shields her eyes and looks east, half expecting to see her father, a sun-blown shadow in the diorama box of his newsstand.
Hermann Hesse|Being the commander of a Ruminarii war vessel meant that he had risen to the rank by means of assassination and ruthlessness and was therefore implicitly distrusted by the Tidhii Mah’k’hai (Naval Command, that is The Queen Of Suth Herself.) He was expected to mete out, in generous portions, brutality to conquered subjects and to act swiftly and mercilessly in dealing with alien encounters. In short, he was expected to be a bad example.
Bernard Meltzer|God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|When you strip away all the layers one by one, not much remains to “discover.” You will never find real meaning among your selfish interests, feelings, and aspirations. The answers do not lie within you.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|That day, they learned that when there are two people, half the times they agreed and half the times they disagreed on every issue. What they were unwilling to accept is that they could get along very well together even if they disagreed half of the times.
Jennifer Lopez, True Love|An unemployed father is always considered more detrimental to the family than an unemployed mother, and at the same time, child psychologists kept coming up with new responsibilities for parents that seemed to fall to the mother alone.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...Sunday evenings are heavier than clouds with rain, darker too and often interminable...
Abraham Hicks|...Why is it, that from the moment you enter medical school to the moment you retire, that the only disorder you will ever diagnosis with a physics book - is obesity? This is biology folks, it's endocrinology, it's physiology - physics has nothing to do with it. The law of thermodynamics is always true, [but] the energy balance equation is irrelevant...
Michael Bloomberg|When men have money and power they get turned on, sexually. They get horny as hell. Can't imagine why, though.
Lynn Margulis|All failure is failure to adapt, all success is successful adaptation.
Barack Obama|But for a younger generation of conservative operatives who would soon rise to power... They were true believers who meant what they said, whether it was 'No New Taxes' or 'We are a Christian Nation.' In fact, with their rigid doctrines, slash-and-burn style, and exaggerated sense of having been aggrieved, this new conservative leadership was eerily reminiscent of some of the New Left's leaders during the sixties. As with their left-wing counterparts, this new vanguard of the right viewed politics as a contest not just between competing policy visions, but between good and evil. Activists in both parties began developing litmus tests, checklists of orthodoxy, leaving a Democrat who questioned abortion increasingly lonely, any Republican who championed gun control effectively marooned. In this Manichean struggle, compromise came to look like weakness, to be punished or purged. You were with us or you were against us. You had to choose sides.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|I saw a banner hanging next to city hall in downtown Philadelphia that read, "Kill them all, and let God sort them out." A bumper sticker read, "God will judge evildoers; we just have to get them to him." I saw a T-shirt on a soldier that said, "US Air Force... we don't die; we just go to hell to regroup." Others were less dramatic- red, white, and blue billboards saying, "God bless our troops." "God Bless America" became a marketing strategy. One store hung an ad in their window that said, "God bless America--$1 burgers." Patriotism was everywhere, including in our altars and church buildings. In the aftermath of September 11th, most Christian bookstores had a section with books on the event, calendars, devotionals, buttons, all decorated in the colors of America, draped in stars and stripes, and sprinkled with golden eagles.  This burst of nationalism reveals the deep longing we all have for community, a natural thirst for intimacy... September 11th shattered the self-sufficient, autonomous individual, and we saw a country of broken fragile people who longed for community- for people to cry with, be angry with, to suffer with. People did not want to be alone in their sorrow, rage, and fear.  But what happened after September 11th broke my heart. Conservative Christians rallies around the drums of war. Liberal Christian took to the streets. The cross was smothered by the flag and trampled under the feet of angry protesters. The church community was lost, so the many hungry seekers found community in the civic religion of American patriotism. People were hurting and crying out for healing, for salvation in the best sense of the word, as in the salve with which you dress a wound. A people longing for a savior placed their faith in the fragile hands of human logic and military strength, which have always let us down. They have always fallen short of the glory of God. ...The tragedy of the church's reaction to September 11th is not that we rallied around the families in New York and D.C. but that our love simply reflected the borders and allegiances of the world. We mourned the deaths of each soldier, as we should, but we did not feel the same anger and pain for each Iraqi death, or for the folks abused in the Abu Ghraib prison incident. We got farther and farther from Jesus' vision, which extends beyond our rational love and the boundaries we have established. There is no doubt that we must mourn those lives on September 11th. We must mourn the lives of the soldiers. But with the same passion and outrage, we must mourn the lives of every Iraqi who is lost. They are just as precious, no more, no less. In our rebirth, every life lost in Iraq is just as tragic as a life lost in New York or D.C. And the lives of the thirty thousand children who die of starvation each day is like six September 11ths every single day, a silent tsunami that happens every week.
Thomas Hardy|Alcoholism is a genetically predisposed disease and it does run in my family. I also think I felt like a misfit. I was in the South, everybody was blonde. I just didn't feel like I fitted in. It was sort of my way of fitting.
Shannon L. Alder|If you think people in your life are normal, then you undoubtedly have not spent any time getting to know the abnormal side of them.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|The child is aware of unlimited potential, and this munificence is one of the joys of creativity.Those of use who struggle in our own ways, small or great, trickles or rivers, to create, are constantly having to unlearn what the world would teach us...
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|One thing we have learned is this: bringing compassionate, unflinching awareness to gender dynamics in groups and communities is a remarkably powerful place to begin. As in all spiritual practice, deepening awareness is itself transformative.
Jonathan Messinger, Hiding Out|How did it die?" he asked."Short circuit," I said. "Old and frayed wires."He looked at me like I was senile."Could have been disease. Violence. Or, sometimes, things die because we don't love them enough.
Abhinav Rajput|Striving for success with access of abilities and strength leads to clarity, with clarity confidence naturally comes up.
Jacob Nordby|I have come to differentiate not at all between what is spiritual and the rest of life. There is only Life, all of it is good and the more I am aware of this in every moment, the more my spirit comes alive.
Stacey Ballis, Off the Menu|I cooked with so many of the greats: Tom Colicchio, Eric Ripert, Wylie Dufresne, Grant Achatz. Rick Bayless taught me not one but two amazing mole sauces, the whole time bemoaning that he never seemed to know what to cook for his teenage daughter. Jose Andres made me a classic Spanish tortilla, shocking me with the sheer volume of viridian olive oil he put into that simple dish of potatoes, onions, and eggs. Graham Elliot Bowles and I made gourmet Jell-O shots together, and ate leftover cheddar risotto with Cheez-Its crumbled on top right out of the pan.Lucky for me, Maria still includes me in special evenings like this, usually giving me the option of joining the guests at table, or helping in the kitchen. I always choose the kitchen, because passing up the opportunity to see these chefs in action is something only an idiot would do. Susan Spicer flew up from New Orleans shortly after the BP oil spill to do an extraordinary menu of all Gulf seafood for a ten-thousand-dollar-a-plate fund-raising dinner Maria hosted to help the families of Gulf fishermen. Local geniuses Gil Langlois and Top Chef winner Stephanie Izard joined forces with Gale Gand for a seven-course dinner none of us will ever forget, due in no small part to Gil's hoisin oxtail with smoked Gouda mac 'n' cheese, Stephanie's roasted cauliflower with pine nuts and light-as-air chickpea fritters, and Gale's honey panna cotta with rhubarb compote and insane little chocolate cookies. Stephanie and I bonded over hair products, since we have the same thick brown curls with a tendency to frizz, and the general dumbness of boys, and ended up giggling over glasses of bourbon till nearly two in the morning. She is even more awesome, funny, sweet, and genuine in person than she was on her rock-star winning season on Bravo. Plus, her food is spectacular all day. I sort of wish she would go into food television and steal me from Patrick. Allen Sternweiler did a game menu with all local proteins he had hunted himself, including a pheasant breast over caramelized brussels sprouts and mushrooms that melted in your mouth (despite the occasional bit of buckshot). Michelle Bernstein came up from Miami and taught me her white gazpacho, which I have since made a gajillion times, as it is probably one of the world's perfect foods.
Jan Porter, Sacred Space, body mind soul after sexual abuse|Always stand proud in who you are,just as you are,because you have more of a positive impact in the world and the cosmos than you could ever imagine!
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|I can't believe you cheated!" "I can't believe you didn't know it. Man, what kind of got are you? I never knew stupidity had a divine representative. Guess I was wrong, huh?" "You're such an asshole."-Phobos & Diemos
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|Print, it transpired, was not just an instrument of agitation and change: now it was equally necessary to win the peace.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|In adverse circumstances, every creature becomes something else, evolving or devolving. What makes us human is that we know what we once were, and, let us hope, we remember how to change back.
Sandra Brown, Envy|I cannot count the good people I know who, to my mind, would be even better if they bent their spirits to the study of their own hungers.
Bode Miller|Yeah, well I think anyone who likes fast cars will love the Tesla. And it has fantastic handling by the way. I mean this car will crush a Porsche on the track, just crush it. So if you like fast cars, you'll love this car. And then oh, by the way, it happens to be electric and it's twice the efficiency of a Prius.
François Maspero, Cat's Grin|The faces you clutch at desperately slip away; it's when you're not thinking about them that their features flash past. It can happen on a street corner, at the turn of a staircase, because somebody said a word, because some image, an image has passed. Then the face is there for a split second, very fragile. One mustn't grasp at it, or it whisks away. One might as well try and catch a cloud. It was a cloud.
Gary Vaynerchuk|I used to think information was destroyed in black hole. This was my biggest blunder, or at least my biggest blunder in science.
Akansh Malik|If you need to scream, find a safe place, then scream.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Kill your darlings, kill your darlings, even when it breaks your egocentric little scribbler’s heart, kill your darlings.
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|Always be lenient with people and keep their privacy, as they can share their problems with you. These steps can help you in making your relationship strong.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am awesome! I accept my amazing, awesome self exactly as I am in this moment. I love myself.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I jump into color bliss, today and every day!
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|America truly is the best idea for a country that anyone has ever come up with so far. Not only because we value democracy and the rights of the individual, but because we are always our own most effective voice of descent....We must never mistake disagreement between Americans on political or moral issues to be an indication of their level of patriotism. If you don't like what I say or don't agree with where I stand on certain issues, then good. I'm glad we're in America, and don't have to oppress each other over it. We're not just a nation, we're not an ethnicity. We are a dream of justice that people have had for a thousand years.
Nancy B. Brewer, Lizzie After the War|It was a warm and natural feeling to be there. We were not black or white people. We were just people bound together by love and understanding. As I walked out of that church, I felt like I had rediscovered my inner peace.
T.A. Miles, A Bit(e) of Discretion, Please|Liz wrenched her hand from his grasp, and this time, she stepped boldly forward. “I will stay and Michael can go.”  Her voice did not waiver as she pronounced her own death sentence. No matter what happened to her, she knew she couldn’t let him die.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|If I hear any more loud voices, you will both be auctioned off on eBay. I could use the extra money.
Sarah Brianne, Nero|Nero lowered his head to speak in her ear, keeping his hands on her arms to lock her in place. “My problem is simple, Elle. I have a problem with you having no trouble saying thank you to someone else. I have a problem with you wrapping your arms around someone else. And I have a big fucking problem with you not minding kissing someone else. Not one fucking time have you done any of those things to me without my asking, or just doing it because you want to, not because I want you to.
Heather O'Reilly|If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.
Jen Wilkin|There is no victory without a war, no prize without a price, no crown without a cross
Dada Bhagwan|As long as one finds faults with the world, he won’t be able to find anything about the Soul (Self). He who sees his own faults is the Soul (Self) himself!
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|You're incredible. I can feel your power and it's more than anything I...Violet," he swallowed, watching me in awe. "It's like...It's like you're as powerful as an angel."-Lincoln
Orlando Bloom|Let me ask you a question: If you never ate a balanced diet, what would happen to your body? You know the answer: Eventually you'd grow weak; you might even open yourself to serious illness or disease. We all need a balanced diet if we are to stay healthy.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|The biggest threats to human survival today are not wars or conflict, it is modern business.
John Kenneth Galbraith, The Great Crash of 1929|Wisdom, itself, is often an abstraction associated not with fact or reality but with the man who asserts it and the manner of its assertion.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|She says, "Do you have any rubbers?" I say, I thought she was barren. "Sure, I'm sterile," she says, "but I've had unprotected sex with a million guys. I could have some terrible fatal disease." I say that would only be a problem if I wanted to live a lot longer. Fertility says, " That's how I feel about my giant credit card debt." So we have sex. If you could call it that.
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|A commission of haberdashers could alone have reported whatthe rest of her poor dress was made of, but it had a strong generalresemblance to seaweed, with here and there a gigantic tea-leaf.Her shawl looked particularly like a tea-leaf after long infusion.
Stephen King|I think that's shameful, even if it's just a story, to propose an afterlife for evil... Any afterlife notion is a manipulation and a sop. It's shameful the way the unionists and the pagans both keep talking up hell for intimidation and the airy Other Land for reward.
Noam Chomsky, Class Warfare: Interviews with David Barsamian|If you're independent-minded in school, you're probably going to get in trouble very early on. That's not the trait that's being preferred or cultivated.
Scott Stabile|You will think you take generous views of her; but you will never begin to know through what a strange sea of feeling she passed before she accepted you. As she stood there in front of you the other day, she plunged into it. She said 'Why not?' to something which, a few hours earlier, had been inconceivable. She turned about on a thousand gathered prejudices and traditions as on a pivot, and looked where she had never looked hitherto.
Damon Suede|Jeb dragged a protesting Anita toward a rapidly approaching sheriff’sfour-wheel drive. Blood dribbled through her fingers covering a gunshotwound on her arm. “Lady, I’ve never raised a hand to a woman in my life,but you are sorely testing my limits.”Chloe sympathized. If there was one thing she hated it was acondescending psycho bitch with bad taste in sweaters.
Christopher Babson|If you don't know exactly what you want, that is exactly what you will get.
Mark Haddon, A Spot of Bother|After an Indian meal they went back to Jamie's flat and Tony did at least two things to him on the sofa that no one had ever done to him before then came back and them again the following evening, and suddenly life became very good indeed.
Mooji|Throw everything away, forget about it all! You are learning too much, remembering too much, trying too hard . . . relax a little bit, give life a chance to flow its own way, unassisted by your mind and effort. Stop directing the river’s flow.
Tristan riggs|Those who will work hard will succeed,While those shop choose to slack at their work will be in need.
Ringo Starr|America: It's like Britain, only with buttons.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|As if sorrow is the true reality? Without ever putting his mind to it, he's come to believe that loss is the standard trajectory.
David Levithan|It's true, look at Erik Johnson on the dance floor. Seriously-look at him. Six feet tall, one hundred eighty pounds, all of which can be converted by the right clothes and the right song into a mass of headless joy. (the right hair helps, too). He treats his body like it's made of fireworks, each one timed to the beat. Is he dancing alone or dancing with everyone? here is the secret: it doesn't matter. he travelled for two hours to get to the city, and when it's all over, it will take him over two hours to get home. But it's worth it. Freedom isn't just about voting and marrying and kissing on the street, although all of these things are important. Freedom is also about what you will allow yourself to do.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|It’s in our nature to want to watch our human frailties played out on a huge, epic canvas. Ancient societies had anthropomorphic gods: a huge pantheon expanding into centuries of dynastic drama: fathers and sons, star-crossed lovers, warring brothers, martyred heroes. Tales that taught us the danger of hubris and the primacy of humility. It’s the everyday stuff of everyman’s life, but it’s writ large, and we love it.
Richard  Beck, Unclean: Meditations on Purity, Hospitality, and Mortality|The danger of refusing to reflect upon the psychological dynamics of faith and belief is that what we feel to be self evidently true, for psychological reasons, might be, upon inspection, highly questionable, intellectually or morally. Too often, as we all know, the 'feeling of rightness' trumps sober reflection and moral discernment. Further, we are often unwilling to listen to others until we are, to some degree, psychologically open to persuasion. The Parable of the Sower comes to mind.
Amit Chaudhuri, Odysseus Abroad|What is a great spiritual practitioner? A person who lives always in the presence of his or her own true self, someone who has found and who uses continually the springs and sources of profound inspiration. As the modern English writer Lewis Thompson wrote: 'Christ, supreme poet, lived truth so passionately that every gesture of his, at once pure Act and perfect Symbol, embodies the transcendent.'To embody the transcendent is why we are here.
Israelmore Ayivor|A while back, I came across a line attributed to IBM founder Thomas Watson. If you want to achieve excellence, he said, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
C. JoyBell C., Saint Paul Trois Chateaux: 1948|By understanding the nuances of the world around you and how to survive the temptations, you can rule anything. Even yourself
Wayne W. Dyer, The Shift: Taking Your Life from Ambition to Meaning|And he knew he would not be travelling home. If he had to wear a donkey jacket and wait for fifty years, then he would wait. At last there was a place in the world where he had reason to be, a place that had meaning. For days, without realising it, he had sensed this meaning everywhere, in the streets, houses, ruins and temples of Rome. It could not be said of the feeling that it was 'filled with pleasurable expectation'. Rome and its millennia were not by nature associated with happiness, and what Mihály anticipated from the future was not what is usually conjured up by 'pleasurable expectation'. He was awaiting his fate, the logical, appropriately Roman, ending.
Kathy Griffin|When I say or write something, there are actually a whole lot of different things I am communicating. The propositional content (i.e., the verbal information I'm trying to convey) is only one part of it. Another part is stuff about me, the communicator. Everyone knows this. It's a function of the fact there are so many different well-formed ways to say the same basic thing, from e.g. "I was attacked by a bear!" to "Goddamn bear tried to kill me!" to "That ursine juggernaut did essay to sup upon my person!" and so on.
Eric Maisel, A Writer's San Francisco: A Guided Journey for the Creative Soul|Novel writing is mostly triage (this now, that later) and obstinacy. Trying something, and when that doesn't work, trying something else. Welcoming clutter Surrendering a good idea for a better one. Knowing you won't find the finish line for a year or two, or five...
Salley Vickers, The Cleaner of Chartres|The Abbe Paul looked at Agnes rather as Alain had, with respect. 'How sensible. People are desperate to probe mysteries which for the most part are best left unprobed. It is the modern curse: this demented drive to explain every blessed thing. Not everything can be explained. Nor should be, I think.
John duover, Rites|If you have to push yourself to do it, should you be doing it in the first place? That was a question I never dared to asked myself.
Joel Miller, Size Matters: How Big Government Puts the Squeeze on America's Families, Finances, and Freedom|Somebody tells you they drink because they’re a failure, it ain’t so. They’re a failure because they drink. And they drink because it’s so damn hard not to. But as long as they have a bottle that isn’t empty, they never feel far from being happy.("Bums")
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never put your trust in men. You will be disappointed. In any situation, ask yourself, “What can I do for myself to overcome the situation”.
Susie Clevenger, Dirt Road Dreams|I am lost in my world,invisible - unknown.Moon please lend meyour light that someonewill me see me.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|We can either approach Jiu Jitsu through the lens of the "real world" or we can approach the real world through the lens of Jiu Jitsu. I have found the latter to be far more rewarding.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|The heartache of your brother and your best friend? I mean, Hayes if it's not your business, then whose business is it?
Debasish Mridha|Writing is a disease of the mind, which is expressed through a pen.
Susan Casey, The Wave: In Pursuit of the Rogues, Freaks, and Giants of the Ocean|The deep roar of the ocean.The break of waves on farther shores that thought can find.The silent thunders of the deep.And from among it, voices calling, and yet not voices, humming trillings, wordlings, and half-articulated songs of thought.Greetings, waves of greetings, sliding back down into the inarticulate, words breaking together.A crash of sorrow on the shores of Earth.Waves of joy on--where? A world indescribably found, indescribably arrived at, indescribably wet, a song of water.A fugue of voices now, clamoring explanations, of a disaster unavertable, a world to be destroyed, a surge of helplessness, a spasm of despair, a dying fall, again the break of words.And then the fling of hope, the finding of a shadow Earth in the implications of enfolded time, submerged dimensions, the pull of parallels, the deep pull, the spin of will, the hurl and split of it, the fight. A new Earth pulled into replacement, the dolphins gone.Then stunningly a single voice, quite clear."This bowl was brought to you by the Campaign to Save the Humans. We bid you farewell."And then the sound of long, heavy, perfectly gray bodies rolling away into an unknown fathomless deep, quietly giggling.
W. Somerset Maugham|Believe me, that was a happy age, before the days of architects, before the days of builders.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.
Heather Dixon|The King had advertised the old magic tea set, but for some reason, no one wanted sugar teeth that could gouge their eyes out.
Sam J. Tangredi, Futures of War|Managerial abilities, bureaucratic skills, technical expertise, and political talent are all necessary, but they can be applied only to goals that have already been defined by military policies, broad and narrow. And those policies can be only as good as strategy, operational art of war, tactical thought, and plain military craft that have gone into their making.At present, the defects of structure submerge or distort strategy and operational art, they out rightly suppress tactical ingenuity, and they displace the traditional insights and rules of military craft in favor of bureaucratic preferences, administrative convenience, and abstract notions of efficiency derived from the world of business management. First there is the defective structure for making of military decisions under the futile supervision of the civilian Defense Department; then come the deeply flawed defense policies and military choices, replete with unnecessary costs and hidden risks; finally there come the undoubted managerial abilities, bureaucratic skills, technical expertise, and political talents, all applied to achieve those flawed policies and to implement those flawed choices. By this same sequence was the fatally incomplete Maginot Line built, as were all the Maginot Lines of history, each made no better by good government, technical talent, careful accounting, or sheer hard work.Hence the futility of all the managerial innovations tried in the Pentagon over the years. In the purchasing of weapons, for example, “total package” procurement, cost plus incentive contracting, “firm fixed price” purchasing have all been introduced with much fanfare, only to be abandoned, retried, and repudiated once again. And each time a new Secretary of Defense arrives, with him come the latest batch of managerial innovations, many of them aimed at reducing fraud, waste, and mismanagement-the classic trio endlessly denounced in Congress, even though they account for mere percentage points in the total budget, and have no relevance at all to the failures of combat. The persistence of the Administrator’s Delusion has long kept the Pentagon on a treadmill of futile procedural “reforms” that have no impact at all on the military substance of our defense.It is through strategy, operational art, tactical ingenuity, and military craft that the large savings can be made, and the nation’s military strength greatly increased, but achieving long-overdue structural innovations, from the central headquarters to the combat forces, from the overhead of bases and installations to the current purchase of new weapons. Then, and only then, will it be useful to pursue fraud, waste, and mismanagement, if only to save a few dollars more after the billions have already been saved. At present, by contrast, the Defense Department administers ineffectively, while the public, Congress, and the media apply their energies to such petty matters as overpriced spare parts for a given device in a given weapon of a given ship, overlooking at the same time the multibillion dollar question of money spent for the Navy as a whole instead of the Army – whose weakness diminishes our diplomatic weight in peacetime, and which could one day cause us to resort to nuclear weapons in the face of imminent debacle. If we had a central military authority and a Defense Department capable of strategy, we should cheerfully tolerate much fraud, waste, and mismanagement; but so long as there are competing military bureaucracies organically incapable of strategic combat, neither safety nor economy will be ensured, even if we could totally eliminate every last cent of fraud, waste, and mismanagement.
Werner Heisenberg, Physics and Beyond: Encounters and Conversations|I am firmly convinced that we must never judge political movements by their aims, no matter how loudly proclaimed or how sincerely upheld, but only by the means they use to realize these aims.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The heart of man, though small, is big enough for Christ to live in, if man will only make room for Him.
Orson Scott Card|So she retreated into herself, rebuilt the damaged pathways of her mind, explored long-unvisited memories, wandered among the trillions of human lives that were open to her observation, read over the libraries of every book known to exist in every language human beings had ever spoken. She created out of all this a self that was not utterly linked to Ender Wiggin, though she was still devoted to him, still loved him above any other living soul. Jane made herself into someone who could bear to be cut off from her lover, husband, father, child, brother, friend.
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|[..]Although personally, I think cyberspace means the end of our species."Yes? Why is that?"Because it means the end of innovation," Malcolm said. "This idea that the whole world is wired together is mass death. Every biologist knows that small groups in isolation evolve fastest. You put a thousand birds on an ocean island and they'll evolve very fast. You put ten thousand on a big continent, and their evolution slows down. Now, for our own species, evolution occurs mostly through our behaviour. We innovate new behaviour to adapt. And everybody on earth knows that innovation only occurs in small groups. Put three people on a committee and they may get something done. Ten people, and it gets harder. Thirty people, and nothing happens. Thirty million, it becomes impossible. That's the effect of mass media - it keeps anything from happening. Mass media swamps diversity. It makes every place the same. Bangkok or Tokyo or London: there's a McDonald's on one corner, a Benetton on another, a Gap across the street. Regional differences vanish. All differences vanish. In a mass-media world, there's less of everything except the top ten books, records, movies, ideas. People worry about losing species diversity in the rain forest. But what about intellectual diversity - our most necessary resource? That's disappearing faster than trees. But we haven't figured that out, so now we're planning to put five billion people together in cyberspace. And it'll freeze the entire species. Everything will stop dead in its tracks. Everyone will think the same thing at the same time. Global uniformity. [..]
B. Glen Rotchin, Halbman Steals Home|He came to the conclusion that it was because there were some things you remembered with your head, like numbers, and other things you remembered with your heart, like shapes, colours, and shadows. He was a heart-memory type.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Percy: Don't I get a kiss for luck? It's kind of a tradition, right?Annabeth: Come back alive, Seaweed Brain. Then we'll see.
Adam Berlin, The Number of Missing|The digging continues ... Ground Zero it looks more and more like a construction site. Too much of the horror is gone. No fire. No smoke ... What was war becomes peace, becomes peaceful. But in the coil of my testicles there's an angry residue and in places I can't even name, places inside my throat and behind my chest, I'm sad, and sometimes worse than sad, less than sad, a cavity of empty.
Wally Lamb, The Hour I First Believed|If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
David Baker|Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation.
Kevin Hart|My mom had very low expectations for me, and she really had a point. I was a big problem at seventeen. If I had a kid like me, I would have those same expectations.
Therese May, When Justice Prevails|Water and ice made of the same thing. He thought most people were made of the same thing, too...If he had sort all the humanity by its material essence, he thought he would probably end up with a single gigantic pile. But here was the interesting thing. Ice was distinct from - and in his view, better than - what it was made of.He wanted to be better than what he was made of. In Mumbai's dirty water, he wanted to be ice. He wanted to have ideals. For self-interested reasons, one of the ideals he most wanted to have was a belief in the possibility of justice.
Gillian Jacobs|Ten years ago, I still feared loss enough to abandon myself in order to keep things stable. I'd smile when I was sad, pretend to like people who appalled me. What I now know is that losses aren't cataclysmic if they teach the heart and soul their natural cycle of breaking and healing.
Jacqueline Bisset|My grandma was so old-fashioned. She thought we were supposed to have homework every night. I would come home, and she would be like, 'Where's your homework?' and I'd be like, 'I don't have none.' She'd be like, 'I'ma call your teacher.'
Jean Hanff Korelitz|It was possible in this wonderful city for that nameless little boy -for any of its millions- to have a decent chance to scale the walls and achieve what they wished. Wealth, rank or an imposing name counted for nothing. The only credential the city asked was the boldness to dream. For those who did, it unlocked its gates and its treasures, not caring who they were or where they came from.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|Every word that he had spoken amongst the amassed beauties of Macmaster furnishings had been a link in a love-speech. It was not merely that he had confessed to her as he would have to no other soul in the world - 'To no other soul in the world,' he had said! - his doubts, his misgivings, and his fears; it was that every word he uttered and that came to her, during the lasting of that magic, had sung of passion. If he had uttered the word 'Come', she would have followed him to the bitter ends of the earth; if he had said, 'There is no hope', she would have known the finality of despair. Having said neither, she knew: 'This is our condition; so we must continue!' And she knew, too, that he was telling her that he, like her, was… oh, say, on the side of the angels.
Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition|Does it matter that people and thingsHave words,Have names?If not,Why read any book?A litany of useless lettersDetached from bone, muscle.Or are words the only things that make the muscle, bone, memory, movement,PersonReal?
Matthew Donnelly|If you should not take your thoughts seriously, then why the thoughts of others?
Emo Philips|Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Angela Verdenius, The Virgin Sex Queen|And I sort of felt her...you know." Alan made an exaggerated shape of a heart. "You touched her heart?" Mike queried. "No! Her bum. It's sort of, you know, heart shaped. Big heart."He flexed his fingers, remembering the feel of it. "Soft.
Richard Wiseman, 59 Seconds: Think a Little, Change a Lot|I just wanna say nothing is permanent in this world, only change
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|To talk well and eloquently is a very great art, but that an equally great one is to know the right moment to stop.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Lovers and madmen have such seething brains,Such shaping fantasies, that apprehendMore than cool reason ever comprehends.The lunatic, the lover and the poetAre of imagination all compact:One sees more devils than vast hell can hold,That is, the madman: the lover, all as frantic,Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt:The poet's eye, in fine frenzy rolling,Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven;And as imagination bodies forthThe forms of things unknown, the poet's penTurns them to shapes and gives to airy nothingA local habitation and a name.
Rachit|If you hate something, the best way to beat it is to be better than anyone else in it.
James Rozoff, Perchance to Dream|When you write it, don't write it in the manner of a spooky story. Don't try to give an explanation. Just say that I don't know what to make of it, just write it like I tell it, so the reader can make up his own mind.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Failure should be archived in head, not heart.
Charlotte Brontë|As far as my experience of matrimony goes -- I think it tends to draw you out of, and away from yourself.
Simon Cowell|'Kung Fury!' I mean, Jesus, that thing is amazing.
Criss Jami, Healology|If life is music, I sometimes feel as though I was born on the off-beat of the song, and I love it. As Christian numbers reportedly decrease in America, my love for Christ feels as though it increases. Perhaps that is a little strange, yes, but in all honesty, I now want to be thought unfaithful about as much as a smug aristocrat wants to be thought a hobo.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|But now at last the sacred influenceOf light appears, and rom the walls of Heav'nShoots far into the bosom of dim NightA glimmering dawn; here Nature first begins her farthest verge, and Chaos to retireAs from her outmost works a broken foeWith tumult less and with less hostile din,
Dean Koontz, Watchers|people have a natural tendency to anthropomorphize their pets, to ascribe human perceptions and intentions to the animal where none exist
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|That’s what nobody admits about men, how needy they are.
Ted Hughes, Collected Poems|Even the most misfitting childWho's chanced upon the library's worth,Sits with the genius of the EarthAnd turns the key to the whole world.--"Hear It Again
Fareed Zakaria|If you want to change the world, find someone to help you paddle.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|I laboured hard at my book, without allowing it to interfere with the punctual discharge of my newspaper duties; and it came out and was very successful. I was not stunned by the praise which sounded in my ears, notwithstanding that I was keenly alive to it, and thought better of my own performance, I have little doubt, than anybody else did. It has always been in my observation of human nature, that a man who has any good reason to believe in himself never flourishes himself before the faces of other people in order that they may believe in him. For this reason, I retained my modesty in very self-respect; and the more praise I got, the more I tried to deserve.
Daya Kudari|Sometimes you need to go through many small doors, to get to that big door of opportunity.
J.D. Robb, New York to Dallas|I wasn't going to have dessert, but it was right there, all gooey and sweet. It's like sex. I mean, when it's right there, what are you supposed to do? I wasn't going to have that either--sex--with my parents bunking in the office, but, well, it was right there.""I'll tolerate the gooey and sweet, Peabody, but I'm not thinking about you having sex with McNab, especially in the same sentence as 'my parents.'""I think they had sex, too."Eve struggled not to wince or twitch. "Do you want me to kick you down four flights of steps and make you walk up again?""I'd probably bounce all the way down, too, with all this gooey and sweet in my butt. So I guess not.""Good choice.
Kay Honeyman, Interference|Nobody ever feels they’re doing well with teenagers,' he said. 'I think that’s kind of the point of them.
Auliq Ice|To win the hearts of beautiful creatures, your stories must always be told with a joyful face, full of sweetness and love, seen at a distance with kindness.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Each and every day, more people pay the price of Obamacare's mountain of mandates. As I travel across the country, I continue to hear from Americans who want Washington to take its hands off of their healthcare.
Sam Harris, Lying|The opportunity to deceive others is ever present and often tempting, and each instance casts us onto some of the steepest ethical terrain we ever cross. Few of us are murderers or thieves, but we have all been liars. And many of us will be unable to get safely into our beds tonight without having told several lies over the course of the day.What does this say about us and about the life we are making with one another?
Matt Mullenweg|I do my best stuff midmorning and superlate at night, from 1 to 5 in the morning. Some people don't need sleep. I actually do need sleep. I just sleep all the time. I'll catch naps in the afternoon, or I'll take a 20-minute snooze in the office - just all the time. Our business is 24 hours. Our guys in Europe come online at midnight.
Alice Hoffman, The River King|Every life is precious. Please treasure each and every day, the present, the moment, and yourself.
H.P. Lovecraft|It was strange, really. A couple months ago, I had thought I couldn’t live without him. Apparently I could.
Jorge Luis Borges, Collected Fictions|Sometimes I accidentally walk into the places where I and you had spoken before, existed before, which still have the smell ofyour memories, all of a sudden it starts feeling like I have entered a dark room without a door anywhere. Where I can always hear that song I used to love once before.
Samuel Adams|We declare our right on this earth...to be a human being, to be respected as a human being, to be given the rights of a human being in this society, on this earth, in this day, which we intend to bring into existence by any means necessary.
Martin Suarez|~Remember this always:Your body and mind can be broken, but your Spirit, is unbreakable, and unchangeable~When we talk about people or circumstances breaking our spirit, what we mean is that a person has been affected emotionally to the point of feeling broken; however, NOTHING in this world has the capacity to break or change our Spirit!Our Spirit is what gives us the ability to overcome the misery and suffering experienced by our body and mind. Our spirit is what drives prisoners of war come out unbroken; our spirit is what drives the victims of rape and abuse to overcome the emotional burdens of their mind. Believe this! NOTHING can break or change your Spirit, because your spirit is above all things!
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|What it means to be human is to bring up your children in safety, educate them, keep them healthy, teach them how to care for themselves and others, allow them to develop in their own way among adults who are sane and responsibile, who know the value of the world and not its economic potential. It means art, it means time, it means all the invisibles never counted by the GDP and the census figures. It means knowing that life has an inside as well as an outside. And I think it means love.
Janosch|Be a lover of the world, it is the only way to survive in it.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|When you're living so intensely in your head there isn't any different between what you imagine and what actually takes place. Therefore, you're both omnipotent and powerless.
Lydia Minatoya, The Strangeness of Beauty|I have noticed that when people tell their own stories, often it has less to do with wanting to communicate an idea to another than with clarifying an emotion to themselves. Or when the subject of the story is beloved and missing, as a way to make them here and alive.
Shannon L. Alder|Worry does not keep it from raining tomorrow, but it does keep it from being sunny today.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk.
Paul Wellstone|There is a danger of Scottish politics being between two sets of dinosaurs... the Nationalists who can't accept they were rejected by the people, and some colleagues at Westminster who think nothing has changed.
Amy Jarecki, The Time Traveler's Christmas|My mum always taught that the truth will set you free.”	“Did she now?”	“Mm hmm,” Lachlan brushed the pad of his pointer finger over her cheek’s silken skin. “But she kept one truth hidden from me until very recently.”	“What was that?”	He gulped. “You know the truth thing on the medallion?	“Aye.”	“Well, if that’s my rallying cry, then it will mean the world to me if you trust that I’m not lying.”	She let the disk drop back to his chest. “Ye can tell me anything, I’d reckon.”	He needed to tell her the truth. “My father is – was William Wallace.
Gouverneur Morris|We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable, I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If I could remove one thing from the world and replace it with something else, I would erase politics and put art in its place. That way, art teachers would rule the world. And since art is the most supreme form of love, beautiful colors and imagery would weave bridges for peace wherever there are walls. Artists, who are naturally heart-driven, would decorate the world with their love, and in that love — poverty, hunger, lines of division, and wars would vanish from the earth forever. Children of the earth would then be free to play, imagine, create, build and grow without bloodshed, terror and fear.
Nabil N. Jamal|At the same time, we held back. Because she was different. Different. We had no one to compare her to, no one to measure her against.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|It is now recognised that dissociation is a way of forgetting, for a time. The mind siphons off the bad memories into a separate part, and reclaiming those hidden-away memories us a complex process. So, when the memories resurface it does not feel as though they belong to you, it feels alien, more as if someone had told them to you, or you had seen the images in a film.
Forrest Curran|The journey is made up of the most genuine and honest wonders of the mind, but also includes unfathomable sorrow and despair; yet, this is what makes up a journey as well as the human experience in entirety.
Demi Lovato|I don't have much experience, but the few times when I would go on a date with a girl - like when I was 12 - there was a lot of sharing, and a lot of talking, and a lot of asking how I am. They thought we were dating, and I was sort of hoping to meet their brothers.
Albrecht Durer|Dying is an art, like everything else. I do it exceptionally well. I do it so it feels like hell. I do it so it feels real. I guess you could say I've a call.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Familiar Studies of Men and Books|It shouldn't be easy to be amazing. Then everything would be. It's the things you fight for and struggle with before earning that have the greatest worth. When something's difficult to come by, you'll do that much more to make sure it's even harder―or impossible―to lose.
|Money is very important in life, but without the presence of happiness, life would feel very empty even with all the wealth the world has to offer.
Dennis Gabor, Inventing The Future|TRIAD supernal, both super-God and super-good, Guardian of the Theosophy of Christian men, direct us aright to the super-unknown and super-brilliant and highest summit of the mystic Oracles, where the simple and absolute a!nd changeless mysteries of theology lie hidden within the super-luminous gloom of the silence, revealing hidden things, which in its deepest darkness shines above the most super-brilliant, and in the altogether impalpable and invisible, fills to overflowing the eyeless minds with glories of surpassing beauty. This then be my prayer; but thou, O dear Timothy, by thy persistent commerce with the mystic visions, leave behind both sensible perceptions and intellectual efforts, and all objects of sense and intelligence, and all things not being and being, and be raised aloft unknowingly to the union, as far' as attainable, with Him Who is above every essence and knowledge. For by the resistless and absolute ecstasy in all purity, from thyself and all, thou wilt be carried on high, to the superessential ray of the Divine darkness, when thou hast cast away all, and become free from all.
Peter Ludlow, Crypto Anarchy, Cyberstates, and Pirate Utopias|What is called economic power, while it can be an instrument of coercion, is in the hands of private individuals never exclusive or complete power, never power over the whole life of a person. But centralised as an instrument of political power it creates a degree of dependence scarcely distinguishable from slavery.
Peter A. Levine|So, what role does memory play in the understanding and treatment of trauma? There is a form of implicit memory that is profoundly unconscious and forms the basis for the imprint trauma leaves on the body/mind. The type of memory utilized in learning most physical activities (walking, riding a bike, skiing, etc.) is a form of implicit memory called procedural memory. Procedural or "body memories" are learned sequences of coordinated "motor acts" chained together into meaningful actions. You may not remember explicitly how and when you learned them, but, at the appropriate moment, they are (implicitly) "recalled" and mobilized (acted out) simultaneously. These memories (action patterns) are formed and orchestrated largely by involuntary structures in the cerebellum and basal ganglia.When a person is exposed to overwhelming stress, threat or injury, they develop a procedural memory. Trauma occurs when these implicit procedures are not neutralized. The failure to restore homeostasis is at the basis for the maladaptive and debilitating symptoms of trauma.
Daniel Woodrell, Tomato Red|I slept for over a full day, as you know, but I won’t say I rested.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|Unhealthy behavior is actually common among doctors, who tend to know a lot about medicine but very little about health.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|I don't need you to tell me I'm not well, though I don't really know what's wrong with me; I think I'm five times healthier than you are.
Kate O'Hearn|Prophecy of Balance (Year of the Cat)“There must be balance,” Source repeated,“For mankind to flourish on the Earth-Throne he’s seated.”His life is a gift from the gods, they created,And the power to wield choice, but the outcome is weighted.Seeing the harm and chaos humans manifest,Wore heavily upon the goodness within their immortal breast.But the gods disagreed, and two groups they split,Each one possessing their own talent and wit.One side fights for freedom of Man’s soul,But the other wants slavery, and Man to control.So Source cried, “Enough! Now Observers will be sent,To assist with human minds you’ve cleverly bent!”For balance, the pendulum won’t sway too far to one side,And Universal Laws each god must abide.The gods agreed, but did not stop with their plan,To influence mankind as much as they can.
John Berger|A drawing is a translation. That is to say each mark on the paper is consciously realted, not only to the real or imagined "model", but also to every mark and space already set out on the paper. Thus a drawn or painted image is woven together by the energy (or the lassitude, wen the drawing is weak) of countless judgements [sic]. Every time a figuration is evoked in a drawing, everything about it has been mediated by consciousness, either intuitively or systematically.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Alone among unsympathetic companions, I hold certain views and standards timidly, half ashamed to avow them and half doubtful if they can after all be right. Put me back among my Friends and in half an hour - in ten minutes - these same views and standards become once more indisputable. The opinion of this little circle, while I am in it, outweighs that of a thousand outsiders: as Friendship strengthens, it will do this even when my Friends are far away. For we all wish to be judged by our peers, by the men "after our own heart." Only they really know our mind and only they judge it by standards we fully acknowledge. Theirs is the praise we really covet and the blame we really dread.
Idries Shah, The Elephant in the Dark|Christian scholars often say that Sufi theories are close to those of Christianity. Many Moslems maintain that they are essentially derived from Islam. The resemblance of many Sufi ideas to those of several religious and esoteric systems are sometimes taken as evidence of derivation. The Islamic interpretation is that religion is of one origin, differences being due to local or historical causes.
Sunday Adelaja|For every success, there is a system
Russell Brand|For anyone who thinks "profit" is evil, I have a challenge for you: try NOT to get any profit in the next week. Profit simply means increasing how much valuable stuff you have, and if you don't profit, you die. Literally. For example, don't buy any food for a week, because when you buy food (or anything), it's because you value the food MORE than you value the money you trade for it. If you didn't, you wouldn't make the trade. So you PROFIT (and so does the seller) every time you buy something. And every time you sell something, or work for money, etc. So before condemning "profit" (or "greed" or "selfishness," for that matter), see if you can survive without it. Then stop repeating vague collectivist BS, and learn to distinguish between "win/win" events (voluntary exchange) where BOTH sides profit, and "win/lose" events, where one side benefits by harming the other side. By the way, "government" is ALWAYS the latter.
Pascal Mercier,|Today is the day you can wipe away all those regrets you've been carrying around for far too long. Today is the day that you can put your past in your past, and let God directs your future.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It seemed as though he had a fundamental belief that the merit of his argument depended on the strength of his feelings about the matter, and since he always felt uncontrollably passionate about everything, then clearly he was always right. This irrational claptrap, coming as it did from a swarthy, excitable, plump Celtic demi-dwarf, struck me not just as thoroughly impertinent but also as a noisy and ignorant attempt to undermine the most basic principles of the Enlightenment.
Audrey Niffenger|Dare I ask Mao and his Communist Party?I fear my throat will be cut into two pieces.In the name of revolution, for thought crimes,Such questions can turn me to ashes.
Jessica Lemmon|He wasn’t looking for a soulmate. That would require having a soul to share, and he’d sold his off long ago
Vera Brittain|The fact that, within ten years, I lost one world, and after a time rose again, as it were, from spiritual death to find another, seems to me one of the strongest arguments against suicide that life can provide. There may not be - I believe that there is not - resurrection after death, but nothing could prove more conclusively than my own brief but eventful history the fact that resurrection is possible within our limited span of earthly time.
Domonique Bertolucci|We are lost, but we're making good time.
Jim Henson|As much as we think of performance management as numeric and thus perfectly quantifiable, it is as much a product of context and social science as the products we design and develop.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A star is not afraid of darkness, for its light comes from within.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Aligning your values and beliefs to your behaviour, increases your chances of being effective at living a fulfilling life without the stress of guilt-consciousness, internal strife or internal conflict
Tyler James Williams|I'm a first - I was the first person in my family born in the United States. My mom is from Croatia, and my dad is from Iran. They met at music school in Belgium. I grew up as a pianist. I was really interested in piano and sort of discovered that I was a writer when I was about 13 and started writing.
Ann Druyan|Ten long trips around the sun since I last saw that smile, but only joy and thankfulness that on a tiny world in the vastness, for a couple of moments in the immensity of time, we were one.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|Then the movie started. It was in a foreign language and had subtitles, which was fun because I had never read a movie before.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|In the body there are two creatures, and they are both in enmity with each other. For one to do anything, the other has to be subjected to it. One has a mind and the other only has an appetite. The more the mind gets, the more it is satisfied, but the more the appetite gets, the more its hunger grows; its appetite is for imaginary things, it dreams that it is eating, but when it wake, which it dreads to do, it is empty and pangs.
Michael J. McGuire, The Chlorine Revolution: Water Disinfection and the Fight to Save Lives|In the river swam the gleaming fish, which were meant for water, just as humankind is meant for love.
Rawi Hage, Carnival|If you don’t die screaming in this war, then you’re fuckin’ doing it wrong. At least I’m fucking doing it right.
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge of all living beings of the entire world is in only one Soul. But the knowledge that sees the ego and everything, as objects to be known (gneya); only that knowledge is called as the ‘Knowledge’. However, that is partial Knowledge but only from that moment it is regarded as real applied focused awareness. Where there is Knowledge, the focused applied awareness may be partial or complete.
Ai Weiwei|The general public, formerly profoundly indifferent to everything to do with building, has been shaken out of its torpor; personal interest in architecture as something that concerns every one of us in our daily lives has been very widely aroused; and the broad line of its future development are already clearly discernible.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|As the Eastern saying, by the sage Hilali, has it, 'one person who understands is worth a hundred who merely obey a custom.
Seth Godin|Anxiety is experiencing failure in advance. Tell yourself enough vivid stories about the worst possible outcome of your work and you’ll soon come to believe them. Worry is not preparation, and anxiety doesn’t make you better.
Kathryn Kennish, Switched at Birth: The True Story of a Mother's Journey|You need not fear it, but you must always bear in mind that the past is never quite as finished with you as you think you are with it.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|His mind is in bondage. He is haunted by a great, usolved doubt. He is one of those who doesn't want millions, but an answer to their questions.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There were sins whose fascination was more in the memory than in the doing of them, strange triumphs that gratified the pride more than the passions, and gave to the intellect a quickened sense of joy, greater than any joy they brought, or could ever bring, to the senses.
Batuhan Ibal|She wanted to punch her father in his snout, but she wouldn’t. He was her father after all. True, a father whose funeral rite she planned to dance at and toast with ale, but her father just the same.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|Men believe that they are accomplishing something by speaking speak in a different way from men who believe that speaking is a waste of time. Bobby Shaftoe learned most of his practical knowledge – how to fix a car, butcher a deer, throw a spiral, talk to a lady, kill a Nip – from the latter type of man. For them, trying to do anything by talking is like trying to pound in a nail with a screwdriver. Sometimes you can see the desperation spread over such a man’s face as he listens to himself speak.
David Brendan Hopes, Bird Songs of the Mesozoic: A Day Hiker's Guide to the Nearby Wild|Most European nations identify themselves with eagles or lions, with some predator or creature of the air, ascendant and belligerent. I would like to visit the country which adopts the groundhog as its mascot, somewhere peaceful, some place that curls against the secrets of the earth, a little Belgium of the imagination, tables piled high with cakes, the Sunday bells ringing (not too loudly), the light falling on rolling hillocks studded with salad greens.
Hafsa Shah|That moment when my heart stops, almost as if, it never existed..When every breath, slows down, almost as if, I never needed a single breath of air..When time stops, almost as if, seconds never mattered..In that moment, I am infinite..In that moment, I am immortal..In that moment, I am, finally, alive..
Wendy Hoffman, The Enslaved Queen: A Memoir about Electricity and Mind Control|For many years eagerly thought by your enemy to destroying your life, it's all one second of mastery for you to save your life from his deadly plans, for you to survive.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|Let the one before you not witness your inner fight;Keep your chaotic thoughts and emotions tight.For now, it is your soul that I test,Which is where yourself you manifest.It’s high time you become truly wise;Learn not to fall to evil in disguise.Confuse the one before you, as you are confused;Never let your feelings be used or abused.
Alan Gratz, Prisoner B-3087|I grab the pillows off the bed and chuck them at the reflection in the mirror of the girl I no longer know. I watch as the girl in the mirror stares back at me, sobbing pathetically. The weakness in her tears infuriates me.
Darwun St. James, Angel Sins|Are you gay, Cherie? Me, No… I’m not anything… I-I mean I prefer not to indulge, I stammered.“Really... how do you mean?”Well love has been an elusive story, like a fairytale adults tell children but I have never known any of it to be true. In reality it reminds me of religion. I am not sure God is real either, if God is real why do so many innocents suffer?Innocents suffer because it is their destiny to suffer.What? What does that mean?” I’m annoyed.God has nothing to do with it. We are born into this world to experience all that is not God-like, so we can then be inspired to reach for higher spiritual goals.I have never thought of it that way before. If that is so then I must be preparing for sainthood. Am I to think that all of my suffering as a child has been to prepare me for greatness?
Sachin Bansal|We need someone with proven conservative leadership experience, not entitlement, to be able to represent us and lead us.
Debi Mazar|I remember, when I was 7, my dad found a pregnant dog on the railroad track one day and brought her home. So my mom explained about how this dog was married but that her husband had passed away - she didn't want me to even think that a dog could have babies without being married.
Jamie McGuire|One fine moonlit night, Mortain and his Wild Hunt were riding through the countryside when they spied two maids more beautiful than any they had ever seen before. They were picking evening primrose, which only blooms in the moonlight.“The two maids turned out to be Amourna and Arduinna, twin daughters of Dea Matrona. When Mortain saw the fair Amourna, he fell instantly in love, for she was not only beautiful but light of heart as well, and surely the god of death needs lightness in his world.“But the two sisters could not be more different. Amourna was happy and giving, but her sister, Arduinna, was fierce, jealous, and suspicious, for such is the dual nature of love. Arduinna had a ferocious and protective nature and did not care for the way Mortain was looking at her beloved sister. To warn him, she drew her bow and let fly with one of her silver arrows. She never misses, and she didn’t miss then. The arrow pierced Mortain’s heart, but no one, not even a goddess, can kill the god of death.“Mortain plucked the arrow from his chest and bowed to Arduinna. ‘Thank you,’ he said. ‘For reminding me that love never comes without cost
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Sure it could get rough sometimes, but life wasn't a Hollywood movie. Shit happened. You fought, you screamed, and somehow you worked like hell to get out the other side still intact.
Francesca Lia Block, Baby Be-Bop|I wrote poetry from the time I could write. That was the only way I could begin to express who I was but the poems didn't make sense to my teachers. They didn't rhyme. They were about the wind sounds, the planets' motions, never about who I was or how I felt. I didn't think I felt anything. I was this mind more than a body or a heart. My mind photographing the stars, hearing the wind.
William Styron, Sophie's Choice|If you throw stones on my way to stumble and I fall, you try to put extra care when passing my way, lest you stumble and fall.
Debasish Mridha|To make it a habit, do it again and again until it becomes a ritual.
Doreen Valiente, Charge of the Goddess: The Mother of Modern Witchcraft|Mithorden: 'We become what we do, Zalos.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|The beast lives unhistorically; for it 'goes into' the present, like a number, without leaving any curious remainder.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Thirty years of marriage to Erasto had taught her much, namely that men were reckless by nature, full of bluster, most incompetent, the rest fortunate to have a wife to keep them from allowing their innate ineptitude to engulf all around them.
Milos Raonic|I do not share the half-in, half-out attitude to the EU of some in Britain. Britain's place is in Europe.
Nina Ardianti, Restart|Sometimes when you don’t expect to meet someone, apparently they will appear in front of you, so many times.
Kevin Costner|What we forget is that African Americans made the largest contribution to America, economically, before the Civil War of any sector of society. I read that the railroads were worth about $2 billion, but slavery was a $3 billion asset.
Brian Kolodiejchuk, Mother Teresa: Come Be My Light: The Private Writings of the "Saint of Calcutta"|What mattered to her was that she loved God, whether or not He granted her the consolation and joy of His felt presence.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me…
Constance Chuks Friday|Stop being okay with the norm, seek to transform.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|He wasn't good with this sort of thing - with the back-and-forth dance between man and woman. He wasn't even sure if they were dancing, or if she was merely being polite.
Bob Newhart|It is a mistake for women to think that life begins only with marriage. A woman can and must have an identity and feel useful, valued, and needed whether she is single or married. She must feel that she can do something for someone else that no one else ever born can do.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Of course there always will be darkness but I realize now something inhabits it. Historical or not. Sometimes it seems like a cat, the panther with its moon mad gait or a tiger with stripes of ash and eyes as wild as winter oceans. Sometimes it's the curve of a wrist or what's left of romance, still hiding in the drawer of some long lost nightstand or carefully drawn in the margins of an old discarded calendar. Sometimes it's even just a vapor trail speeding west, prophetic, over clouds aglow with dangerous light. Of course these are only images, my images, and in the end they're born out of something much more akin to a Voice, which though invisible to the eye and frequently unheard by even the ear still continues, day and night, year after year, to sweep through us all.
James Lileks, Mommy Knows Worst: Highlights from the Golden Age of Bad Parenting Advice|My heart filled with Nick's smile, with the look of sheer adoration he gave me as he lugged the bucket. In the space of an instant, I felt it again—the crumbling of an old part of me, the growth of something new. The changing of my heart into a mother's heart. It happened at the strangest times, in the most unexpected ways. Nick looked at me, and the love I felt for him was almost painful in its intensity. I'd never known I had it in me, the capacity to love this way. ... But when Nick looked at me, my mind tumbled through nights and mornings, seasons and years in the future. ... I saw a future like none I'd ever imagined. I wanted it, every minute of it.
John C. Maxwell|Leadership is not about titles, positions or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The Christmas spiritwhispers softly in my ear,"Go be of good cheer.
Brion Gysin|The resulting texts always took a narrative term, enigmatic at first but ultimately explicit and often premonitory. The semantic distribution of these basic elements diverted them from their original meaning, thus revealing their real significance. Henceforth, every form of writing will consist of an operation of decoding, of contamination, and of sense perversion. All this because all language is essentially mystification, and everything is fiction.
Alastair Campbell|Holiness, not happiness, is the chief end of man.
A.G. Roemmers|The most important thing is to be as attentive and aware as possible, with our senses awakened and our ability to love utterly intact, so that we can exist right here and right now, and enjoy life and be creative, trapped in neither the past nor the future.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You know you made it, when your friends tell their friends that you are their friend.
Barbara Brown Taylor, Leaving Church: A Memoir of Faith|Humility is not a one time lesson that comes when you have lost everything. It is a daily reminder of how far we have come, yet still short of who we can be through HIS guidance. Blessed is the soul that can recognize that he isn’t moving mountains, but God is for him.
Marie Osmond|Poetry is a beautiful way of expressing feelings - happy, sad, angry, caring. It's also a way that we share with other people, to help them with those feelings.
Brianna Wiest|Happy people know suffering more than anyone else, and that’s how they can see just how damn beautiful their lives are. It’s because they’ve seen the depths.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|He stopped his act to take a snapshot of that instant he would so treasure- her delightful laughter that could make him do anything, anything at all, in the world and beyond!
John Godfrey Saxe|What really mattered, Alex supposed, was not how the world saw you, but how you saw yourself, and whether you and the people around you treated one another with respect.
Regina Derieva|With people you can never tell, Will they have changed when next we meet? But here in my dear old home at least, The plums still smell as sweet. / 人はいさ 心も知らず ふるさとは 花ぞ昔の 香ににほひける
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk the Talking Dog|Sometimes we look at life from the perspective of our own problems and, in so doing, ignore how fortunate we are.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|He is now judging himself, harshly, by his captors' rules.
Soraya Lane, Wives Of War|Before the war, she'd never have gone out in the rain and happily stood in it. Now, it was a reminder that she was alive...
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|I like Carson. I really like Carson. I can hand an idea to him that's still a little rough, and he can turn it over and tumble it and hand it back to me shining. And I can do the same for him.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|If you do nothing, you’ll have nothing. If you do something spectacular, you will have something spectacular.
Carsen Taite, Beyond Innocence|Like snowflakes in a blizzard, each of us is unique. Within each of us, there is a common desire to heal and thrive despite our injury. None of us has the power to change our past, but we each have the capacity to change how the past affects us today.
Kaiden Blake|Raise your children to love and embrace others. Tell them they are beautiful; they may grow up to be stars one day, and "beautiful" will never mean as much in a magazine as it will coming from you.
Jaiendra Puri|You are new here, so I will explain. In this land, nobility comes not from one’s fathers or a title or from the land one owns, but from one’s actions.” His voice was hard-edged, and his words seemed harsh to her. “The MacKinnon brothers are the highest nobility to those who live on the frontier—true warriors, men who know how to fight and survive, men who put the lives of others before their own. Your family’s wealth, your title, your virtue—they mean nothing out here. They won’t fill your belly, and they won’t keep you alive. What matters most right now is your survival. (Joseph to Lady Sarah)
Enid Blyton, Five Go Off in a Caravan|The value of the myth is that it takes all the things we know and restores to them the rich significance which has been hidden by ‘the veil of familiarity.’ The child enjoys his cold meat, otherwise dull to him, by pretending it is buffalo, just killed with his own bow and arrow. And the child is wise. The real meat comes back to him more savory for having been dipped in a story…by putting bread, gold, horse, apple, or the very roads into a myth, we do not retreat from reality: we rediscover it.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Creativity needs encouragement as food, and conflict to spark it.
Jean Genet, The Balcony|You must now go home, where everything -- you can be quite sure -- will be falser than here....You must go now. You'll leave by the right, through the alley....
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Thus identified with astronomy, in proclaiming truths supposed to be hostile to Scripture, Geology has been denounced as the enemy of religion. The twin sisters of terrestrial and celestial physics have thus been joint-heirs of intolerance and persecution—unresisting victims in the crusade which ignorance and fanaticism are ever waging against science. When great truths are driven to make an appeal to reason, knowledge becomes criminal, and philosophers martyrs. Truth, however, like all moral powers, can neither be checked nor extinguished. When compressed, it but reacts the more. It crushes where it cannot expand—it burns where it is not allowed to shine. Human when originally divulged, it becomes divine when finally established. At first, the breath of a rage—at last it is the edict of a god. Endowed with such vital energy, astronomical truth has cut its way through the thick darkness of superstitious times, and, cheered by its conquests, Geology will find the same open path when it has triumphed over the less formidable obstacles of a civilized age.
Khalid Tareen|I only want to express the black part of me, the part of me that’s twisted. When something is fun, it’s fun for only that moment, right. But the bad stuff, the pain, we bring it with us for days. And depending on how deep the wound, we might not be able to forget for a year or two. First off, It’s impossible for anyone to sustain fun for 2 years. In short, I have no interest in expressing the ethereal.
Ellis Peters, The Potter's Field|Every man has within him only one life and one nature ... It behooves a man to look within himself and turn to the best dedication possible those endowments he has from his Maker. You do no wrong in questioning what once you held to be right for you, if now it has come to seem wrong. Put away all thought of being bound. We do not want you bound. No one who is not free can give freely.
C.K. Webb|Dear Literary World, Sorry for breaking down your door...I'll pay for that!!! Since I'm here and planning to stay a while, let me tell you some stories!!
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|When adversity strikes, that's when you have to be the most calm. Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have the feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.
C. JoyBell C.|The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|I imagine the feelings of two people meeting after many years. In the past they spent some time together, and therefore they think they are linked by the same experience, the same recollections. The same recollections? That's where the misunderstanding starts: they don't, have the same recollections; each of them retains two or three small scenes from the past, but each has his own; their recollections are not similar; they don't intersect.
Sarah Hall, Haweswater|The more bleach in the bedsheets, the greater Chastity's impulse to roll around in them. A party would be thrown, she decided, the kind that would tell a small story in the contents of the dustpan the next morning. Detached sequins and mint leaves muddled by high heels, shrimp tales mixed in with a few shards of broken glass, a crust of bread. She rolled in her bleached sheets until they wrapped around her like a storm, and she fell asleep in the eye of it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is felt in the heart. This is why your heart should always be your ultimate temple. Sitting inside on a blue towering altar, is you’re where you find your conscience. This is where all conversations with God stream.
Elaine  White, Right Kind of Wrong|He thought he could remove the Tam-façade that he put on, to convince people that he was bulletproof and strong. That was a lie, and if he expected to get through this break up, he would have to put that mask back on and toughen up.
Renee Carlino, After the Rain|The fear of abandonment forced me to comply as a child, but I’m not forced to comply anymore. The key people in my life did reject me for telling the truth about my abuse, but I’m not alone. Even if the consequence for telling the truth is rejection from everyone I know, that’s not the same death threat that it was when I was a child. I’m a self-sufficient adult and abandonment no longer means the end of my life.
Jeanine Basinger|... this film taps perfectly into the viewers’ sense of the world. It was a big, big hit, and one of Hollywood’s best-remembered marriage movies, although by grounding itself in trendy political issues, it avoids ordinary day-to-day marital problems. Its bottom line is, however, marry your own kind.
Debasish Mridha|By taking systematic actions and by focusing on beauty, for sure we can change our society.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|I think men mostly have to learn to be anarchists. Women don’t have to learn.”Vokep shook his head grimly. “It’s the kids,” he said. “Having babies. Makes ’em propertarians. They won’t let go.” He sighed. “Touch and go, brother, that’s the rule. Don’t ever let yourself be owned.
G. Willow Wilson|The force that played havoc with the cortisol in my blood was the same force that helped my body recover; if I felt better one day and worse the next, it was unchanged. It chose no side. It gave the girl next to me in the hospital pneumonia; it also gave her white blood cells that would resist the infection. And the atoms in those cells, and the nuclei in those atoms, the same bits of carbon that were being spun into new planets in some corner of space without a name. My insignificance had become unspeakably beautiful to me. That unified force was a god too massive, too inhuman, to resist with the atheism in which I had been brought up. I became a zealot without a religion.
Sara Sheridan|You become a man when, in having children, you not only physically look after and protect them but also protect them with all the love and learning you have to give.
Denis Villeneuve|My definition of a decent society is one that first of all takes care of its losers, and protects its weak.
V. S. Pritchett|Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If life is a stage and you are your own agent, then don’t hesitate to play the character you wish to play.
Jacob Nordby|With poetry and writing, the question isn’t “do you know the right words?”.The real question is, “can you make words from the unwordable, chisel blocks of raw silence into shapes and touch our souls?
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Life is a chain of events executed in a way which is - most convenient to ‘you’, ‘your’ dreams & people ‘you’ desire to be with & people you have been put up to live with...
Andy Murray|Everyone has to try to give back as much as possible because I think in all sports it helps kids to have role models or people to look up to. Someone like Jess Ennis, I know a lot of young girls have started to get into athletics stuff because of her, because of her success.
Shannon L. Alder|They built a city of their dreams, with a thriving gift economy and vibrant culture that encouraged all participants to let loose their wildest, most glorious freak. They weren’t protesting; they were celebrating.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Nobody owes anybody a living, but everybody is entitled to a chance.
Patricia Love, The Emotional Incest Syndrome: What to do When a Parent's Love Rules Your Life|We cannot selectively numb emotions, when we numb the painful emotions, we also numb the positive emotions.Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.
Zadie Smith|And it's time people told the truth about beautiful women. They do not shimmer down staircases. They do not descend, as was once supposed, from on high, attached to nothing other than wings.
|If I have learned one thing from experience, it is this: never underestimate how extraordinarily difficult it is to understand a situation from another person's point of view.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|When reading the history of the Jewish people, of their flight from slavery to death, of their exchange of tyrants, I must confess that my sympathies are all aroused in their behalf. They were cheated, deceived and abused. Their god was quick-tempered unreasonable, cruel, revengeful and dishonest. He was always promising but never performed. He wasted time in ceremony and childish detail, and in the exaggeration of what he had done. It is impossible for me to conceive of a character more utterly detestable than that of the Hebrew god. He had solemnly promised the Jews that he would take them from Egypt to a land flowing with milk and honey. He had led them to believe that in a little while their troubles would be over, and that they would soon in the land of Canaan, surrounded by their wives and little ones, forget the stripes and tears of Egypt. After promising the poor wanderers again and again that he would lead them in safety to the promised land of joy and plenty, this God, forgetting every promise, said to the wretches in his power:—'Your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness and your children shall wander until your carcasses be wasted.' This curse was the conclusion of the whole matter. Into this dust of death and night faded all the promises of God. Into this rottenness of wandering despair fell all the dreams of liberty and home. Millions of corpses were left to rot in the desert, and each one certified to the dishonesty of Jehovah. I cannot believe these things. They are so cruel and heartless, that my blood is chilled and my sense of justice shocked. A book that is equally abhorrent to my head and heart, cannot be accepted as a revelation from God.When we think of the poor Jews, destroyed, murdered, bitten by serpents, visited by plagues, decimated by famine, butchered by each, other, swallowed by the earth, frightened, cursed, starved, deceived, robbed and outraged, how thankful we should be that we are not the chosen people of God. No wonder that they longed for the slavery of Egypt, and remembered with sorrow the unhappy day when they exchanged masters. Compared with Jehovah, Pharaoh was a benefactor, and the tyranny of Egypt was freedom to those who suffered the liberty of God.While reading the Pentateuch, I am filled with indignation, pity and horror. Nothing can be sadder than the history of the starved and frightened wretches who wandered over the desolate crags and sands of wilderness and desert, the prey of famine, sword, and plague. Ignorant and superstitious to the last degree, governed by falsehood, plundered by hypocrisy, they were the sport of priests, and the food of fear. God was their greatest enemy, and death their only friend.It is impossible to conceive of a more thoroughly despicable, hateful, and arrogant being, than the Jewish god. He is without a redeeming feature. In the mythology of the world he has no parallel. He, only, is never touched by agony and tears. He delights only in blood and pain. Human affections are naught to him. He cares neither for love nor music, beauty nor joy. A false friend, an unjust judge, a braggart, hypocrite, and tyrant, sincere in hatred, jealous, vain, and revengeful, false in promise, honest in curse, suspicious, ignorant, and changeable, infamous and hideous:—such is the God of the Pentateuch.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Why are my sons followed thus by darkness?'...'Because they were born in the house of flesh, therefore death follows at their heels.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|ON PROBLEMSOur choicest planshave fallen through,our airiest castlestumbled over,because of lineswe neatly drewand later neatlystumbled over.
Tanmaya Guru|I don't know what is in my destiny, but I want to be sitting on top of the highest peak of the sky.
Alain Ducasse|Everywhere I travel around my home state of Wyoming - but also around the country - I continue to hear, 'How can Washington make us buy something we don't want to buy, a product? They can't tell us to buy breakfast cereal or something else - how can they do that?'
Oprah Winfrey, What I Know for Sure|When we do what's right, regardless of circumstances or consequences, we set the table for God to turn the tables. All we need to do is stand up, step in, or step out.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|A battle lost or won is easily described, understood, and appreciated, but the moral growth of a great nation requires reflection, as well as observation, to appreciate it.
L.J. Smith, Nightfall|Witches never existed, except in people’s minds. All there was in the olden days was women and some men who believed in herbal cures and in folklore and in the wish to fly. Witches? We’re all witches in one way or another. Witches was the invention of mankind, son. We’re all witches beneath the skin.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|Beautiful feelings soar freely, while true care roots deeply. Real love can only bedefined by them both.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago, 1918-1956: An Experiment in Literary Investigation V-VII|Power is a poison well known for thousands of years. If only no one were ever to acquire material power over others! But to the human being who has faith in some force that holds dominion over all of us, and who is therefore conscious of his own limitations, power is not necessarily fatal. For those, however, who are unaware of any higher sphere, it is a deadly poison. For them there is no antidote.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|I have trouble controlling my base emotions when the moon is full, but anger is the hardest for me. If I'm mad, I turn into the Hulk. Except I'm not green.
Rasheed Ogunlaru, Soul Trader: Putting the Heart Back into Your Business|Tomorrow's leaders will not lead dictating from the front, nor pushing from the back. They will lead from the centre - from the heart
Betty  Smith|Yes, when I get big and have my own home, no plush chairs and lace curtains for me. And no rubber plants. I'll have a desk like this in my parlor and white walls and a clean green blotter every Saturday night and a row of shining yellow pencils always sharpened for writing and a golden-brown bowl with a flower or some leaves or berries always in it and books . . . books . . . books. . . .
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Prayer is the most powerful weapon we have in our spiritual arsenal to stand against the world’s greatest enemy, the one who presents himself as an angel of light [2 Corinthians 11:14].
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|Your thoughts, your words are reflections of who you truly are and who you could become. Be careful what you think of and of what you speak of for these can manifest in your life. So why not throw away all those negativity and just remain open to positivity?" - Elizabeth's Quotes
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|On my more difficult days, I'm not sure what's more of a pain in my ass -- being black or being a woman. I'm happy to be both of these things, but the world keeps intervening.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|...the longer one stays in full flight from reality, the more painful will be the landing.
Terry Pratchett, Theatre of Cruelty|For millennia philosophers and saints have tried to reason out a logical scheme for the universe... until Hilda came along and demonstrated that the universe is not logical but whimsical, its structure depending solely on the dreams and nightmares of non-logical dreamers.
Roy T. Bennett|When you begin to do what matters most to you, you let go of preconceived notions of who you are which have been fostered by others and start creating the person you most want to be.
Diogenes|It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.
Euphoria Godsent|The mere fact that I exist, means that I deserve to be here and to express myself any damn way I please.
Nazim Ambalath|Build trust, friendship, a harmonious relationship that moves you up in life.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|What do I have to do to convince you that I'm only using Dabria for one reason, one only reason: Destroy Hank, bit by bit if is necessary,and make him pay for all the things he has done to harm the girl I love?
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Literary criticism can be no more than a reasoned account of the feeling produced upon the critic by the book he is criticizing. Criticism can never be a science: it is, in the first place, much too personal, and in the second, it is concerned with values that science ignores. The touchstone is emotion, not reason. We judge a work of art by its effect on our sincere and vital emotion, and nothing else. All the critical twiddle-twaddle about style and form, all this pseudoscientific classifying and analysing of books in an imitation-botanical fashion, is mere impertinence and mostly dull jargon.
Nicholas Sparks, Two By Two|…Henry is tired of winter,& haircuts, & a squeamish comfy ruin-prone proud national mind, & Spring (in the city so called)Henry likes Fall.Hé would be prepared to líve in a world of Fállfor ever, impenitent Henry.But the snows and summers grieve and dream;These fierce & airy occupations, and love,raved away so many of Henry’s yearsit is a wonder that, with in each handone of his own mad books and all,ancient fires for eyes, his head full& his heart full, he's making ready to move on.
Eyvind Johnson|It is essential that we enable young people to see themselves as participants in one of the most exciting eras in history, and to have a sense of purpose in relation to it.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|Experiment with grounding yourself with who you are, not what you do.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|Were the judgments of mankind correct, custom would be regulated by the good. But it is often far otherwise in point of fact; for, whatever the many are seen to do, forthwith obtains the force of custom. But human affairs have scarcely ever been so happily constituted as that the better course pleased the greater number. Hence the private vices of the multitude have generally resulted in public error, or rather that common consent in vice which these worthy men would have to be law.
Dimitri Zaik|I was curious as to how my words started circulating at such an alarming rate. After all, every author waits to be discovered by someone. Anyone. And so I found myself smack bang in the middle of the mad hatters head, and as someone put it, Tumblr might actually be worse than that. But yes, futilely, I was attempting to discover the elusive origin of my words by tracing back notes until I came across my quote right next to a selfie of a stripper, or hooker, with a fox tail butt plug... and that was when I stopped.
Dara Reidyr|If you become too readily available to people, they begin to take you for granted; pull away, and they will clamor for you. It's a subconscious thing our society has created in the minds of the masses. This is why most of the "greats" didn't become recognized until after their death. If you're overlook, rejoice, maybe your one of the future greats.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|A small and sinister snow seems to be coming down relentlessly at present. The radio says it is eventually going to be sleet and rain, but I don't think so; I think it is just going to go on and on, coming down, until the whole world...etc. It has that look.
Etgar Keret|Quand le doigt montre le ciel, l’imbécile regarde le doigt. [When a finger is pointing up to the sky, only a fool looks at the finger.]
J.D. Stroube|Over the years, I learned to smile or laugh when I was supposed to. I kept my true self hidden; I did not need to unleash my pain on the world around me. Instead, I taught myself to ignore it. I did not realize that the pain was eating away at my soul.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|There is no time to waste in life and there is no cut and paste as well, only copy and paste – you can only emulate others
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Dick called, but he just left dirty voice-mail messages. Let's just say if I'm ever in the market for a massage involving canola oil and marabou feathers, I'm covered.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|Medicine is a bit like love," Aunt Gertrude began. "There are the theatrical outer forms gone through by the players-the bandages and injections and extractions, the flowers and love notes and dances-but the real work is always happening out of sight. In here," she added, tapping herself on the heart.
Mike Pompeo|Great companies in the way they work, start with great leaders.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Divinities of the soul are life, light and love.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|Against The Stream is more than just another book about meditation. It is a manifesto and field guide for the front lines of the revolution. It is the culmination of almost two decades of meditative dissonance from the next generation of Buddhists in the West, It is a call to awakening for the sleeping masses.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|The view wasn't exactly breath-taking. Kind of boring actually. Unless, of course, you had a rare, strong appreciation for deserts, in which case it was downright mind blowing.
Amy Carmichael, A Very Present Help: Life Messages of Great Christans|A voice said, "Climb." And he said, "How shall I climb?the mountains are so steep that I cannot climb."The voice said, "Climb or die."He said, "But how?I see no way up those steep ascents. This that is asked is too hard for me."The voice said, "Climb, or perish, soul and body of theemind and spirit of thee. There is no second chance for any son of man. Climb or die."Then he remembered that he had read in the books of the bravest climbers on the hills of the earth that sometimes they were aware of the presence of a Companion on the mountains who was not one of the earthly party of climbers. And he rememberd a word in the Book of Mountaineers...it heartened him,for it told him that he was created to walk in precarious places, not on the easy levels of life.
Hunter S. Thompson|If something's important enough, you should try. Even if you - the probable outcome is failure.
Hans Koningsberger|You know? Ain’t it ironic how we live our entire lives without the luxury of time, only to spend an eternity in death.
Winston S. Churchill|If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. 
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|When the wind blows here, it is your wind; and when the water gurgles among the rocks, it speaks only to you. The mountain stands so that only your eyes can view its glory, and the hill for only your legs to challenge its upward slope. Upon this land you took your first steps, and upon it you swear to take your last. It is always to this place that you feel compelled to return—home.
Sophie Turner|Each one of us can do a good deed, every day and everywhere. In hospitals in desperate need of volunteers, in homes for the elderly where our parents and grandparents are longing for a smile, a listening ear, in the street, in our workplaces and especially at home.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|She was a genius of sadness, immersing herself in it, separating its numerous strands, appreciating its subtle nuances. She was a prism through which sadness could be divided into its infinite spectrum.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|That frontier operated as a rough and ready homeostatic device; the more a state pressed its subjects, the fewer subjects it had. The frontier underwrote popular freedom.
Edward Irving|Given his personality, I’d say exorcism makes perfect sense as a favored pastime.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|In order to fly you have to create space in the open air so that your wings can really spread out. It’s like a parachute. They only work from a high altitude. To fly you have to begin taking risks. If you don’t want to, maybe the best thing is just to give up, and keep walking forever.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies|Of all the weapons she had commanded, Elizabeth knew the least of love; and of all the weapons in the world, love was the most dangerous.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|The mind is strong. It survives, even without thought. Even with everything taken away, it holds a seed—your self.
Felicity Brandon, Disciplinary Action|My turn?” asks the blond from behind me. “Didn’t you say she deserved a good spanking for her recent misdemeanours Mike?” His voice has taken on a husky, carnal quality since our introduction at the bench, and I suspect there is another hard cock waiting for me. I struggle impatiently at the thought.“Absolutely Niall,” Mike replies, “but not here. I want her punished in public, to make sure she remembers the lesson. Sean, pull in at the next layby will you...
Spuds Crawford|He asked me if I ever prayed-- and I lied.Then he asked me if I ever got an answer, or a sign that my prayer was heard-- and I told him the truth."Yeah... me neither."His hands sounded like leather as he slowly rubbed some warmth into his knotted knuckles."So what happens to all of those lost prayers?"I didn't know if I should tell him the truth of what I really believed... or not.I put my hand on his slumping shoulder, smiled and told him the truth of what I believe, "Don't worry...
Jayden Hunter, Undressed To The Nines|I trust myself. Beyond that, I’d just as soon go to Vegas. ~ Drew Stirling
Jung Chang|Every family is dysfunctional, whether you want to admit it or not.
Vint Cerf|It's so funny: whenever there's a new technology introduced, there's always this fear it's going to end entertainment as we know it. When records came around, they were going to be the end of live music. Nobody would ever want to go see live music again.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|This is the most profound spiritual truth I know: that even when we're most sure that love can't conquer all, it seems to anyway. It goes down into the rat hole with us, in the guise of our friends, and there it swells and comforts. It gives us second winds, third winds, hundredth winds.
Fela Durotoye|being different can work for the individual who are comfortable with themselves, and most importantly work hard to achieve greatness.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|If we will turn to God in prayer, and if we will seek His comfort through His Words in the Bible, we will find our hearts and minds healed.
Kate Bornstein S. Bear Bergman|A husband or wife did not have the right either to demand sex from his or her spouse or to refuse it, and there was a catalogue of forbidden sexual practices, notably homosexuality, bestiality, certain sexual positions, masturbation, the use of aphrodisiacs, and oral sex, which could incur a penance of three years’ duration. Nor were people to make love on Sundays, holy days, or feast days, or during Lent, pregnancy, or menstruation. People believed that if these rules were disobeyed, deformed children or lepers might result.
Rotraut Susanne Berner, Definitely Not for Little Ones|I'm here because all fairy tales take place in the woods, King Cole, even those that don't.
Kabir, One Hundred Poems of Kabir|Between the poles of the conscious and the unconscious, there has the mind made a swing:Thereon hang all beings and all worlds, and that swing never ceases its sway. (pg. 16)
Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist|A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
Faith Sullivan, Unexpected|Eventually the real world intruded again, and Sophie had to return to campus—woefully behind on homework, but incandescently in love.
Donna Lynn Hope|Life is all Love, unless you are with right people.
Shakieb Orgunwall|Even when we're right, we may be wrong. If--in the process of debate--we've hurt the heart of another being, it matters not whether we issued a perfectly executed unbroken chain of logic. In the end, that's an argument we've lost, because whatever we might have gained in intellectual pride, we surely lost in character.
Debasish Mridha|It is almost impossible to write about those moments and feelings of indescribable joy and ecstasy which only a soul can realize. Your silent, pleasant, and blissful presence often gives me those moments.
Leon Trotsky|Critics in New York are made by their dislikes, not by their enthusiasms.
Halsey|Every year, tens of millions of salmon return to the pristine shores of Bristol Bay in Alaska. They linger in the bay's cool, shallow waters before charging up nearby streams to spawn and create another generation of wild salmon.
Jose James|I mean, I was just one of the ones who got exposed, and because of the position I was in, where I was in my life, it went mainstream. A lot of people got out of it after my situation, not because I went to prison but because it was sad for them to see me go through something that was so pointless, that could have been avoided.
Auliq Ice|Most people who watch a fight think it's all about the muscle: hitting harder, moving faster. And, yeah, sometimes it looked that way. But telling somebody that you won a fight by hitting the other person harder and more often was like telling somebody that the way you kept from drowning was by moving your arms and legs.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|Okay.' I can feel the letters vomit off my tongue.O.K.A. Y.I watch the vet insert the syringe into the catheter and inject the second drug. And then the adventures come flooding back:The puppy farm.The gentle untying of the shoelace.THIS! IS! MY! HOME! NOW!Our first night together.Running on the beach.Sadie and Sophie and Sophie Dee.Shared ice-cream cones.Thanksgivings.Tofurky.Car rides.Laughter.Eye rain.Chicken and rice.Paralysis.Surgery.Christmases.Walks.Dog parks.Squirrel chasing.Naps.Snuggling.'Fishful Thinking.'The adventure at sea.Gentle kisses.Manic kisses.More eye rain.So much eye rain.Red ball.The veterinarian holds a stethoscope up to Lily's chest, listening for her heartbeat.All dogs go to heaven.'Your mother's name is Witchie-Poo.' I stroke Lily behind her ears the way that used to calm her. 'Look for her.'OH FUCK IT HURTS.I barely whisper. 'She will take care of you.
John Ehle, The Land Breakers|I'm afraid my jealousy is a beast I find difficult to tame," he said with a sigh.
Andrew  Smith, Grasshopper Jungle|This was exhausting. If she was going to make this kind of emotional investment in someone, he should at least be a proper boyfriend. But for a casual fling? She could drive herself crazy.
Dr Henry George Charles Clarke|London was but a foretaste of this nomadic civilization which is altering human nature so profoundly, and throws upon personal relations a stress greater than they have ever borne before. Under cosmopolitanism, if it comes, we shall receive no help from the earth. Trees and meadows and mountains will only be a spectacle, and the binding force that once exercised on character must be entrusted to Love alone. May Love be equal to the task!
Chloe Huang|If you're having a bad day, just remember, like my videos, life will only get better!
Jodi Taylor, What Could Possibly Go Wrong?|Rome sees some bloke from the London School of Economics on the telly while he’s flicking through the channels. This chap makes the point that governments don’t actually do anything for us. The only thing that makes them boss is that they control all the currency. Historically, anyone proposing an alternative to cash is brutally suppressed, but then historically they haven’t got the Internet, which makes such things much easier to set up; much harder to crack down on.
Jerry Herron|You might have liked the United States more,”” she said. “They’ve got more stuff. And if your spaceship is broken, they can probably fix it better.
Dr. Teresa L. DeCicco|The information received from dreams is truly the greatest guidance anyone could ever ask for." The Giant Compass
J.P. Morgan|Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see farther.
Jim Morrison|Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|His whole effort, therefore, will be to get the man’s mind off the subject of his own value altogether. He would rather the man thought himself a great architect or a great poet and then forgot about it, than that he should spend much time and pains trying to think himself a bad one. Your efforts to instil either vain glory or false modesty into the patient will therefore be met from the Enemy’s side with the obvious reminder that a man is not usually called upon to have an opinion of his own talents at all, since he can very well go on improving them to the best of his ability without deciding on his own precise niche in the temple of Fame...The Enemy will also try to render real in the patient’s mind...the doctrine that they did not create themselves, that their talents were given them, and that they might as well be proud of the colour of their hair...Even of his sins the Enemy does not want him to think too much: once they are repented, the sooner the man turns his attention outward, the better the Enemy is pleased
Shannon L. Alder|I gave up something I wanted for something I need. And I need you, Angel.
Max von Sydow|I was always getting told off by my choir teacher for, you know, riffing when I shouldn't.
Hilary Swank|I ended up dropping out of high school. I'm a high school dropout, which I'm not proud to say, ... I had some teachers that I still think of fondly and were amazing to me. But I had other teachers who said, 'You know what? This dream of yours is a hobby. When are you going to give it up?' I had teachers who I could tell didn't want to be there. And I just couldn't get inspired by someone who didn't want to be there
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you don’t fight for your dreams, you won’t earn anything. If you don’t anything, you will beg for everything.
Debasish Mridha|You're born with the power of love, why you are looking for power of destruction?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The paramount terror that plagues humankind is to live a meaningless life of an exile, an incomplete person whom fails to experience the rapture of living in an astonishing manner.
Carlos Slim|I think it's important for people to stay human and remember that genuine human connection is more fulfilling than anything that technology has to offer. We all have it within us, and music is something that can bring that out of us.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|I decided then that when I met someone I thought was as beautiful as the song, I should give it to that person. And I didn't mean beautiful on the outside. I meant beautiful in all ways. So, I was giving it to Sam
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Parent|The more a family can be splintered apart, the weaker and more ineffectual they become, and the more the enemy has control of their lives. One way to avoid this is through prayer. When you cover your family relationships in prayer, whether it be with your children, parents, stepparents, brothers, sisters, grandparents, husband, or wife, there will be far fewer instances of strained or severed relationships.
Ane Krstevska|Make the best of life while it last, tomorrow is a gift
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|I'll carry you." But she was already holding on, and though she knew she'd have to soon, she didn't see how she'd ever be able to let go of him.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|Although we're made right with God by faith, and not by works, the effectiveness of our prayers is often tied to the holiness of our lives.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|as Schulz himself has pointed out, Snoopy is capable of being 'one of the meanest' members of the entire Peanuts cast ... he is lazy, he is a 'chow-hound' without parallel, he is bitingly sarcastic, he is frequently a coward, and he often becomes quite weary of being what he is basically -- a dog. He is, in other words, a fairly drawn caricature for what is probably the typical Christian.
Virginia Alison|Spreading its wings, her love stretched out and touching his tangled, frozen soul and from the first word, became ensnared in its icy grip where it remained, intrinsically entwined within an alternating web of dreams and nightmares. Forever lost, forever lost...
Walker Percy|Youth, what man's age is like to be, doth show; We may our ends by our beginnings know.
Henry Adams|As soon seek roses in December, ice in June,Hope constancy in wind, or corn in chaffBelieve a woman or an epitaphOr any other thing that’s falseBefore you trust in critics.
Ginny L. Yttrup, Words|Sometimes keeping a secret seems like the right thing to do because telling the truth might hurt someone and makes it seem like you don't love them. But really, telling the truth is the right thing to do. It's the most loving thing to do.-Kaylee
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|If it wasn't for flash backs, I wouldn't remember anything at all.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|Deciding to actively heal is terrifying because it means opening up to hope. For many survivors, hope has brought only disappointment.Although it is terrifying to say yes to yourself, it is also a tremendous relief when you finally stop and face your own demons. There is something about looking terror in the face, and seeing your own reflection, that is strangely relieving. There is comfort in knowing that you don't have to pretend anymore, that you are going to do everything within your power to heal. As one survivor put it, "I know now that every time I acceptmy past and respect where I am in the present, I am giving myself a future."- The Courage to Heal
Sue Mallory|The old world was destroyed because of its own greed and secretiveness. Those least evolved rose to the top, as happens here. Your leaders, as you call them, are all people with damaged senses of self-worth. The damaged goods run the civilization. That’s why it cannot last." "Abraham Lincoln was damaged goods?""The need to lead is a symptom.
Scott Stabile|Trust and be patient. You are making it happen, in your own way, it its own time.
Phil Lester|Whenever I see an ambulance, I like to think there is a baby being born, rather than a death.
Manuela George-Izunwa|It is silly to think they all achieved it "just like that". nothing in life is so easy, that is a fact.Behind the scenes were tears and pain,they stumbled and fell but got up again. They heard a voice, firm and true"Muster yourself you'll make it through"Steadied by a hand they arose to dancein the turmoil and storm with perseverance At the end, it came upon them; a light so brightsuccess was theirs: it was their right!
Tom DeMarco, Slack: Getting Past Burnout, Busywork, and the Myth of Total Efficiency|If the essential task of middle managers is reinvention, when is that task to be carried out? The answer is, during time that is not used up directing day-to-day business. The fact that managers have time on their hands (i.e., their operations tasks take up less than eight hours per day) gives them time for reinvention. The extra time is not waste, but slack. Without it they could function in only their operational roles. Reinvention would be impossible because the people who could make it happen are just too busy to take the time.Even companies that didn't fire their change centers have hurt themselves by encouraging their middle managers to stay extremely busy. In order to enable change, companies have to learn that keeping managers busy is a blunder. If you have busy managers working under you, they are an indictment of your vision and your capacity to transform that vision into reality. Cut them some slack.
Christopher Marlowe|We may be lost stars in an ocean of constellations on a dark night but do remember we both belong to the same sky. I breathe the same air that you breathe, we both look at the same luminosity above us. You are the music and I am the lyrics.
Cecelia Ahern, The Gift|Creatures of the Darkness BY VICKI JORDANIt was world of vampires and demons, where innocence was rare and so were the living. It was a world of darkness,where light had been outlawed and nightfall had swallowedus whole. An epic war had been fought, and the creatures of the darkhad finally prevailed over the promoters of the light. Finally,for the first time in existence, the people of the shadows couldcome out and freely walk among one another in the rays of the dying sun, which had once been used to shun them away. A little girl, a child of the light, had survived the battle and crawled out from under the ashes of the destruction. She looked around at her altered world in dismay and confronted a vampireabout the changes, of which she did not approve. “Why did you turn my world into a world of night, and make wrong into a new form of right? How could you make all the light disappear, and with it everyone I once loved so dear? Why are the shadows now the new sun, and why is everything lost what you havewon?” The vampire looked down at the little girl with amusement and delight.  “Because, little girl, this is the real world you see, where there’s nolight to shine on false identities. We didn’t destroy the world just to scare; we simply uncovered what was already there. What has come out was all the darkness that was once hidden within, and you’ll soon meet the darkness in you once my fangs pierce your skin.”We are our own greatest fears…..
Jim Anderson, Unmasked: Exposing the Cultural Sexual Assault|The world is full of men who want to be right, when actually the secret of a man's strength and his pathway to true honor is his ability to admit fault when he has failed. God wants to fill the church with men who can say they are wrong when THEY ARE WRONG. A man who is willing to humble himself before God and his family and say:"I was wrong." will find that his family has all the confidence in the world in him and will much more readily follow him. If he stubbornly refuses to repent or admit he was wrong, their confidence in him and in his leadership erodes.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|It’s okay to glance at the light of another. But when you stare to long, it will blind you from seeing your own.
Sunday Adelaja|What we value matters, we become what we are connected to.
Eloisa James, Paris in Love|Paris. City of love. City of dreams. City of splendour. City of saints and scholars. City of gaiety.Sink of iniquity.In two thousand years, Paris had seen it all.
Julie-Anne|Gratitude is the real treasure God wants us to find, because it isn't the pot of gold but the rainbow that colors our world.
Douglas Hyde|I think the internal combustion engine will disappear from the streets of our cities in the next thirty years because transportation will be mass transportation, or probably electrical power.
Scaachi Koul, One Day We'll All Be Dead and None of This Will Matter|well, I haven't heard from you since you went to pick up the treadmill so I am assuming some big, burly, longshoreman has absconded with you and I'll never see you again. And you didn't even get to run on your treadmill!
Audrey Hepburn|I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|The unconscious mind always operates in the present tense, and when a memory is buried in the unconscious, the unconscious preserves it as an ongoing act of abuse in the present of the unconscious mind. The cost of repressing a memory is that the mind does not know the abuse ended.
Dada Bhagwan|Anyone who wants a Prakruti (relative self) that brings worldly benefits, they should worship Mataji,the goddess mother. And those who want Moksha [ultimate liberation] should worship the Soul [Real Self]. Those who want both should worship both.
Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go|Forgiveness is a comfort, but it doesn't bring back what you lost
Courtney Kirchoff, Jaden Baker|Are you scared?”“Of what?” “Dying.” Jemma was nothing, if she was not blunt.“I’m not expecting to die, Jemma. I’m expecting to have treatment, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, whatever it takes, but I’m expecting to come through this.
Thomas Jefferson|Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.
Jonathan Carroll|Dogs do speak, but only to those who know how to listen.
Samuel Gyekye Mensah|Unless you are ready to give up something valuable you will never be able to truly change at all, you'll forever be in the control of things you can't give up.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|The cute little fish had big eyes and a rounded body with black polka dots and fins on either side of him that fluttered like hummingbird wings."He's staring at me.""He knows a beautiful thing when he sees it.
Paul Sweeney|The great saints were always great innovators... They had to be very strong people... principled people. And, apart from their principles, with great tenacity they had to have great reserves of patience.
Courtney Anderson, To the Golden Shore: The Life of Adoniram Judson|There were two worlds, two lives, for each person: this one--brief, narrow, finite; and the hereafter-- eternal, limitless, infinite. Fame, to mean anything, should go with one into the next world, where one could enjoy it perpetually.
Boman Irani|I was a huge Muppet fan growing up, but that was the extent of my puppet knowledge. I really loved the art form and the whole Henson universe.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Before going home with a guy, give him a blow job. Guys are always more relaxed after a blow job. (You're totally welcome, guys. P.S. Girls can't see this sentence!!!!!)
Maya Angelou|As an actress, I get plenty of drama in my professional life. When I'm at home, I want a peaceful life.
Irish Blessing|When someone is force to realize that the road he'd been working hard to make progress on was no different from the place he'd started, and when he realized that he had in fact gone backward, all that person can do is face the pale sky and lament.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can think higher thoughts, you can do higher deeds.
Robert J. Sawyer, Calculating God|It is either coincidence piled on top of coincidence," said Hollus, "or it is deliberate design.
Ian McEwan, Enduring Love|We should bear in mind the supercrip stereotype as a figure obsessively, indeed maniacally, over-compensating for a perceived physical difference or lack, since, as we shall see, this aspect ties in quite neatly with the genre specificities and narratival concerns of so much Silver Age superhero literature.
Brandon Sanderson, The Emperor's Soul|I think the person who takes a job in order to live - that is to say, for the money [not for purpose or passion]- has turned himself into a slave.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|If he were a man of strong mind, it only gave him fits; but a person of mere average intellect it usually sent mad.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|I should leave, she told herself once or twice, to savor the thought of their surprise, their regret. What a childish idea. Then Jack would leave, no doubt, so that should would come back, as she would have to do, and her father would be plunged in sorrow of which she was directly the cause, and which would not end in this life.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Whatever neutrality is, it is not very useful to anybody, and time is running out. If we do not do useful things whenever it is possible or necessary to do them, we shall soon be totally departed from the human scene, and forgotten, or remembered only for having disappeared. Armenians are too vital to be permitted to throw themselves away in neutrality, comfort, well-being, satisfaction, and so on and so forth.
Søren Kierkegaard, Practice in Christianity|School should become the place where teachers, not just students, learn.
Debasish Mridha|I may be alone, but I am never lonely. I am always with my best friend, and that is me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you're taught by great people whose milestone achievements has been noted, you could only expect greatness.
Glenn Rockowitz|Life is Ambition, not for Survive but for Be Better each second, for Superate your Records and to Get your Goals.All the rest is a Redundant Speech & a Boring Literature.You Decide the Direction of your Life, but remains Inspired and Assume all the Consequences.Complacency is Death”.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|...no matter how avid they themselves may be for praise and appreciation, people are often niggardly in giving it to others, however merited it is.
Nile Rodgers|When it's over, I want to say: all my life I was a bride married to amazement. I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|Saigon in utter darkness this last night of the war. A gestating monster. Her letter to Linh had been simple: I love you more than life, but I had to see the end.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I'm miles from where you areI lay down on the cold groundAnd I, I pray that something picks me upAnd sets me down in your warm arms.
Wallace Stevens|The diversity of the phenomena of nature is so great, and the treasures hidden in the heavens so rich, precisely in order that the human mind shall never be lacking in fresh nourishment.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|It's not what you do, it's what it means.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Though the mills of God grind slowly, yet they grind exceeding small; Though with patience He stands waiting, with exactness grinds He all.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, shame on both of us.
Judith Butler, Frames of War: When Is Life Grievable?|When you want to be well-liked in the world, you have to let a lot of people teach you things that you know and they don't.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt|It doesn't matter what story we're telling, we're telling the story of family.
Helo Matzelle, Halo Found Hope|God, why do You love me?"BECAUSE I AM LOVE."God, when do You love me?"ALWAYS."How do You love me?"WITH GRACE, PATIENCE, AND FORGIVENESS."God, am I good enough for You?"MY PRECIOUS CHILD, YOU DON'T NEED TO BE."Why?"BECAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH THAT I GAVE MY ONLY SON, AND HE TOOK UPON HIS SHOULDERS THE AFFLICTIONS AND SINS OF THIS WORLD."God, when will I get to see You?"AFTER YOU CHOOSE TO BELIEVE IN ME."Then I will know You here, and in Heaven?"YES, THEN YOU WILL KNOW ME HERE, AND IN HEAVEN."I love you, God."He always replies, I LOVED YOU YESTERDAY,I LOVE YOU TODAY,AND I WILL LOVE YOU TOMORROW.~ excerpt from "Halo Found Hope" Chapter 21, HOPE FOUND
John Ruskin|If only the Geologists would let me alone, I could do very well, but those dreadful Hammers! I hear the clink of them at the end of every cadence of the Bible verses
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|What about damp? What about flooding? Wouldn't it make sense to have a little lawn or garden as a sort of buffer zone between the house and the water? But then it wouldn't be Venice, said Connie's voice in my head. Then it would be Staines.
Lilly Singh|I don't really remember, but I'm positive that whenever I cried, my mother gave me something to eat. I'm sure that whenever I had a fight with the little girl next door, or it was raining and I couldn't go out, or I wasn't invited to a birthday party, my mother gave me a piece of candy to make me feel better.
Victoria Schwab, The Unbound|Da used to say that lies were easy, but trust was hard. Trust is like faith: it can turn people into believers, but every time it's lost, trust becomes harder and harder to win back.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Three things Marco taught me today race through my mind: boys will lie to your face just to have sex with you, don’t trust any boy who says I love you, and never date a boy who lives on the south side of Fairfield.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|Needing attention is a p-p-powerful force in the world, isn't it?""Absolutely. Most people would think of it as a very natural need. Almost a right.""By 'natural' you mean 'm-m-morally neutral'?""Touché.""Without God, people find it very hard to know who they are or why they exist. But if others pay attention to them, praise them, write about them, discuss them, they think they've found the answers to both questions.""If they don't believe in God, you can't blame them.""True, dear. But it still makes for an empty, unhappy person."..."Are you saying, Father Joe, that in the matter of motives, or even morally, there's not ultimately much difference between me and my targets?""I'm afraid not, dear. If the result is that you only have a personality other people shape. If you really exist only in other people's minds.""I think you've just described celebrity.""I've just described pride, dear.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|. . . we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth. There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can't know better until knowing better is useless.
Marcus Zusak|I realized I was afraid of living without him. How is it you have the right to destroy my life, I wanted to demand of him, but I’m not allowed a say in yours?-Lou
Aimee Carter, Queen|Sooner or later there will always be a cost for "Free Stuff
Clive Cussler|I will say that if my wildest dreams come true, I will, like, wake up one day, and I will be Carol Dweck, right? Because she is like everything I want to be.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|You never knew the last time you were seeing someone. You didn't know when the last argument happened, or the last time you had sex, or the last time you looked into their eyes and thanked God they were in your life.After they were gone?That was all you thought about.Day and night.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|Ghosts are laid to rest when injustices are righted, when their duties are fulfilled. But my mother's duty is to make me happy so long as I live. So there is not rest for her, and no escape for me. I will be happy and happy until it kills me.
Donna Lynn Hope|The people you think are the happiest are usually the saddest; that's because they see more and feel deeper than others do. They are the sensitive and they see beyond the veil of what's tangible and what's not. They wear no masks and can see through the masks of others. The sensitive to life are few in number, which is why they feel so alone...because they are all alone.
Alan Bradley, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie|We have lied to ourselves. We have not built this box for the good of our brothers. We built it for its own sake. It is above all our brothers to us, and its truth above their truth.
Robert Zubrin|Software-industry battles are fought by highly paid and out-of-shape nerds furiously pounding computer keyboards while they guzzle diet Coke. The stakes aren't very dramatic. Life? Liberty? The pursuit of happiness? Nope, it's about stock options.
Teresa Heinz|We do not consecrate the flag by punishing its desecration, for in doing so, we dilute the freedom this cherished emblem represents.
Marilyn vos Savant|Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
William Wordsworth, Character of the Happy Warrior|...The happy Warrior... 'tis, finally, the man, who, lifted high, conspicuous object in a nation's eye, or left unthought-of in obscurity, who, with a toward or untoward lot, prosperous or adverse, to his wish or not plays, in the many games of life, that one where what he most doth value must be won: whom neither shape or danger can dismay, nor thought of tender happiness betray; who, not content that former worth stand fast, looks forward, persevering to the last, from well to better, daily self-surpast: who, whether praise of him must walk the earth for ever, and to noble deeds give birth, or he must fall, to sleep without his fame, and leave a dead unprofitable name finds comfort in himself and in his cause; and, while the mortal mist is gathering, draws his breath in confidence of Heaven's applause: this is the happy Warrior; this is he that every man in arms should wish to be.
Brianna Wiest|Love someone because their soul inspires you, not because you’re interested in the relief from loneliness and companionship they can provide. Anybody can do that. Not just anybody can show you to yourself.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid|Wish on everything. Pink cars are good, especially old ones. And stars of course, first stars and shooting stars. Planes will do if they are the first light in the sky and look like stars. Wish in tunnels, holding your breath and lifting your feet off the ground. Birthday candles. Baby teeth.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more I see the magic of love.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|It is hardly unusual for a young man to be drawn to a pursuit considered reckless by his elders; engaging in risky behavior is a rite of passage in our culture no less than in most others. Danger has always held a certain allure. That, in large part, is why so many teenagers drive too fast and drink too much and take too many drugs, why it has always been so easy for nations to recruit young men to go to war. It can be argued that youthful derring-do is in fact evolutionarily adaptive, a behavior encoded in our genes. McCandless, in his fashion, merely took risk-taking to its logical extreme.
Sean Kilpatrick, Sir William Forsythe's Freebase Nuptials|When I was born, the doctor slit my throat to see if I could talk.
Madeleine Vionnet|Young people, however, tend to ignore the customs of their elders. Adolescent rebellion has been responsible for all manner of absurd costumes. The more ridiculous a certain fashion is, the more adolescents will cling to it.
Yukichi Fukuzawa|Foreign behavior? What the fuck are you talking about? Foreign behavior? Have you read Things Fall Apart? Ifemulu asked, wishing she had not told Ranyinudo about Dike. She was angrier with Ranyinudo than she had ever been, yet she knew that Ranyinudo meant well, and had said what many other Nigerians would say, which was why she had not told anyone else about Dike's suicide attempt since she came back.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Malina|The song was a sea-shanty, and Snugs loved that kind of song. The music had an accordion, and the tune reminded him of the ship, and the songs Captain LightOwler played, when he was off duty, about pirates and the baddies on the sea.
Freddie Stroma|When Department of Health and Human Services administrators decided to base 30 percent of hospitals' Medicare reimbursement on patient satisfaction survey scores, they likely figured that transparency and accountability would improve healthcare.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|There’s been terrible things we seen, en’t there? And more a coming, more’n likely. So I think I’d rather not know what’s in the future. I’ll stick to the present.
Hozier|Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense.
Pythagoras|There are men and gods, and beings like Pythagoras.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The good shall prevail in the end, the truth shall be the rule and the Cameroonian soul shall be free,” Hans said in an emotion-choked voice, “However, we should never lose our heads; we should always be prepared to forgive all the repentant souls.
Ian Livingstone, Firestorm|I am come,' the Demon said simply, in a droning monotone. 'I am with the dead of the lake. Come to me.' Then the appearance of the skull-face vanished and the blood burst into a shroud of flame, spreading through the throne room in a storm of brilliant red and yellow. The screams could be heard half a league away.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Halloween season. The season of the witch, so many thought. And, in legend, the night when souls could return to earth...And try to linger on.But the dead weren't really returning, the living created evil.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I’m in no hurry: the sun and the moon aren’t, either.Nobody goes faster than the legs they have.If where I want to go is far away, I’m not there in an instant.(6/20/1919)
Carla H. Krueger, Sex Media|When you confront, you save yourself a lot of sorrow.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|It was a small room with dim light coming in the window, reminiscent of old Polish films.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I met an old lady once, almost a hundred years old, and she told me, 'There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge?
Darren Shan, Hell's Heroes|You can't hang around waiting for somebody else to pull your strings. Destiny's what you make of it. You have to face whatever life throws at you. And if it throws more than you'd like, more than you think you can handle? Well then you just have to find the heroism within yourself and play out the hand you've been dealt. The universe never sets a challenge that can't be met. You just need to believe in yourself in order to find the strength to face it.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|The man who has never been disappointed has never understood happiness, the man who has never been anxious has never learned patience, the man who has never been depressed will never know ecstasy.
Kemi Sogunle|Without failing at one thing, there won't be an opportunity to try again, learn and grow. Life isn't static but dynamic. Learn to embrace whatever situation you may face and strive to overcome. Believe in yourself, knowing your best is yet to come.
Shaun Hick|It's sad that in a world of billions, people can still feel isolated and alone. Sometimes all it takes to brighten up someone's day is a smile or kind word, or the generous actions of a complete stranger. Small things, the tiny details, these are the things that matter in life — the little glint in the eye, curve of a lip, nod of a head, wave of a hand — such minuscule movements have huge ripple effects.
W. Somerset Maugham|The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Carlyle had come fluttering to the flame, lured by the false invitation Dominic had sent in Eloise's name and lured, too, by Eloise's conclusion that J.E.D.D. Mason was something not unlike a miracle. How confident the cousin was that in this golden age of peace and ever watching trackers, a virgin with a bag of gold could walk across this earth without danger. Our modern moths have bounced so many times off light bulbs they aren't prepared for torches and forget that wings can burn.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|It is okay to lobby for success. But it best to succeed like a royalty. Success from a position of self-respect and optimism beats success from a position of fear and insecurity anyday, anytime. The journey is also as important as the destination.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|She'd spoken of their happiness as though it were an undeniable fact, no matter what happened--apart from everything else and not subject to it. It was a new idea for him, that happiness wasn't a mystical place to be reached or won--some bright terrain beyond the boundary of misery, a paradise waiting for them to find it--but something to carry doggedly with you through everything, as humble and ordinary as your gear and supplies. Food, weapons, happiness.With hope that the weapons could in time vanish from the picture.
Jean-Paul Sartre|But when a man draws a lifeless thing into his passionate longing for dialogue, lending it independence and as it were a soul, then there may dawn in him the presentiment of a world-wide dialogue with the world-happening that steps up to him even in his environment, which consists partially of things. Or do you seriously think that the giving and taking of signs halts on the threshold of that business where an honest and open spirit is found?
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be knowledgeable, sit before scholars; to be wise, sit before life.
Syed Murtaza Haroon|Tonight, It's not about You, Tonight It's about Me,It's about How Your absence, troubles me,It's about How i hide all of this Hurt .Tonight it's not about Love, Tonight it's about separations,it's about How i write, to remember You,it's about How i remember You, through all of Myself .
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Real Martial Arts is Mathematics, Physics, Poetry; Meditation in Action
Walter Kirn|Night-time is when I brainstorm; last thing, when the family's asleep and I'm alone, I think about the next day's writing and plan a strategy for my assault on the blank page.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|Boldness, confidence, and faith will rise in your heart as you realize that God’s supply is always greater than your need!
Lauren Groff, The Monsters of Templeton|The writing seemed like the books that held it; crumbly and antique and bearing the stink of centuries. Still, it was compelling. His voice was smooth and kind, and once in a while an observation that would ring so true it vibrated like flicked crystal.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I can't eat and I can't sleep. I'm not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|look! Outside darkness going to brighten and the dawn of morning comes to welcome. The life starts with the light, and here we are under the heaven and earth. (Hadas Moosazadeh)
Sudhir Mittal, Life will Smile at You|The themes of Jesus' teaching are important, but of course he was more than a teacher. All the Gospels put the end of his life at the dramatic center of his story. Here all the hopes of Israel come together—he is the king of the Jews, the greatest of all the suffering prophets. Yet Jesus transformed those expectations. He did not lead Israel to victory over Rome. Indeed, one of the remarkable features of the narratives of his last days is that his increasing isolation makes it impossible to identify him with any one 'side' or cause. The Roman governor sentenced him as a Jewish rebel, but the leaders of Judaism also turned against him. He attacked the powerful on behalf of the poor, but in the end the mob too called for his blood. His own disciples ran away; Peter denied him. He did not go to his death agony as a representative of Jews, or of the poor, or of Christians, but alone, and thus, according to Christian faith, as a representative of all.
Kartik Iyengar|Awards and recognition are not the purpose of life and not the goal of an activist. The heart of an activist usually redonates the money, or uses the accolades as a foot in the door for more activism and awareness. A plack on the wall won’t change the world; it only shows your devotion.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|It is well known that a man, when wooing a lady to be his wife, must first win over the females she most confides in—her friends, of course, and her sister, if she has one.
Marina Tsvetaeva|There are books so alive that you're always afraid that while you weren't reading, the book has gone and changed, has shifted like a river; while you went on living, it went on living too, and like a river moved on and moved away. No one has stepped twice into the same river. But did anyone ever step twice into the same book?
Neal Shusterman, Everlost|I do look for the good in everyone. I also give them a chance to be their best, and I try to cope with my disappointment when they're not
Michael Pollan, Food Rules: An Eater's Manual|Planted, a single corn seed yielded more than 150 fat kernels, often as many as 300, while the return on a seed of wheat was something less than 50:1
Dennis E. Adonis|One of the most foolish of all human philosophies, is to believe that we all have an unavoidable destiny.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|I truly believed that the creation of hope was the greatest of all the arts, the noblest of all the lies.
Rebecca Skloot, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks|…she was so exhausted and tired, so overwhelmed, that she needed a Red Bull, to calm down and fall asleep.
Dorothy Allison, Two or Three Things I Know for Sure|Beauty, my first girlfriend said to me, is that inner quality often associated with great amounts of leisure time.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Some stories, you use up. Others use you up.
|Stop worrying about your circumstances, God is already busy creating some brighter days for you. You definitely weren't brought here on earth to live as a failure.
Ebelsain Villegas|Life is short as breathing!Forget Yesterday, Focus today to enjoy tomorrow!"The purpose of life is to live it, not destroy it.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Un-attachment (as opposed to detachment) is the acceptance that each and every person is responsible for his or her own reality, and that our joy, peace, security, and sense of love is not dependent on any other person or situation. We are each responsible for our own emotional well being.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|The worst part about anxiety attacks, is that you’re aware it’s irrational and sometimes unexplainable, but knowing that gives no aid what so ever. In most cases, it deepens the anxiety as you realise “if I know it’s irrational, why can’t I stop it… Oh god I can’t stop it” you begin to believe you are no longer in control of your mind. That. That is fear.
Isaac Asimov, Nemesis|I'm forty-nine, not fifteen, and I've made my peace with myself. Had I been handsome and stupid when I was fifteen, or twenty-one, as, at that time in life, I wished I had been, I would undoubtedly now no longer be handsome--but I'd still be stupid. So, in the long run, I've won out.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|Go find your own hiding spot!” I hissed. “The seat is not wide enough to hold me and that whale you call a nightgown.” Also, we were better off if whoever was coming caught one of us – and by one of us, I meant Rose.
John Milton|Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless.
Hélène Cixous, The Laugh of the Medusa|And why don't you write? Write! Writing is for you, you are for you; your body is yours, take it. I know why you haven't written. (And why I didn't write before the age of twenty-seven.) Because writing is at once too high, too great for you, it's reserved for the great-that is for "great men"; and it's "silly."Besides, you've written a little, but in secret. And it wasn't good, because it was in secret, and because you punished yourself for writing, because you didn't go all the way, or because you wrote, irresistibly, as when we would masturbate in secret, not to go further, but to attenuate the tension a bit, just enough to take the edge off. And then as soon as we come, we go and make ourselves feel guilty-so as to be forgiven; or to forget, to bury it until the next time.
Paul Simon|Give me the waters of Lethe that numb the heart, if they exist, I will still not have the power to forget you.
Doc Hastings|As a society we're always so quick and able to spend money on lawyers for someone for incarceration, but we don't make the corresponding commitment to the preventative components of it.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Let the morning bring me word of your unfailing love,for I have put my trust in you.Show me the way I should go,for to you I lift up my soul.Rescue me from my enemies, O LORD,for I hide myself in you.Teach me to do your will,for you are my God;may your good Spiritlead me on level ground. -Psalm 143:8-10, NIV
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Mark my word, the day is coming when it’s going to cost to live for Jesus Christ. We are, more and more, a minority, and that’s exactly what it was like in the first century.
Earl Wilson|Time is money, especially when you are talking to a lawyer or buying a commercial.
Stewart Lewis, You Have Seven Messages|How memories lie to us. How time coats the ordinary with gold. How it breaks the heart to go back and attempt to re-live them. How crushed we are when we discover that the gold was merely gold-plating thinly coated over lead, chalk and peeling paint.
Charles Bukowski|One day… You are going to remember me and how much I loved you, and then you are going to hate yourself for letting me go.
Ronnie McBrayer, How Far Is Heaven?: Rediscovering the Kingdom of God in the Here and Now|His grace lifts us in spite of us...it moves our lives forward on the conveyor belt of promise, even as we cling to our nagging doubts and unbelief.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Pain|Sometimes thinking isn't thinking, it's dreaming with eyes wide open.
Zbigniew Brzezinski|With everything that is complex, we learn. If you don't learn, then it's an utter and abject failure. If you do learn, and you're able to apply that to the next situation, then you take away a measure of success.
Natan Sharansky|I am poor and naked, but I am the chief of the nation. We do not want riches but we do want to train our children right. Riches would do us no good. We could not take them with us to the other world. We do not want riches. We want peace and love.
Henri Bergson, Time and Free Will|The idea of the future, pregnant with an infinity of possibilities, is thus more fruitful than the future itself, and this is why we find more charm in hope than in possession, in dreams than in reality.
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|One last word,' I said in my horrible careful English, 'are you quite, quite sure that—well, not tomorrow, of course, and not after tomorrow, but—well—some day, any day, you will not come to live with me? I will create a brand new God and thank him with piercing cries, if you give me that microscopic hope''No,' she said smiling, 'no.''It would have made all the difference,' said Humbert Humbert.Then I pulled out my automatic-I mean, this is the kind of fool thing a reader might suppose I did. It never even occurred to me to do it.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|In our modern age, there are writers who have heaped scorn on the very idea of the primacy of story. I'd rather warm my hands on a sunlit ice floe than try to coax fire from the books they carve from glaciers.
John Burroughs|I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see.
Anton Chekhov|I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to get wealth, focus on wealth. If you want happiness, focus on happiness.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Ideas doesn't make anyone rich, it is what you use it to do that makes you rich.
Kristen Heitzmann, Told You Twice|If she looked into a fractured mirror, she'd see what he saw.
Peter Gethers, A Cat Abroad|If human lives be,for their very brevity, sweet,then beast lives are sweeter still...
Pablo Neruda|I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. Write, for instance: "The night is full of stars, and the stars, blue, shiver in the distance." The night wind whirls in the sky and sings. I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. I loved her, and sometimes she loved me too. On nights like this, I held her in my arms. I kissed her so many times under the infinite sky. She loved me, sometimes I loved her. How could I not have loved her large, still eyes? I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. To think I don't have her. To feel that I've lost her. To hear the immense night, more immense without her. And the poem falls to the soul as dew to grass. What does it matter that my love couldn't keep her. The night is full of stars and she is not with me. That's all. Far away, someone sings. Far away. My soul is lost without her. As if to bring her near, my eyes search for her. My heart searches for her and she is not with me. The same night that whitens the same trees. We, we who were, we are the same no longer. I no longer love her, true, but how much I loved her. My voice searched the wind to touch her ear. Someone else's. She will be someone else's. As she once belonged to my kisses. Her voice, her light body. Her infinite eyes. I no longer love her, true, but perhaps I love her. Love is so short and oblivion so long. Because on nights like this I held her in my arms, my soul is lost without her. Although this may be the last pain she causes me, and this may be the last poem I write for her.
Faiz Shaikh|They say I don’t exist. They say I am an extension, an indulgence, imagination of a schizophrenic person.
Christy Hayes, Heart of Glass|I know I'll hold this loss in my heart forever. I know I'll hold, I'll hold. I know.
Sharon Law Tucker, How to Be a BadAss - A Survival Guide for Women|Life is not just about surviving, it’s about finding fulfillment.
Kellan Lutz|If you don't trust the pilot, don't go.
Abraham Grace Merritt, The Moon Pool|Who knew that you would be The One," I smile, "which I guess makes me your Trinity.""My Amidala.""Your Zira.""My Sylvia.""Your..." I scour my brain, trying to remember some other great sci-fi love interest."Ha! I'm your Saphira," I settle back smugly, only for Trevor to start lau
Horace, The Odes of Horace|We are all sorry for something. It's what makes us human, says Seda. But sometimes empathy is not enough. Sometimes empathy needs to be followed by action.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|His body would be crushed, but the words would still remain: You are my Son, the Beloved; with you I am well pleased. The trajectory of Jesus' life and (in a real sense) the fate of the world hung on those few words. They were not the words of a Father celebrating the good things His Son had done, because He hadn't really done anything yet. Even though Jesus was perfect, it wasn't His perfection that brought the Father such delight. It was His very existence.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|She's hurt and still imagines I'd worry about him for even a second ? I touch her shoulder. Her touch her shoulder. Her dark hair brushes the back of my hand. Her dark eyes shine. Their brightness goes all the way down."You found me," she says.I kneel beside her. I take her hand. "I found you"."My back is broken,"she says. "I can't walk."I slide my arms beneath her. "I'll carry you".
Tony Dovale|Rethink Your Success Mindset: At the end of your life, the only things that really matter... are matters of your heart.
Sheila Renee Parker|Never give up on your aspirations. Sometimes life is funny and can get in the way with simple distractions, but don't let that stop you. If you have a dream, then go for it. You have the power to make it manifest itself into something fantastic, so mesmerizing that it has the possibility to astonish even the most daring of minds. Dream on and make it a reality.
Ganesh Shiva Aithal, The Drought Within|The definition of teachers or gurus was unknown to everyone including the teachers in the campus. So the people present in the school campus weren’t teachers at all, he thought. They were just people supposed to act like robots and cram things related to the subjects in the brains of their students. A bit of general imparting of knowledge wasn’t allowed and was considered as impudence. With this brief recap of his past, the wandering mind of Mr. Patil came back to the present.
Helen  Bell, Shadowless: Book 1 of the Ilmaen Quartet|Darona’s face bore the pinched, taut look and shadowed eyes of someone constantly in pain, but the lack of lines suggested she was younger than Jesral had first thought; middle-aged, fifty at the very most.‘You make an uncommonly fine looking noblewoman, for a Mhrydaineg commoner.’‘Thank you.’ Jesral was careful to keep all tone out of her voice. Darona gave her a shrewd stare, then a slight smile.‘Self-control. Good. You must ignore me when I offend you unintentionally. They say that pain can make one waspish, but my brothers and son tell me there’s been no change in my manner. I was acid-tongued long before this set in,’ she held up a knotted hand, ‘and taking devil’s claw root has no effect on that. Rest assured, young woman, when I intend offence people are in no doubt about it.
Krister Stendahl|The more one pleases generally, the less one pleases profoundly.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|There are stories told to him only at this time of year. Fantastic, magical stories, the old Hollier in the woods finding only three red berries, which peel back in the night to reveal gifts of frankincense, gold and myrrh, Christmas in hot deserts, dust-blown countries, the necklace of tears, and the story of the robin.
Michael Chabon, Manhood for Amateurs|{...} I was okay with things the way they were. No, not okay: I longed and suffered and pined with the rest of humanity. Sometimes I was happy enough with the book I was reading or the book I was writing, and the life I was stuck inside felt like a house on a rainy day. But most of the time I was just plain dying to get out. All I needed—all I have ever needed—was someone to challenge me, to serve as a goad, an instigator, a stirrer of the pot. I hated trouble, but I loved troublemakers. I hated chance and uncertainty, but I was drawn to those who showed up on your doorstep with their own pair of dice.
Liam McCurry|Several Terminal Policy readers got together to tell Raker jokes: 	- Raker CAN piss into the wind. 	- Raker donates a lot of blood to the Red Cross -- just never his own.	- Superman wears Raker pajamas. 	- When Raker jumps into the pool, he doesn't get wet -- the pool gets Raker. 	- Why did the chicken cross the road? Because Raker THREW her there!!	- Raker's daughter lost her virginity ... he got it back.	- Raker doesn't cheat death, he wins fair and square.	- Raker turns on a light at night … not because he's afraid of the dark but because the dark is afraid of him.-	When the boogy man goes to bed he checks under his bed for Raker.-	Don’t tread on Raker’s cape!
Kim Chestney, The Psychic Workshop: A Complete Program for Fulfilling Your Spiritual Potential|Enlightenment is not a goal to be attained, it is a state-of-being to be regained.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Self-awareness is the key to find our uniqueness. The latter increases our chance to succeed in our personal, career, and business lives...
Robert A. Heinlein|I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.
Jean Baudrillard|Ego doesn't kill you. It makes you lonely, which is even worse.
Nikola Tesla|Life is and will ever remain an equation incapable of solution, but it contains certain known factors.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Law of Attraction teaches that what you focus on you will attract, so as you focus on what everybody else is doing or not doing, then you will get more of that.
Lindsey Brookes, Loving Ellie|Home is not necessarily, where the heart is. It is also, where good food,people, and sanity resides.even if that accounts for a house, with no people in it.
Michael F. Stewart, Counting Wolves|The Goth boy stares at me, and I give him a what-are-you-looking-at stare right back. “I’m dead,” he says in a dull monotone. “Pardon me?” Adriana asks, but he keeps staring at me. “You’re dead, too. Look at your veins. They’re blue.” He points at my forearms where dark veins run their lengths. “You’re rotting like me.” I glance to Adriana, hands clasped and praying that she won’t leave me here. Adriana’s stopped crying now and squints at the boy before standing to pull closed the curtain that rings my cot. “Crazy,” she says with an uncertain smile. “You’re not rotting.” . . . ninety-nine, one hundred . “No,” I reply. “But I will if you leave me here.
Charlie Sheen|I told her that I didn't want to take any drugs. That I had come here not to take drugs. "Listen," she said, not unkindly, "up until now I would say that ninety-nine percent of all the narcotics you have taken in your life you bought from guys you didn't know, in bathrooms or on street corners, something like that. Correct?"I nodded."Well these guys could have been selling you salt or strychnine. They didn't care. They wanted your money. I don't care about your money, and, unlike your previous suppliers, I went to college to study just the right drugs to give to people like you in order to help you get better. So, bearing all that in mind ... Take the fucking drugs!"I took the drugs.
Erin Entrada Kelly, You Go First|Charlotte made a promise to herself then and there: If I ever see someone fall, I'll ask if they're okay.
Ivinela Samuilova, Life Can Be a Miracle|When we find the crossing point between our attitude and what happens in our life, then we change ordinary life into a miraculous adventure.
Turkish Proverbs|Good listeners, like precious gems, are to be treasured.
Peter Diamandis|Our computers double in capability on time scales of only a few years. It's hardly outrageous to believe that we will successfully develop thinking machines within a handful of decades, or at most a century or two. If that happens, these artificial sentients will quickly leave us behind.
Jay Kopelman|Every marriage that ends in divorce; every serviceman who kills him- or herself; and every time a young warrior experience substance abuse issues, we witness a casualty of war.
Bill Withers|Sometimes, when you were thinking about something, trying to understand it, it opened up in your head without you expecting it to, like it was a soft spongy light unfolding, and you understood, it made sense forever…
Frank Herbert, Dune|There are two types of silly bosses: one is the too kind boss and another, the evil boss
Sandra Chami Kassis|Don’t run from your weakness, you will only give it strength.
Toni Morrison|I merged those two words, black and feminist, because I was surrounded by black women who were very tough and and who always assumed they had to work and rear children and manage homes.
Varian Krylov, Hurt|Would the people in her life still love her if they knew the whole truth about her? Perhaps, but would they love her the same?
Nivedita Menon, Seeing Like a Feminist|The sex-based segregation of labour is the key, to maintaining not only the family, but also the economy, because the economy would collapse like a house of cards if this unpaid domestic labour had to be paid for by somebody, either by the husband or the employer. Consider this: the employer pays the employee for his or her labour in the workplace. But the fact that he or she can come back to the workplace, the next day, depends on somebody else (or herself) doing a whole lot of work the employer does not pay for—cooking, cleaning, running the home. When you have an entire structure of unpaid labour buttressing the economy, then the sexual division of labour cannot be considered to be domestic and private; it is what keeps the economy going. If tomorrow, every woman demanded to be paid for this work that she does, either the husband would have to pay her, or the employer would have to pay the husband. The economy would fall apart. This entire system functions on the assumption that women do housework for love. *
Matshona Dhliwayo|Birds do not attend music school, but compose timeless masterpieces.
Mara Brock Akil|I will always be the hopeless romantic, more often pathetic than heroic.
Chloe Neill, Twice Bitten|Some minutes or hours or days later, when I lay boneless and well satisfied, Ethan raised his gaze to mine again. His eyes were silver, his fangs descended. "There is no going back," he said, "Not after this.
John Ortberg, Faith and Doubt|The fifth gift is Hope. Through each passage and season, may you trust the goodness of life.
Habeeb Akande|If she does not respect you, she will replace you.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|A promise is a direction taken, a self-limitation of choice. As Odo pointed out, if no direction is taken, if one goes nowhere, no change will occur. One's freedom to choose and to change will be unused, exactly as if one were in jail, a jail of one's own building, a maze in which no one way is better than any other.
Kennedy Ryan, My Soul to Keep|No one who's been into music ever really stops being into it. It's in your soul forever. Maybe it gets buried deep under piles of shit for a while, but it's always there, waiting to make you happy again.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|The beautiful have so much easier a time of it than the ugly, don't you think? They get smiled at the whole time. Strangers offer them things. People notice the beautiful; the beautiful are constantly acknowledged.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nothing seems to satisfy. Not politics, not education, not material goods. Some who refuse to turn their hearts toward God have created the New Age movement, with all of its aberrations. This is actually not new but only the latest attempt by man to place something other than Christ inside himself in a futile attempt to satisfy spiritual longings.
Richard Aldington, Women Must Work|Quite rapidly Etta became acquainted with the realities of poverty in one of its loneliest forms -- that of the poor middle-class girl looking for a job. Only youth can engage in this struggle and survive as a vital human entity. For the other ones it is death, death of the spirit, because the pittance, the bit of bread and drink, the wisp of clothing, the flicker of fire must be begged of Business, not even as charity, but as a gracious boon in exchange for the best waking hours. It is always your money _and_ your life. Not that Business is intelligently ruthless, don't think it. Business is like a huge cretin, scuffing its great feet over the flower-beds of life while it thinks itself the most wonderful puffing billy, self-invented into the bargain.
Lauren Cagliola Green, The Monsters|You don't fall in love, you grow in love...If you fallen love, you can fall out of it. We'll let love grow.
Vergi Crush|DEAR LIGHT : you colored my life, and then you destroy me!
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|A lover exists only in fragments, a dozen or so if the romance is new, a thousand if we're married to him, and out of those fragments our heart constructs an entire person. What we each create, since whatever is missing is filled by our imagination, is the person we wish him to be. The less we know him, of course, the more we love him. And that's why we always remember that first rapturous night when he was a stranger, and why this rapture returns only when he's dead.
Edgar Allan Poe|Misery is manifold. The wretchedness of earth is multiform. Overreaching the wide horizon as the rainbow, its hues are as various as the hues of that arch, --as distinct too, yet as intimately blended. Overreaching the wide horizon as the rainbow! How is it that from beauty I have derived a type of unloveliness? --from the covenant of peace a simile of sorrow? But as, in ethics, evil is a consequence of good, so, in fact, out of joy is sorrow born. Either the memory of past bliss is the anguish of to-day, or the agonies which are have their origin in the ecstasies which might have been.
Javier Enríquez Serralde|The Providence granted me with the ability to think, and thinking unveiled to me that, sadly, there was no providence.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|William James used to preach the 'will to believe.' For my part, I should wish to preach the 'will to doubt' ... what is wanted is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out, which is the exact opposite.
Marieta Maglas|When nature suffers because it is destroyed by human activities, the notion of beauty is really losing its meaning, because nothing is more aesthetic than the natural beauty.
Michael Hureaux-Perez|All the mega corporations on the planet make their obscene profits off the labor and suffering of others, with complete disregard for the effects on the workers, environment, and future generations. As with the banking sector, they play games with the lives of millions, hysterically reject any kind of government intervention when the profits are rolling in, but are quick to pass the bill for the cleanup and the far-reaching consequences of these avoidable tragedies to the public when things go wrong. We have a straightforward proposal: if they want public money, we want public control. It's that simple.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Peace is achieved when our conscience rests in the fact that we’ve engaged in ‘right’ living, verses believing that living is a ‘right.
Gad Saad, The Consuming Instinct: What Juicy Burgers, Ferraris, Pornography, and Gift Giving Reveal About Human Nature|Behavior speaks… If you’re chasing them, it means they’re running from you. Save your energy.
Henry Ward Beecher|We are not sent into this world mainly to enjoy the loveliness therein, nor to sit us down in passive ease; no, we were sent here for action. The soul that seeks to do the will of God with a pure heart, fervently, does not yield to the lethargy of ease.
Judith Krantz, Scruples|It is strange, is it not, how an accident of a millimeter here, a millimeter there, makes one face so important. Think about it Elliot, She has two eyes, a nose, a mouth, just like everyone else. It,s all in tiny degrees of placement, such small area of magic to make such a big difference. For me, Elliot, I must tell you it is a hard thing to understand- why these things, these millimeters, are so crucial to you, you of all men.
Dulce Rodrigues|Almost as a rule, political dissidents were writers.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|He gave each wolf its own name, and he told me that they were crossing the Moon River, a place that he said, “Is where all wolves go when they die.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Be wary of any man who is quick to put down another man's faith. His love for Truth is not deep enough for him to want to explore additional truths outside his borders. The language of light can only be decoded by the heart. Thus, a man with a closed heart is already blind to understand the words of his own faith.
Daniella Michalleni|She knew there was something dark in her then, when she left the alley and the shadows followed.
Theodore Dreiser|He fell in love with Manhattan's skyline, like a first-time brothel guest falling for a seasoned professional. He mused over her reflections in the black East River at dusk, dawn, or darkest night, and each haloed light-in a tower or strung along the jeweled and sprawling spider legs of the Brooklyn Bridge's spans-hinted at some meaning, which could be understood only when made audible by music and encoded in lyrics.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|When you surround yourself with wonderful, productive people, you become enhanced. Your level of happiness increases, which is your success.
Eddie Izzard|Just as food eaten without appetite is a tedious nourishment, so does study without zeal damage the memory by not assimilating what it absorbs.
George Gaylord Simpson|When great forces are on the move in the world, we learn we are spirits - not animals.
Hypatia|Fables should be taught as fables, myths as myths, and miracles as poetic fancies. To teach superstitions as truths is a most terrible thing. The child mind accepts and believes them, and only through great pain and perhaps tragedy can he be in after years relieved of them. In fact, men will fight for a superstition quite as quickly as for a living truth — often more so, since a superstition is so intangible you cannot get at it to refute it, but truth is a point of view, and so is changeable.
Anthony T.Hincks|In God's garden even the weeds are beautiful.In my garden, I've only got weeds. I think they're a nuisance.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|At the center of a man's purpose rests the hunger for competition, war, chaos, and calmness. You take it away, there is nothing but a self-reflection of stagnation for him.
Damond Jiniya|The past will disappear if we forget we existed".
Barbara Grizzuti Harrison|Even today, some opt for the comforts of mystification, preferring to believe that the wonders of the ancient world were built by Atlanteans, gods, or space travelers, instead of by thousands toiling in the sun. Such thinking robs our forerunners of their due, and us of their experience. Because then one can believe whatever one likes about the past - without having to confront the bones, potsherds, and inscriptions which tell us that people all over the world, time and again, have made similar advances and mistakes.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|To ignore, repress, or dismiss our feelings is to fail to listen to the stirrings of the Spirit within our emotional life. Jesus listened. In John's Gospel we are told that Jesus was moved with the deepest emotions (11:33)... The gospel portrait of the beloved Child of Abba is that of a man exquisitely attuned to His emotions and uninhibited in expressing them. The Son of Man did not scorn of reject feelings as fickle and unreliable. They were sensitive antennae to which He listened carefully and through which He perceived the will of His Father for congruent speech and action.
Śāntideva|For a practitioner of love and compassion, an enemy is one of the most important teachers. Without an enemy you cannot practice tolerance, and without tolerance you cannon build a sound basis of compassion. So in order to practice compassion, you should have an enemy.When you face your enemy who is going to hurt you, that is the real time to practice tolerance. Therefore, an enemy is the cause of the practice of tolerance; tolerance is the effect or result of an enemy. So those are cause and effect. As is said, "Once something has the relationship of arising from that thing, one cannot consider that thing from which it arises as a harmer; rather it assists the production of the effect.
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|Just because love don't look the way you think it should, don't mean you don't have it.
Greg Rucka, Lazarus, Vol. 4: Poison|The idea that the Big Bang theory allows us to infer that the universe began to exist about 15 billion years ago has attracted the attention of many theists. This theory seemed to confirm or at least lend support to the theological doctrine of creation ex nihilo. Indeed, the suggestion of a divine creation seemed so compelling that the notion that "God created the Big Bang" has taken a hold on popular consciousness and become a staple in the theistic component of ‘educated common sense’. By contrast, the response of atheists and agnostics to this development has been comparatively lame.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|The limitation prompting folly " was an attitude of superiority so dense as to be impenetrable.
Josephine Akhagbeme|There are a thousand excuses for failure but never a good reason,"-Mark Twain
Jay Crownover, Rowdy|Even though I approached girls relentlessly, I wasn't really approachable myself.
Warren Ellis, Crécy|These things are going to look primitive to you, but you have to remember that we’re not stupid. We have the same intelligence as you. We simply don’t have the same cumulative knowledge you do. So we apply our intelligence to what we have.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|An eye for an eye.”“That's a revenge thing, right? From some play.”“The Bible, darling. The Lord of all plays.
Alexandra Horowitz, Inside of a Dog: What Dogs See, Smell, and Know|Ginger is not distracted by the way things could be, used to be, or should be. She perceives only what is. Our reliance on the intuition of a dog is often a way to find permission to have an opinion we might otherwise be forced to call (God forbid) unsubstantiated.
E.L. Doctorow|Someone dying asks if there is life after death. Yes, comes the answer, only not yours.
Euginia Herlihy|I guarantee it will change your life, but only because everything does, however small.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk|My reputation as a ladies' man was a joke. It caused me to laugh bitterly through the 10,000 nights I spent alone.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|So what’s your story?” Ryan asks.Avery looks up at him, hand still in the water. “My story?”“Yeah. Everybody has at least one.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|The menu is spectacular. Passed hors d'oeuvres include caramelized shallot tartlets topped with Gorgonzola, cubes of crispy pork belly skewered with fresh fig, espresso cups of chilled corn soup topped with spicy popcorn, mini arepas filled with rare skirt steak and chimichurri and pickle onions, and prawn dumplings with a mango serrano salsa. There is a raw bar set up with three kinds of oysters, and a raclette station where we have a whole wheel of the nutty cheese being melted to order, with baby potatoes, chunks of garlic sausage, spears of fresh fennel, lightly pickled Brussels sprouts, and hunks of sourdough bread to pour it over. When we head up for dinner, we will start with a classic Dover sole amandine with a featherlight spinach flan, followed by a choice of seared veal chops or duck breast, both served with creamy polenta, roasted mushrooms, and lacinato kale. Next is a light salad of butter lettuce with a sharp lemon Dijon vinaigrette, then a cheese course with each table receiving a platter of five cheeses with dried fruits and nuts and three kinds of bread, followed by the panna cottas. Then the cake, and coffee and sweets. And at midnight, chorizo tamales served with scrambled eggs, waffle sticks with chicken fingers and spicy maple butter, candied bacon strips, sausage biscuit sandwiches, and vanilla Greek yogurt parfaits with granola and berries on the "breakfast" buffet, plus cheeseburger sliders, mini Chicago hot dogs, little Chinese take-out containers of pork fried rice and spicy sesame noodles, a macaroni-and-cheese bar, and little stuffed pizzas on the "snack food" buffet. There will also be tiny four-ounce milk bottles filled with either vanilla malted milk shakes, root beer floats made with hard root beer, Bloody Marys, or mimosas.
Chana Levitan, I Only Want to Get Married Once: Dating Secrets for Getting It Right the First Time|You hardly know me and yet you invited me out on a date,’ said Miss Dearheart. ‘Why?’Because you called me a phoney, Moist thought. You saw through me straight away. Because you didn’t nail my head to the door with your crossbow. Because you have no small talk. Because I’d like to get to know you better, even though it would be like smooching an ashtray. Because I wonder if you could put into the rest of your life the passion you put into smoking a cigarette. In defiance of Miss Maccalariat I’d like to commit hanky-panky with you, Miss Adora Belle Dearheart… well, certainly hanky, and possibly panky when we get to know one another better. I’d like to know as much about your soul as you know about mine…He said: ‘Because I hardly know you.’‘If it comes to that, I hardly know you, either,’ said Miss Dearheart.‘I’m rather banking on that,’ said Moist. This got a smile.‘Smooth answer. Slick. Where are we really eating tonight?
Sunday Adelaja|Darkness, that is, ignorance, limits our visibility.
John Wayne|The truth is, no one of us can be free until everybody is free.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Had Keirah and her sisters known what was set in motion the day their stones appeared and how personally they would be affected by it, they would have still fought the darkness, still battled for what belonged to them.
Gail Davis|If your repentance and God's forgiveness of your sin does not lead to total surrender to God, you should wonder if you truly repented.
Sarah Brocious, The Awakening|I have no idea what you are doing...who you really are, but there's something about you that makes me think you are good for me." ~Raina
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|CA student is composition of a Compassionate, Cheerful, and Cool aspirant. I will be a Chartered Accountant.
Petra Hermans|Exile from society allows person to disengage from meaningless activities and develop conscious awareness. A person’s courageous struggle to eliminate the trepidation of social exile produces insights into what it means to be human. We can displace emotional disquiet by living a heightened state of existence. How a person’s resolves the tremendous anxiety and dizziness that impetus comes from contemplating the inevitability of death, human freedom of choice, the moral responsibilities attendant to living in a selected manner, existential isolation, and the possibility of nothingness establishes a governing philosophical framework. A person must not rue ouster from society because release from moral and societal constraints spurs learning and advanced consciousness.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|If there is one thing in this world that I was raised and trained to know, it is that there is only so much you may ask of the gods. Victory in battle is their lightest gift; a quiet heart is your own concern.
bell hooks, Sisters of the Yam: Black Women and Self-Recovery|I mostly want to remind her of the recipes of healing, and give her my own made-on-the spot remedy for the easing of her pain. I tell her, “Get a pen. Stop crying so you can write this down and start working on it tonight.” My remedy is long. But the last item on the list says: “When you wake up and find yourself living someplace where there is nobody you love and trust, no community, it is time to leave town – to pack up and go (you can even go tonight). And where you need to go is any place where there are arms that can hold you, that will not let you go.
Boris Pasternak|The great majority of us are required to live a life of constant, systematic duplicity. Your health is bound to be affected if, day after day, you say the opposite of what you feel, if you grovel before what you dislike and rejoice at what brings you nothing but misfortune.
Patrick Carman, The Dark Hills Divide|We are part of a system that includes trees. Without trees, we will eventually all
M.T. Anderson|It’s easy to be a hero when your own survival is aligned with someone else’s, when your victory is a victory for your entire clan.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wolves travel in packs, not in herds.
Neale Donald Walsch|If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best.
Magnus Flyte, City of Dark Magic|Men were ridiculous, in all cultures and across time.
Andrew Young|I wear jewellery that I never take off. I have a ring and two necklaces. I always have them on and get scared when I have to take them off for photo shoots. The ring is my mum's mum's mum's, and she gave it to me for my 18th birthday. The necklace is the same one that my sister has. She's called Hannah, and the name is the chain.
Francis Collins|I have in the past overly trusted people and was, in turn, let down by some. Since then, I have learned the difference between putting faith into people and blindly trusting them.
G.G. Collins, Atomic Medium|We're three women from two different centuries, trying to save the world from oblivion. I don't know about you, but that's way above my pay grade.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|To his shock, as Saarang turned the first page, the words slowly transformed into small cylinders, except for one-letter words which preferred being spheres, and started rolling toward the vertical edges of the book.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|It's been nice knowing you, Clara.'Huh? My brain still a bit shell-shocked.'Say a prayer for me, will you? He gives me a shaky grin. Because I'm pretty sure my parents are going to kill me
Will Ferrell|Action and reaction, ebb and flow, trial and error, change - this is the rhythm of living. Out of our over-confidence, fear; out of our fear, clearer vision, fresh hope. And out of hope, progress.
Narjit Singh|You dont need a thousand dollars to do something good for someone, You just need the right intention for it
Wataru Watari, やはり俺の青春ラブコメはまちがっている 1|Deryn put her own arms around herself, but it didn't feel the same."Barking spiders," she muttered softly,
Michael Crichton, The Lost World|All your life people will tell you things. And most of the time, probably ninety-five percent of the time, what they'll tell you will be wrong.
Craig Childs, The Animal Dialogues: Uncommon Encounters in the Wild|And then he draws the lamb in one smooth strong stroke, and slaps and rakes its wet mosslike fur to make it breathe, feels the power of its fast heartbeat in the chicken-bone cage of its ribs, still wet in his hands from the grease of birth, all these things of life, from jissom to mucus slavered between thighs to the wet sack of birth and glistening oiled newborn thing—all of these things of life awatered.
Pam Billinge, The Spell of the Horse|I understood then, with absolute certainty, that theability of the horse to sense emotion, energy and spirit isbeyond what most of the human world realises. This is whytheir impact on us can be so instant, so consistentlypositive, so transformational.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|We think of faith as a source of comfort and understanding but find our expressions of faith sowing division; we believe ourselves to be a tolerant people even as racial, religious, and cultural tensions roil the landscape. And instead of resolving these tensions or mediating these conflicts, our politics fans them, exploits them,and drives us further apart.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|Death by plane crash scares me. I travel a lot, and when you hit turbulence, and post 9/11, that's in the back of my mind a bit.
Nour Zikra|...if the actor gave his performance without knowing that he was in a play, then his tears would be real tears and his life a real life. And whenever I think of this pain and joy that rise up in me, I am carried away by the knowledge that the game I am playing is the most serious and exciting there is.
Elif Shafak|My interest in Sufism began when I was a college student. At the time, I was a rebellious young woman who liked to wrap several shawls of ‘-isms’ around her shoulders: I was a leftist, feminist, nihilist, environmentalist, anarcho-pacifist…I wasn’t interested in any religion and the difference between ‘religiosity’ and ‘spirituality’ was lost to me. Having spent some time of my childhood with a loving grandmother with many superstitions and beliefs, I had a sense the world was not composed of solely material things and there was more to life than I could see. But the truth is, I wasn’t interested in understanding the world. I only wanted to change it.
Marty Rubin|Poor food and water for dinner, a bent arm for a pillow – that is where joy resides. For me, wealth and renown without honor are nothing but drifting clouds.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|We have to free half of the human race, the women, so that they can help to free the other half."~ Emmeline Pankhurst
Fred Allen|When two men in business always agree, one of them is unnecessary.
Shinichi Suzuki|It is still breathtaking to me to watch people bring love, preciousness and kindness to their inner world, allowing the light of God to shine through their eyes so that the beauty of their soul can come forth.
Randi Weingarten|As a former teacher and someone who has devoted her entire career to children and public schools, I understand the pain and frustration of parents who feel their children are not receiving the education they deserve.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The issue is not simply one of needing to save the world, but also of needing to solve the problem of the loss of soul throughout the modern world. Part of what has been lost in the reckless rushing of modernity is the sense that each life has an authentic interior that shelters important emotions as well as inherent purpose, and that the dignity of existence includes a necessary instinct to unfold the unique story woven inside each living soul.
Richard Rohr|Faith for Jesus is the opposite of anxiety. If you are anxious, if you are trying to control everything, if you are worried about many things, you don’t have faith, according to Jesus. You do not trust that God is good and on your side. You’re trying to do it all yourself, lift yourself up by your own bootstraps.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|The only alternative to making mistakes is for someone to make all your decisions for you, in which case you will make their mistakes instead of your own.
Josh Billings|Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt of, not swallowed.
Markus Zusak|The acrid odor of overloaded circuitry permeated the air, the horrid smell witness that at least one of his senses was working as sights and sounds became one with the unknown. Eventually he collapsed to the floor, wondering if he'd wake up in mortality. Then the muddled spectra went black, the silence that followed only possible in the deepest sectors of space. Or death.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The mystic, identifying neither with his-her race-religion-gender nor with any mind-made blunder, lives and dies in One's splendor.
Keith Ferrazzi, Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time|If a great mansion is located in a wrong environment, it loses its real value! So it is, when a great and true genius fails to get the right stage, its real value is least seen!
Bai Ling|It's hard to watch your life unfold, and sad. Life changes.
James Altucher|I like to accept it all, the negative and the positive.
Delmore Schwartz, Last and Lost Poems|Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
Orson Pratt|What I see in the Bible, especially in the book of Psalms, which is a book of gratitude for the created world, is a recognition that all good things on Earth are God's, every good gift is from above. They are good if we recognize where they came from and if we treat them the way the Designer intended them to be treated.
Brooke Hauser, The New Kids: Big Dreams and Brave Journeys at a High School for Immigrant Teens|A newcomer could ascertain the identity of a town's true leaders – which storekeeper was respected, which farmer was listened to other farmers – only through endless hours of subtle probing of reticent men.
Gemma Hatchback|If a man is highly sexed he's virile. If a woman is, she's a nymphomaniac. With them it's power but with us it's a disease! Even the act of sex is called penetration! Why don't they call it enclosure?
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|The rule of thumb for all news operations is that stories are assigned their importance on the basis of what affects or interests the greatest number of one's readers or viewers. Depending on the nature of the newspaper or broadcast, the balance between what "affects" and what "interests" is quite different. The first criteria of a responsible newspaper such as The New York Times is going to be that which their readers need to know about their world that day — those developments that in one way or another might affect their health, their pocketbooks, the future of themselves and their children. The first criterion of the tabloid is that which "interests" its readers — gossip, sex, scandal.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|Yes it is, because you can only be brave if you're scared.
Debasish Mridha|I am the seeker of love, I am the giver of love, and I became the love.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|His punch knocked her back a meter into the wall. His fist had moved of his own volition, carrying a rage and frustration all its own. To his dismay, she didn’t fall. People so small as her always fell.No tears pooled in her eyes; instead they flared golden amber as she rubbed her jaw and pushed off the wall to stand rigid straight. A peculiar smile danced across her lips as blood trickled from the corner of her mouth and down her chin.
H.G. Wells|Monsters can live inside a person. Sometimes, they know about it. More often, they don’t. The monster makes them feel safe, or at the very least, better. As long as you know it’s there, you can co-exist with it. Give it what it wants, and it will return the favor. Other times, the monster takes over.Bares its teeth.
Jim Thompson, The Nothing Man|He peered into the night-dark windows of the afflicted girls, whispering names and stirring fits into their dreams until their own screams awakened them. The girls concocted fantastic stories of witches and curses and torture at the hands of specters. More accusers joined their ranks without his nurturing, puppets of their own envy. Such imagination, such dedication to the destruction of their own. And all in his name. It touched his dark soul.
Kemi Sogunle|If your level of anger or bitterness is not leading to a change in your life or relationship, it is because your ego is dominating.
Brandon Bays, The Journey: A Practical Guide to Healing Your Life and Setting Yourself Free|[M]y only route was trust: trust in a *deeper* wisdom, the wisdom responsible for making my heart beat, my eyes shine, my hair grow; trust in the infinite intelligence responsible for making my cells replicate; trust in the part of me that is awake when I'm asleep at night.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|If you see success as a race, then you will start eagerly with enthusiasm and passion with the hope of finishing quickly but there is much more to your success journey than your duration and speed.
Lita Ford|I think Nina Simone has had an amazing journey. She was spicy and she had attitude and she didn't care, she wanted her money in a paper bag and don't mess with me and I've been doing some research on that so.
Denzel Washington|I try my best, but at the same time, I try not to let being out with someone affect my everyday life. Like, if I want to go out and grab a smoothie with a friend who's a male, I'm not gonna let the paparazzi stop me from doing that and living my life and just being a normal person.
Karon Waddell|When you continuously give attention to a positive thought, it becomes a dominant thought. Repeating this thought will become a bigger part of your vibration.
Nargis Fakhri|I'm a feminist, but I think that romance has been taken away a bit for my generation. I think what people connect with in novels is this idea of an overpowering, encompassing love - and it being more important and special than anything and everything else.
William Shakespeare, The Two Gentlemen of Verona|O, how this spring of love resemblethThe uncertain glory of an April day,Which now shows all the beauty of the sun,And by and by a cloud takes all away!
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it. (21)
Shannon L. Alder|God is up to something, but you will never know unless you figure out the difference between who is the messenger carrying your future and who is the person holding you back.
Rampo Edogawa|Sir,' I interrupted him, 'you are inexorable for that unfortunate lady; you speak of her with hate --- with vindictive antipathy. It is cruel --- she cannot help being mad.
Eileen Anglin|The question to ask ourselves; "Would you rather be right or would you rather have peace?" Some battles are worth fighting, and some are not.If being "right" is more important than having peace, and the cause doesn't evolve or enhance life, then we must ask ourselves; "why do I need to be right?"The question to ask in our own lives. At our work, within our homes and in our global community.
Alexander Graham Bell|For we all of us, grave or light, get our thoughts entangled in metaphors, and act fatally on the strength of them.
Molly Cochran|If I write as well as I golf, I'm in trouble!
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|Seek a slower, simpler life.
Paul Fussell, The Great War and Modern Memory|The implicit optimism of the [field service post card] is worth noting—the way it offers no provision for transmitting news like “I have lost my left leg” or “I have been admitted into hospital wounded and do not expect to recover.” Because it provided no way of saying “I am going up the line again,” its users had to improvise. Wilfred Owen had an understanding with his mother that when he used a double line to cross out “I am being sent down to the base,” he meant he was at the front again. Close to brilliant is the way the post card allows one to admit to no state of health between being “quite” well, on the one hand, and, on the other, being so sick that one is in hospital.
Anne Lamott, Small Victories: Spotting Improbable Moments of Grace|I am a Christian because of God's grace. I find it in no other faith system. The Christian gospel is rather simple. I love the way Tim Keller puts it: "I am so flawed that Jesus had to die for me, yet I am so loved and valued that Jesus was glad to die for me." The result is that I neither swagger nor snivel; I live with thanksgiving, overwhelmed and overjoyed by grace. This path seems to lead us to a place of needing to be noticed less often, and being less concerned with how we're thought of.
Val Uchendu|Everyday we are innudated with exciting string of events on social media and news, even suffer sensory overload at times. Keep it simple; embrace one thing at a time
Barney Norris, Five Rivers Met on a Wooded Plain|Summertime is a period for youthful explorations, a joyful time when we learn lessons without grand expectations or harsh consequences.
Phillips Brooks|Though I do not believe that a plant will spring up where no seed has been, I have great faith in a seed... Convince me that you have a seed there, and I am prepared to expect wonders.
Derek Walcott|Break a vase, and the love that reassembles the fragments is stronger than that love which took its symmetry for granted when it was whole.
Stephen Hawking|It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
Nick Saban|Back in the day for me was a great time in my life - I was in my 20s. Most people refer to their experiences in their twenties as being a highlight in their life. It's a period of time where you often develop your own way, your own sound, your own identity, and that happened with me, when I was with a great teacher - Miles Davis.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|And finally, and above all love will conquer.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We must pray for our leaders, to rule in righteousness.
Sesan Kareem|You can run from Tokyo to Toronto, from Cairo to Bamako and end your sojourn in Okokomaiko in order to proffer solutions to your life’s challenges, but this will not guarantee you victory. You can decide to be bitter and ignore anything that suggests victory but this will not amount to an ounce of success. However, if you have faith in God; put your trust in Him and rely solely on Him. I assure you that He will take care of your needs and make you a shining light among your peers.
A.L.O.E., Claudia|Perhaps her requirements were too great,Or her indulgence for human weakness too small,For her attempts to form a friendship had alwaysEnded in disappointment.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|I'm not the athlete I was when I was training for the Olympics in '92 or when I was working out every single day. I have to live in moderation: I work out three or four days a week, and I smile while I'm working out - I really do enjoy it. I work out with my girlfriends and make it a social competition.
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Falling in love with a writer is a dangerous thing, isn't it? The only thing you get out of it sometimes is immortality.
Dylan Thomas|Though lovers be lost, love shall not; And death shall have no dominion.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|the most lovable of exceptional American qualities (is) our tradition of insisting that we are part of the middle class, even if we aren’t, and of interacting with our fellow citizens as if we were all middle class.
