Stefan Molyneux|It is good to recall that three centuries ago, around the year 1660, two of the greatest monuments of modern history were erected, one in the West and one in the East; St. Paul's Cathedral in London and the Taj Mahal in Agra. Between them, the two symbolize, perhaps better than words can describe, the comparative level of architectural technology, the comparative level of craftsmanship and the comparative level of affluence and sophistication the two cultures had attained at that epoch of history. But about the same time there was also created—and this time only in the West—a third monument, a monument still greater in its eventual import for humanity. This was Newton's Principia, published in 1687. Newton's work had no counterpart in the India of the Mughals.
Wheston Chancellor Grove, Who Has Known Heights|A hug is a display of love that begins on the physical end of the spectrum but bleeds into the emotional end of the spectrum if you let it, if you give into it. It’s the most innocent, pure form of physical human connection there is. It only takes two willing people, who don’t even have to know each other, to participate. Two willing people who want that exchange. It’s so easy, but there are people who never get them. People who never get them,” she repeats softly, it’s a confession.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Great leaders are inspired by a challenge, a need, a problem, an issue that needs to be corrected.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Extinguish my eyes, I'll go on seeing you.Seal my ears, I'll go on hearing you.And without feet I can make my way to you,without a mouth I can swear your name.Break off my arms, I'll take hold of youwith my heart as with a hand.Stop my heart, and my brain will start to beat.And if you consume my brain with fire,I'll feel you burn in every drop of my blood.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|Indeed, the only cause of their [Rome] perishing was that they chose for their protectors gods condemned to perish.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|There was the bulge and the glitter, and there was the cold grip way down in the stomach as though somebody had laid hold of something in there, in the dark which is you, with a cold hand in a cold rubber glove. It was like the second when you come home late at night and see the yellow envelope of the telegram sticking out from under your door and you lean and pick it up, but don't open it yet, not for a second. While you stand there in the hall, with the envelope in your hand, you feel there's an eye on you, a great big eye looking straight at you from miles and dark and through walls and houses and through your coat and vest and hide and sees you huddled up way inside, in the dark which is you, inside yourself, like a clammy, sad little fetus you carry around inside yourself. The eye knows what's in the envelope, and it is watching you to see you when you open it and know, too. But the clammy, sad little fetus which is you way down in the dark which is you too lifts up its sad little face and its eyes are blind, and it shivers cold inside you for it doesn't want to know what is in that envelope. It wants to lie in the dark and not know, and be warm in its not-knowing.
Debra Messing|I noticed that no matter where I went in the country, there was this group of questions that got asked. I would track them and keep them in categories. Like body image, school, family, friendship, you name it, the emotional life of a teenage girl.
Shauna Niequist, Present Over Perfect: Leaving Behind Frantic for a Simpler, More Soulful Way of Living|It seems to me that one of the great hazards is quick love, which is actually charm. We get used to smiling, hugging, bantering, practicing good eye contact. And it's easier then true, slow, awkward and painful connection with someone who sees all the worst parts of you. Your act is easy. Being with you, deeply with, is difficult.
Alberto Manguel|We read to under­stand our intu­ition of the world, to dis­cover that some­one a thou­sand miles and years away has put into words our most inti­mate desires and our most secret fears. Reading is a col­lab­o­ra­tive act.
Dr. J. Otis Yoder, Biblical Economics|The divine order of human society from primeval days was based upon certain rights conveyed by the Creator. The right of position, next to God; the right to procreate, in order to be in charge; the right to procure, in order to survive. These rights of necessity required man to maintain a meaningful and submissive relation to God who bestowed them.
Stacy Snapp-Killian aka StacyK|It is during a time of failure we bury a past and resurrect a future. Becoming righteous, discerning, and wise are our most prized possessions and across every cultures-this is the greatest feat of all human life.
Mark Waters|I find humor to be the most attractive characteristic, but I certainly won't cancel anything out, considering when you love someone you love someone, and sometimes you just can't explain it.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Yes, Marya thought, the smell of woodsmoke and old snow pushing back her long black hair. Magic does that. It wastes you away. Once it grips you by the ear, the real world gets quieter and quieter, until you can hardly hear it at all.
Leeza Donatella, The State of Being Love: Steps to Raise Your Vibration for a Joy Filled Life|When we raise our vibration to the state of "Being Love," we change and our world shifts into something so delicious and intoxicating that words hardly do justice to its description.
Laura Peyton Roberts, Queen B|Don’t keep your greatness; exhibit it to the admiration of all but note however also to keep your precious something hidden for discovery. When it is discovered, it shall win awe and admiration, and it shall be an inspiration!
Christopher M. Morgan, One Enduring Story: A Basic Guide to Safely Navigating the Biblical Terrain|Whatever you do in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks through Him to God the Father.
Daniel Ek|However, there is no legal and legitimate state called Israel.
Kelli Russell Agodon|Maybe if I could slip into Sylvia's mind, sort out the spices in her rack, alphabetize them and dust them off. Maybe then I'd understand how it's the little things that pull you under.
Mark Slouka, Essays from the Nick of Time: Reflections and Refutations|3. War Peace & Action - 3B.02 LOVE & PEACEHatred goes not by hatred,Violence not by violence,Disappear hatred and violence,By love, understanding, non-violence.[241]	- 3B
10,000 Maniacs|We have more ways to get our news than ever, which is supposed to be a good thing, because more competition is supposed to challenge you to do better. However, in this social media age, what is has done is allowed the information business to be a free- rein free-for-all. Old rules of journalistic integrity have been thrown out the window. Everyone has been given the conch, and no one knows what to do with it. Instead of using the new-media landscape to spur us to higher quality, we have instead become sloppier than ever: Tweet first, research later. Post first, rescind later. Guess first, confirm later.
Megan Karasch, Tales from My Hard Drive|Later, with strange galaxies turning in slow gavotte overhead, neither thought the act of love had ever been so sweet, so full
Marcel Proust|Good things don't happen to "good people"; good things happen to happy people.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|I don't think we get a choice in who we fall for," Ian whispers. "I think we just do.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are angry for one second, it leaves you with only fifty-nine seconds of happiness.
Hemant Pandey, Secrets to modern woman's heart: Learn what women really want : Be ready to be shocked! (3rd Edition)|World gives everything to those who don’t need it. (Matthew Effect). More you have it, more they give it to you
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|We're all just marionettes, Ashline," Eve said softly. "Dangling, dancing, waiting. You can pretend like you pull your own strings, but in the end your only hope is that you've landed in the hands of someone who knows what the hell they're doing.
Edith Piaf|When you're in the States and you're a writer and you've got money and you walk into a bank, you're a bum with money.
Justin Lee, Torn: Rescuing the Gospel from the Gays-vs.-Christians Debate|Dost thou renounce Satan, and all his Angels, and all his works, and all his services, and all his pride?" ...The first act of the Christian life is a renunciation, a challenge. No one can be Christ's until he has, first, faced evil, and then become ready to fight it. How far is this spirit from the way in which we often proclaim, or to use a more modern term, "sell" Christianity today! ... How could we then speak of "fight" when the very set-up of our churches must, by definition, convey the idea of softness, comfort, peace? ... One does not see very well where and how "fight" would fit into the weekly bulletin of a suburban parish, among all kings of counseling sessions, bake sales, and "young adult" get-togethers. ..."Dost thou unite thyself unto Christ?
Iain M. Banks|[I]t would be a niceness that was enforced leniently, patiently and gracefully, with the sort of unflappable self-certainty [they] couldn't help displaying when all its statistics proved that it really was doing the right thing.
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|Be careful with this one" said Dina, bending down to greet the cat. "All cats are half jinn, but I think she's three quarters.
Jeffrey Fry|Success comes not from having certainty, but being able to live with uncertainty.
Faith Sullivan, Take Me Now|Sick, twisted Abby was in love with the sick, twisted, beautiful Jake.
Christina Rossetti|Where there are no God, we would be in this glorious world with grateful hearts and no one to thank.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|Since well before the Kung's engine noise first penetrated the forest, a conversation of sorts has been unfolding in this lonesome hollow. It is not a language like Russian or Chinese but it is a language nonetheless, and it is older than the forest. The crows speak it; the dog speaks it; the tiger speaks it, and so do the men--some more fluently than others.
Craig Sager|Medical care is one of the only sectors in which Americans are asked to make significant, long-term decisions without knowing the exact price of those decisions up front. Americans deserve to make informed decisions about their medical options.
Temple Grandin, Thinking in Pictures: My Life with Autism|Animals shouldn’t be hunted and nature shouldn’t be disturbed, even destroyed, to benefit the whims of mankind
Tim Allen|The men and women who serve this great nation, whether they are stationed in Iraq, Fort Riley, or the Korean Peninsula, or they serve us at home as our community first responders, serve because they believe in America.
Gabriel García Márquez|No, not rich. I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.
Jimmy Smits|They say that people teach what they need to learn. By adopting the role of happiness teacher, if only for myself, I was trying to find the method to conquer my particular faults and limitations.
Friedrich Nietzsche|This does not mean that the one presenting the hypothesis should be resolute to disbelieve his or her postulate but rather the person should be resolute to leave the expressed opinion should they be thoroughly convinced of its lack of accuracy and poignant truth. Whether this truth is made through poetic license and artistic dramatic presentation or through clinical analysis of facts or both, the truth must be embraced not merely denied by blind faith of either new atheism or religious ideals. New or old is of no consequence, only truth and compassion are of value.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we’d all settled down from that first night, Julie found a bag on the porch, which we thought must have been left by the same three girls who had brought me to them. Just like the clues on my skin, I’d only been left with two worldly possessions. The first was a wad of cash that I immediately handed to Ben and Julie as compensation for giving me a home. Most of it went to pay for Akinli’s medical bills, which was fine with me. I didn’t know if there was a word bigger than soul mates, something that meant the feeling of being so connected that it was hard to tell where one person ended and the other began. If there was, that word belonged to Akinli and me.The second thing was a bottle of water. It was so peculiar, this water, a blue that was both dark and brilliant, too thick to see through but still carrying light. No matter the season, it was always cold, and there were tiny shells in it that never settled.Sometimes I slept with it, even though it was cold enough to wake me up if I rolled on it the wrong way. It was the only clue I had to tell me who I had been before the night I was left on the porch, and I loved it second only to Akinli.Somehow, I knew that this love was important, as if treasuring the water meant I treasured myself. And I did. I loved my recovering body, I loved my blue-eyed soul mate, I loved my adopted family.I held the water to my chest, and I loved.
Pat Robertson|National independence, and the preceding political struggles, helped create the space for literary creation in many post-colonial countries. Much of modern Indian or Chinese literature is inconceivable without the political movement for freedom from foreign rule.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Saying of the Mulla Nasrudin. If I survive this life without dying, I'll be surprised.
Ramana Maharshi|As African economies boom and businesses are created, one of the big questions this growth raises is that of third-level education: how can Africa develop a knowledge infrastructure to rival that of the west, a sort of Harvard University in Africa?
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|Yeah, yeah, success is a ladder, a marathon instead of a sprint and all that crap. Everyone can TELL you stuff like that, but you really have to understand advice in relation to YOURSELF, or it's all just nice intellectual theory.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|Blake hung an arm on my shoulders. “Alone at last.”“I’m right here,” Logan said.“Maybe you shouldn’t be.
Kamala Suraiyya Das, Wages of Love|If wrappings of cloth can impart respectability, the most respectable persons are the Egyptian mummies, all wrapped in layers and layers of gauze
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Shamanism is not simply a component of society: on the contrary, shamanism, together with its tiered cosmos, can be said to be the overall framework of society.
Lee Smith, On Agate Hill|There is something the child sees that he does not see; something the child hears that he does not hear; and this something is the most important thing of all. Because he does not understand it, his understanding is more childish than the child's and more simple than simplicity itself; in spite of the many clever wrinkles on his parchment face, and the masterly play of his fingers in unravelling the knots.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, The Indiscreet Letter|Is lawlessness to be permitted, simply because it is effected with a certain style? Jane, Jane! Where are your finer sensibilities? All o'erthrown, by a man with a golden tongue and a mocking glance?
Evelyn Shepherd|And human will is the strongest force ever created. There are those born to succeed and those who are determined to succeed. The former fall into it, and the latter pursue it all costs. They won't be denied.Nothing daunts them.
Kristin Cast, Untamed|I wanted what most people wanted—love, companionship.I wanted someone to touch. I wanted someone to touch me back.I wanted someone to laugh with, someone who would laugh with me, laugh at me.I wanted someone who looked and sawme . Not my power, not my position.I wanted someone to say my name. To call out, “Merit,” when it was time to go, or when we arrived.Someone who wanted to say to someone else, with pride, “I’m here with her. With Merit.”I wanted all those things. Indivisibly.But I didn’t want them from Morgan.
Cory R Lewis|Life can be compared to fishing, you can get anything you want, as long as you use the right bait.
Francis Parker Yockey, The Enemy of Europe/The Enemy of Our Enemies|Europe is equal to its historical task. Against the anti-spiritual, anti-heroic 'ideals' of America-Jewry, Europe pits its metaphysical ideas, its faith in its Destiny, its ethical principles, its heroism. Fearlessly, Europe falls in for battle, knowing it is armed with the mightiest weapon ever forged by History: the superpersonal Destiny of the European organism. Our European Mission is to create the Culture-State-Nation-Imperium of the West, and thereby we shall perform such deeds, accomplish such works, and so transform our world that our distant posterity, when they behold the remains of our buildings and ramparts, will tell their grandchildren that on the soil of Europe once dwelt a tribe of gods.
Henry Kravis|My professional life has been a constant record of disillusion, and many things that seem wonderful to most men are the every-day commonplaces of my business.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|There are few reasons for telling the truth, but for lying the number is infinite.
Sten F. Odenwald|My sense of self has expanded and contracted like a schizophrenic accordion. I have questioned everything, and I have felt nothing. I have told the universe to f**k off, and I have fallen down weeping at its compassionate response.
Jennifer Arnett, Day One: A Novella|Today it happen this, tomorrow who knows what will happen??
Vicki Alayne Bradley, Finding Home: A Creative Journey on a Trip Around the World|He’d do what was best for her. He’d take her to safety and send her back home to a bright future…with amore honorable man than him. The stick broke in his hand, and he muttered an oath.All he wanted was for Amelia to be safe and happy, dammit. That and to beat every honorable man in England into the dust.
Mads Mikkelsen|I thought it'd be cool to start my own university, in a way.
Isaac Stern|I would like to be known as an 'artist'. Whether that be music, acting, sketching, cooking, whatever. I'm interested in all of those things.
Karl Lagerfeld|I'm very down to Earth, I'm just not from this Earth.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|The Christian stoic who has crushed his feelings is only two-thirds of a man; an important third part has been repudiated. Holy feeling had an important place in the life of our Lord. “For the joy that was set before Him” He endured the cross and despised its shame. He pictured Himself crying, “Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|All right I think we've been down here in the dark long enough. There's a whole other world upstairs. Take my hand, Constant Reader, and I'll be happy to lead you back into the sunshine. I'm happy to go there because I believe most people are essentially good. I know that I am. It's you I'm not entirely sure of.
Martin Luther King Jr.|And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
Marsha Norman|The theater is a communal event, like church. The playwright constructs a mass to be performed for a lot of people. She writes a prayer, which is really just the longings of one heart.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|Much more likely you’ll hurt me. Still what does it matter? If I’ve got to suffer, it may as well be at your hands, your pretty hands.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Deciding to spit in the eye of every homely matron who ever warned her children not to stare into the sun directly, you crank the titanic telescope around to look directly towards the sun, the center of our solar system.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Teenagers - tired of being hassled by your parents?Act now!Move out, get a job, pay your own bills.....while you still know everything.
Mike Dooley, Notes from the Universe Coloring Book|Don't disguise your tears, don't hide your sadness, don't be afraid to find out who you really are. Because in those fleeting moments you'll summon such beauty and strength that, in no time at all, you'll fully grasp exactly why you're so gossiped about here in the unseen
Anton Chekhov|what are you looking for? There is no Truth. There's only action, action obeying a million different impulses, ephemeral action, action subjected to every possible and imaginable contingency and contradiction, Life. Life is crime, theft, jealousy, hunger, lies, disgust,stupidity, sickness, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, piles of corpses. what can you do about it, my poor friend?
Ronald P. Chavez, Winds of Wildfire|When I write to please everybody, it falls flat. When I write what I know, fearlessly, It won't please everybody, but it doesn't fall flat.
Kameron Hurley|...at the heart of sexism is the construction of gender polarization, in which femininity and masculinity are assumed to be clearly delineated and any transgression of this pattern warrants punitive measures.
Erik Pevernagie|Unexpected clashes between past and present may arouse a surge of bewilderment, but ‘time’ can be a redeemer and heal mental wreckage. Time might prove to be a dependable ally and a reliable coach to find a new inspiring sequel for the future. (“Disruption”)
Debasish Mridha|We can make peace in this landWe are courageous soldier of peace with Loving heart and caring hand.We can bring joy in this landWe are joyful, we are blissful With loving heart and caring hand.We can bring kindness in this landWe are hopeful, we are faithful With loving heart and caring hand.We can bring harmony in this landWe have different color and religionBut with loving heart and caring hand.
George Whitefield, The Method of Grace. a Sermon, Preached on Sabbath Morning, September 13th, 1741. in the High-Church-Yard of Glasgow, ... by ... George Whitefield|When I am away from Liturgy for too long, I find I burn for it now, for the steadiness of the calendar, the words" that ring out in repetition, the heavy scented air. When I return each week, I am coming home again. Liturgy is written into my flesh, sinking into my skin and my spirit.
R.A.Delmonico|If time were perfectly symmetric, gravity wouldn't exist.
Mohammad Azharuddin|I personally love to run outdoor fitness trails. I love the meditative value I get when out alone, challenging myself to run faster and higher.
Asa Maria Bradley, Viking Warrior Rising|She swung her legs around his waist and crossed her ankles behind his back. “I like the way your mind works,” she panted before losing herself in the sensation of his hardness rubbing against her core. Lief took the few steps across the room to the bed in record time and flung her down on the covers. He leaned back to tear his clothes off. “My mind hardly works at all when you are near.” She chuckled leaning back on her elbows, enjoying the view of naked flesh being revealed. She rose up on her knees and traced the ridges on his chest and abdomen. As her fingers trailed down toward his proud shaft, he captured her wrists.“Be careful.” He smiled down at her. “I’m loaded and might go off any minute.”She laughed. “You’ve been watching too many old Western movies with Harold.
Evangeline Ravencraft, Fallen|I happen to be partial to humans - most, anyway. Clowns, not so much. Those evil bastards never stop smiling.
Mark Lawrence, Red Sister|There is, in the act of destruction, a beauty which we try to deny, and a joy which we cannot. Children build to knock down, and though we may grow around it, that need runs in is, deeper than our blood.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|Lot of our life wasted by finding the reality, although we live in unstable nature and with a lot of illogical laws.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|He paused leaning over to lay his lips on hers, “It’s time to feel again. Let me save you from yourself. You were drowning when I found you, but I’m not letting you go, not without a fight.” He kissed her sweetly and moved back standing up and over her. Lena looked up at his out stretched hand.“Take my hand Lena.” He offered and she knew he meant it in a way that went far beyond offering to help her stand.
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|You will all be assailed, my dear friends, by the very real temptation to believe that you have been forsaken by God – that your priesthood is in vain, and that the weight of mortal grief and sin is more than you can bear. In the midst of your anguish you will ask of Him a sign, some visible ray of His unchanging light in a world of hideous darkness. I am sorry to say that this visible sign will rarely be given. The burning bush of Moses, the jewel-encrusted dove of Theresa, the Tolle lege of Augustine – these are no longer the style, as in the simpler days of saint and prophet. The light will be interior; you must look for it within
Travis Neighbor Ward, Come Find Me|The dead can't hurt you, they're dead. Living things can hurt you, living people can hurt you but the dead can't.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Everybody's out of work or scared of losing their job. The dollar buys a nickel's worth, banks are going bust, shopkeepers keep a gun under the counter. Punks are running wild in the street and there's nobody anywhere who seems to know what to do, and there's no end to it. We know the air is unfit to breathe and our food is unfit to eat, and we sit watching our TV's while some local newscaster tells us that today we had fifteen homicides and sixty-three violent crimes, as if that's the way it's supposed to be. We know things are bad - worse than bad. They're crazy. It's like everything everywhere is going crazy, so we don't go out anymore. We sit in the house, and slowly the world we are living in is getting smaller, and all we say is, 'Please, at least leave us alone in our living rooms. Let me have my toaster and my TV and my steel-belted radials and I won't say anything. Just leave us alone.' Well, I'm not gonna leave you alone. I want you to get mad! I don't want you to protest. I don't want you to riot - I don't want you to write to your congressman because I wouldn't know what to tell you to write. I don't know what to do about the depression and the inflation and the Russians and the crime in the street. All I know is that first you've got to get mad. You've got to say, 'I'm a HUMAN BEING, God damn it! My life has VALUE!' So I want you to get up now. I want all of you to get up out of your chairs. I want you to get up right now and go to the window. Open it, and stick your head out, and yell, 'I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!' I want you to get up right now, sit up, go to your windows, open them and stick your head out and yell - 'I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Things have got to change. But first, you've gotta get mad!... You've got to say, 'I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!' Then we'll figure out what to do about the depression and the inflation and the oil crisis. But first get up out of your chairs, open the window, stick your head out, and yell, and say it: "I'M AS MAD AS HELL, AND I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE THIS ANYMORE!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Art is the medium through which you express the inexpressible, convey the unconveyable, transporting the audience in different realms of existence erasing their mental identities. Any effort by the artist to make an personal identity is detrimental in an artistic sense. Be Wiser, leave no residue, dissolve in ART!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you are noticing your desires are not coming to fruition, it is time to dive into the unconscious world to discover what other belief may be stronger.
Ian Frazier|Every once in a while, people need to be in the presence of things that are really far away.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|imagine there's no heaven..." he said. "Apparently someone is taking that personally.
James Patterson, The Fire|Because now, the magic is everywhere.
Joseph de Maistre|Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|Only when we love one another do we exist. We only truly know one another when we love one another because we share with them our true selves. In who's mind do you exist when nobody knows the true you? Love is the only thing that can bring 'you' into existence... start by loving 'that person' and you will not fear bringing them into existence for others to discover and love, rather you will fear having them never been seen or met by anyone as if they never even existed.
Theodore White|Well, first of all, we did lots of studies where we show practical intelligence doesn't correlate with G. We have probably two dozen studies that practical intelligence better predicts job success than IQ.
Jayne Higgins, Exactly 23 Days|You see that girl, she looks so happy right? But inside she's dying. She's hurt and tired. Tired of all the drama, tired of not being good enough, tired of life. But she doesn't want to look dramatic, weak or attention seeking so she keeps it all inside. Act's like everything's perfect but she cries at night, boy does she cry at night, so that everybody thinks she is the happiest person they know, that she has no problems and her life is perfect. Little do they know.
Sara Jane Stone, To Tempt a SEAL|Chocolate is a kitchen witch’s secret weapon. It makes friends easily, soothes troubled spirits, and is conducive to romance. When nothing else works, go with chocolate.—Sadie Trevalyn’s Book of Kitchen Witchery
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|I laugh, and it sounds like I've been sucking helium.
Chris Mentillo|Having money is about handling it the correct way. In my lifetime, I've both lost and made millions.
Duane Elmer, Cross-Cultural Servanthood: Serving the World in Christlike Humility|Power is to be used in the service of others and only secondarily, if at all, for the benefit of oneself.
Iain Banks, The Player of Games|I'd cycled through the stages of rejection - denial, anger, homicidal mania, hating Matt's stupid face, and acceptance
Hunter Hayes|The readers are the ones who let us live our dreams. I try to write books which are really compelling - that you'd take on vacation and rather than going out, you'd read in your hotel room because you had to find out what happened. Hopefully that's what readers are responding to.
King Tuff|I was looking for the meaning of life when I was in college. And my deal with my dad was as long as I was taking a full course load, then he would pay. And the times that I wasn't taking a full course load, then I was off the dole and I was working.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|The note of the perfect personality is not rebellion, but peace.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|A threat leads to nothing if it is not accepted. In fighting the good fight, you should never forget that. Just as you should never forget that both attacking and fleeing are part of the fight. What isn't a part of the fight is becoming paralyzed by fear.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I have always been jealous of artists. The smell of the studio, the names of the various tools, the look of a half-finished canvas all shout of creation. What do writers have in comparison? Only the flat paper, the clacketing of the typewriter or the scrape of a pen across a yellow page. And then, when the finished piece is presented, there is a small wonder on one hand, a manuscript smudged with erasures or crossed out lines on the other. The impact of the painting is immediate, the manuscript must unfold slowly through time.
Osunsakin Adewale|Minority of people are destined for success while majority succeed because they are determined for success. Where upon, work hard in silence and let success make the noise .
Liz Murray, Breaking Night: A Memoir of Forgiveness, Survival, and My Journey from Homeless to Harvard|We would be in each other's lives again. No, he hadn't been the best father, but he was my father, and we loved each other. We needed each other. Though he'd disappointed me countless times through the years, life had already proven too short for me to hold on to that. So I let go of my hurt. I let go years of frustration between us. Most of all, I let go of any desire to change my father and I accepted him for who he was. I took all of my anguish and released it like a fistful of helium balloons to the sky, and I chose to forgive him.
Jonathan-David Jackson, The Quest for Juice|In the end, the cats were rounded up and put into a room. My father went into the room with his First World War revolver, more reliable, he said, than a shotgun. The gun sounded again, again, again, again. The cats that were still uncaught had sensed their fate and were raging and screaming all over the bush, with people after them. My father came out of the room at one point, very white, with tight angry lips and wet eyes. He was sick. Then he swore a good deal, then he went back into the room and the shooting continued. At last he came out. The servants went in and carried off the corpses to the disused well. Some of the cats had escaped – three never came back at all to the murderous household, so they must have gone wild and taken their chances. When my mother returned from her trip, and the neighbour who had brought her had gone, she walked quiet and uncommenting through the house where there was now one cat, her old favourite, asleep on her bed. My mother had not asked for this cat to be spared, because it was old, and not very well. But she was looking for it; and she sat a long time stroking and talking to it. Then she came out to the verandah. There sat my father and there I sat, murderers, and feeling it. She sat down. He was rolling a cigarette. His hands were still shaking. He looked up at her and said: ‘That must never happen again.’ And I suppose it never did.
Beverly Lewis|Although the Nasser revolution of 1952 was secular, the culture remained deeply religious - but it was a faith of moderation and tolerance. Women made up nearly half my class at university, and my senior academic adviser there was a woman. In Alexandria, my friends were Christians and Muslims.
Raja Rayshouny|Your enemy will always plan to destroy you in any way possible thus take care of your friends, he may use them.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The silence was suddenly too charged, his face too beautiful in the light.
Zac Efron|Personally, I was never the cool kid. I was always sort of a bookworm.
Dalai Lama|America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
Margaret Atwood, The Edible Woman|I always thought eating was a ridiculous activity anyway. I'd get out of it myself if I could, though you've got to do it to stay alive, they tell me.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.
Zbigniew Brzezinski|The most significant barrier to female leadership is the actual lack of females in leadership. The best advice I can give to women is to go out and start something, ideally their own businesses. If you can't see a path for leadership within your own company, go blaze a trail of your own.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Another method of handling a perceived negative energy is to temporarily remove yourself emotionally and physically, from the situation.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|The first verse that comes to mind that refutes all of Calvin’s points is “Whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved.” Whoever means whoever. Not just some, not just the elect; that means that anyone who wants to come to God and repent may do so. There is not a certain group that is predestined for hell and they can't do anything about it. How then would God be just? Knowing God’s nature, and that he IS love, I simply cannot believe that and believe it to be a completely false teaching.
Kelly Cherry, The Exiled Heart: A Meditative Autobiography|And the only sign of life is the ticking of the pen, introducing characters to memory like old friends.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without being an independent individual, without having an independent mind, you become nothing more than a trivial slave or an obscure shadow!
Bruno Bettelheim, Empty Fortress|Your manifesting results comprise a chain with a zillion tiny links—moments, experiences, conversations, physical objects, and coinciding events—all leading up to what you'd consider "the finished product" or the goal achieved. Be open to recognizing and appreciating every link. Normally the mind glosses, or even steamrollers, over them, discounting them as stupid, unimportant, too-little-too-late, irrelevant or uninteresting.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, may the Force be with you. Whether you fortify yourself with a positive mental attitude, affirmations, faith in God, prayer, and meditation, or an innate sense of personal destiny, you have the power to summon your courage and be brave. “Make it so, Number One!
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|By their very nature, human beings are so capricious, so complex, so delightfully contradictory, that they deserve not only our consideration, but our reconsideration--and our unwavering determination to withhold our opinion until we have engaged with them in every possible setting at every possible hour.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you use your mind to its highest potential,people will respect you.When you use your heart to its highest potential,people will praise you.When you use your soul to its highest potential,people will honor you.When you use your life to its highest potential,people will immortalize you.
Daniel H. Wilson, Robogenesis|The universe whispers, “I love you.
Pamela Palmer Mutino, Swish: Maria in the Mourning|Ignore the misery. Custom invites you to ignore the misery."SHOW YOUR TONGUE
Laird Hunt, Kind One|Comes a day when everything you thought you had put behind you sets up its tent in the middle of what you were still hoping you could call tomorrow and yells out, ‘Right this way.’Well, here I come.
Wes Craven|There something to be said for having even unrealistic dreams. Even if the dreams don't come true - that, to me, is what's beautiful about Los Angeles. It's full of these people who have moved there to chase these dreams.
Tiffany McDaniel, The Summer that Melted Everything|YOU WERE MY FAVORITE THING AND IN IMAGINATION YOUR DEATH WILL NOT EXIST IT IS ALL 'AS IF' FROM NOW ONAS IF YOU ARE NOT GONEYOU WILL BE THE GIRL BESIDE MENEVER MORE THAN A HEARTBEAT LENGTH AWAYTHE WOMAN WHO WILL BE THE HILL OF MY BED A CLIMB TO THE TOPAND SUCH VIEWS TO MAKE LITTLE THINGS OFLITTLE US THAT WILL BE PART YOU AND PART MEAND WHOLE IN THOSE TWO THINGSAS IF YOU ARE NOT GONE AND WILL BE WITH ME TO GET THE WRINKLES THE WHITE HAIRTHE SPINE SHAPED LIKE A ROCKING CHAIRAS IF YOU ARE NOT GONE AND SO WILL HAVE THE LOVE OF GOING IN MY ARMSWARM AND WITH MEYES, YOU ARE MY FAVORITE THINGYOU ALWAYS WILL BE.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The most powerful affirmation doesn’t come from the conscious mind but from your Soul, an affirmation in which you are not trying to convince yourself of something you don’t believe, but rather you are becoming aware of the truth and the reality of what you truly are.
Franz Liszt|Brahms' Variations are better than mine, but mine were written before his.
Rousas John Rushdoony|The State is like a great and noble steed who is tardy in his motions owing to his very size, and requires to be stirred into life. I am that gadfly which God has given the State and all day long and in all places am always fastening upon you, arousing and persuading and reproaching you. You will not easily find another like me.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Marry me. Nay, marriage will cost us precious moments together. Let us make sweet, passionate love right here. Let me bear your children.”A primal growl signaled Miss Lynn getting over her shock at being thus addressed. She lunged forward; Jack deftly rolled off the bench, jumping up out of her reach.“Goodness, I didn’t expect you to be quite this enthusiastic about my advances. If I don’t play hard to get, how will I ever know whether or not you respect me?
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls|People would say bad things about you, because it is the only way their insignificant self can feel better than you.
Rahul Karn, Zensational Stories: Volume 1|Only in thoughtful dialogue with what it says can this fragment of thinking be translated. However, thinking is poetizing, and indeed more than one kind of poetizing, more than poetry and song.
Lionel Suggs|Tall, elegant, vital, scornful. A man like that could rock a woman to her very core.
Kim Vogel Sawyer|And why have you burnt our Gods, when others are brought from other Regions by the Spaniards? Are the Gods of other Provinces more sacred than ours?
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Writing Tip:Don't let the "writing rules" bog you down when you're writing the first draft; they don't matter when you're writing the story, only when you're editing the story.﻿
Louis Tomlinson|Man, if I get a chance to speak on the microphone, I've got to say something somewhere in there. You know, I'm going to laugh and have fun, too, but something has to be said that has some substance, because this is a platform, and the power that we have with words and with this microphone is phenomenal.
Patrick Henry|Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.
Evy Michaels|I forgive youAll I had to offer you was sadnessMy eyes shed sadnessMy face speaks sadnessMy lips smile sadnessMy voice spews sadnessMy touch spreads sadnessI forgive you for leaving, for I have become an infectious incurable virus threatening to destroy everything you are notSuch a happy delicate thing she is, isn't she?She has no idea, does she?How long before you turn her into sadness...
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Trusting women means also trusting them to find their way. This isn’t to say, of course, that I think women’s sexual choices are intrinsically 'empowered' or 'feminist.' I just believe that in a world that values women so little, and so specifically for their sexuality, we should be giving them the benefit of the doubt. Because in this kind of hostile culture, trusting womenis a radical act.
Ashok Ferrey, The Good Little Ceylonese Girl|They had lived down the road from each other as children. Everyday they walked home from school hand in hand; they were childhood sweethearts, they were bestfriends. And when they came of age, in the time-honoured Sri Lankan tradition they were given in marriage. To other people.
John Geddes|The highest paid Americans read an average of two to three hours per day. The lowest paid Americans don't read at all......58% of adults never read another book after they leave high school—including 42% of university graduates......43.6% of American adults read below the 7th grade level... they are functionally illiterate... fully 50% of high school graduates cannot read their graduation diplomas, nor fill out an application form for a job at McDonald’s...
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Work freely and rollickingly as though you were talking to a friend who loves you. Mentally (at least three or four times a day) thumb your nose at all know-it-alls, jeerers, critics, doubters.
Heema Shirvaikar, Uff Ye Emotions 2|It is my assertion, however, that the project of remaking humanity and defining identity has been at the core of this century, and that much of this project was characterized by a tremendous destructive urge followed by a long and as yet uncompleted process of coming to terms with the disasters it has produced and is still producing in many parts of the world.
Élisabeth Badinter, The Conflict: How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women|Before I had kids, I was one of those people who insisted my future children wouldn’t need the crutches of ketchup, butter and ranch dressing to eat their food. Then I had kids. Then I became one of those people whose children ate nothing. Then I became one of those people who gave their kids ketchup, butter and ranch dressing with their food. And they ate it.
S.T. Joshi, The Cold Embrace: Weird Stories by Women|[Marriage] promote[s] the moral order of the world - Edith Wharton "The Eyes
Marvin Gaye|Hate was such a waste of human resources. So little was accomplished with hate, so much more with love.
Idries Shah|But if you love and must needs have desires, let these be your desires:To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.To know the pain of too much tenderness.TO be wounded by your own understanding of love;And to bleed willingly and joyfully.To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving.TO rest at the noon hour and meditate on love's ecstacy;To return home at eventide with gratitude;And then to sleep with a prayer for the beloved in your heart and a song of praise upon your lips.
Raymond Radiguet, The Devil in the Flesh|Is the selfishness of children really so different from our own? During the summer in the country we curse the rain, while the farmers are crying out for it.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Kaladin screamed, reaching the end of the bridge. Finding a tiny surge of strength somewhere, he raised his spear and threw himself off the end of the wooden platform, launching into the air above the cavernous void.	Bridgemen cried out in dismay. Syl zipped about him with worry. Parshendi looked up with amazement as a lone bridgeman sailed through the air toward them.	His drained, worn-out body barely had any strength left. In that moment of crystallized time, he looked down on his enemies. Parshendi with their marbled red and black skin. Soldiers raising finely crafted weapons, as if to cut him from the sky. Strangers, oddities in carapace breastplates and skullcaps. Many of them wearing beards.	Beards woven with glowing gemstones.	Kaladin breathed in.	Like the power of salvation itself—like rays of sunlight from the eyes of the Almighty—Stormlight exploded from those gemstones. It streamed through the air, pulled in visible streams, like glowing columns of luminescent smoke. Twisting and turning and spiraling like tiny funnel clouds until they slammed into him.	And the storm came to life again.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|I wanted to write an adventure story, not, it's true, I really did. I shall have failed, that's all. Adventures bore me. I have no idea how to talk about countries, how to make people wish they had been there. I am not a good travelling salesman. Countries? Where are they , whatever became of them.When I was twelve I dreamed of Hongkong. That tedious, commonplace little provincial town! Shops sprouting from every nook and cranny! The Chinese junks pictured on the lids of chocolate boxes used to fascinate me. Junks: sort of chopped-off barges, where the housewives do all their cooking and washing on deck. They even have television. As for the Niagara Falls: water, nothing but water! A dam is more interesting; at least one can occasionally see a big crack at its base, and hope for some excitement.When one travels, one sees nothing but hotels. Squalid rooms, with iron bedsteads, and a picture of some kind hanging on the wall from a rusty nail, a coloured print of London Bridge or the Eiffel Tower.One also sees trains, lots of trains, and airports that look like restaurants, and restaurants that look like morgues. All the ports in the world are hemmed in by oil slicks and shabby customs buildings. In the streets of the towns, people keep to the sidewalks, cars stop at red lights. If only one occasionally arrived in a country where women are the colour of steel and men wear owls on their heads. But no, they are sensible, they all have black ties, partings to one side, brassières and stiletto heels. In all the restaurants, when one has finished eating one calls over the individual who has been prowling among the tables, and pays him with a promissory note. There are cigarettes everywhere! There are airplanes and automobiles everywhere.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|There had come to him one of those moments of quiet despair that lie in wait for even the happiest. Stealthy-footed they leap upon us, as we walk along the street, as we sit at evening with fruit and wine upon the table and laughter on our lips, as we wake suddenly from sleep in the hour before dawn; neither at our work nor our play nor our prayers are we safe, those moments can leap at any time out of the blackness around human life and suddenly the colors that we have nailed to our mast are there no longer and all that we have grasped is dust.
Mariel Hemingway|By the time we've made it, we've had it.
Auliq-Ice|It is better to believe in nothing but success, than to believe in other things without success.
Jonathan Dee|Torture is such a slippery slope; as soon as you allow a society or any legal system to do that, almost instantly you get a situation where people are being tortured for very trivial reasons.
bheng927|You know, when I first went into the movies Lionel Barrymore played my grandfather. Later he played my father and finally he played my husband. If he had lived I'm sure I would have played his mother. That's the way it is in Hollywood. The men get younger and the women get older.
Joseph Smith Jr.|The exaltation and happiness of any community, goes hand in hand with the knowledge possessed by the people, when applied to laudable ends; whereupon we can exclaim like the wise man; righteousness exalteth a nation; for righteousness embraces knowledge and knowledge is power.
Nargis Fakhri|No matter how bad any situation, cynicism has no positive impact. Watching the news, you might notice that cynicism and victimhood often seem to go hand-in-hand, but not for veterans.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|I have devoted my whole life to Physical Culture. I shall devote the rest too for the same. I have seen the degradation in which we are at present. I have travelled extensively and all that I have remarked here is from experience; and my suggestions are to meet the situation. I know they would, if adapted remedy the evil; for, I have studied carefully the position. If we in all seriousness wish to call ourselves the descendants of the mighty Yoddhas of past, if we wish not to cast a blot on the fair name of India, if we wish that India should have a future vying with its glorious past, if we wish that we should gain an honorable and equal place among the peoples of the world it should be our sacred resolve from now to wake up from the sleep as a lion; we should muster muscle and steel the body. For all greatness lies in Culture and 1 should only be too gratified if my scheme could put the youth of the country on the right track to achieve our most cherished Ideals.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Think about what people are doing on Facebook today. They're keeping up with their friends and family, but they're also building an image and identity for themselves, which in a sense is their brand. They're connecting with the audience that they want to connect to. It's almost a disadvantage if you're not on it now.
Grace Sara|If you take society’s definition of knowing oneself, you will become lost in the many translations.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|This child-like spirit soon perceives the grandeur of the Father "in heaven," and ascends to devout adoration, "Hallowed be Thy name." The child lisping, "Abba, Father," grows into the cherub crying, "Holy, Holy, Holy.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|There are those who do not hold that there is any innate goodness to mankind. To them I say, had you lived my life, you would not believe it. I have known the depths to which mortals are capable of descending, and I have seen the heights. I have seen how kindness and compassion may grow in the unlikeliest of places, as the mountain flower forces its way through the stern rock.
George Horace Lorimer|It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy.
Karen Marie Moning, Bloodfever|I'm going to kiss you now, and I don't know if I'll ever stop.
Greg Lindahl|I'll bite: Hard science TA's and RA's often repair equipment; it's part of our science. If you want a silver spoon, don't go to grad school. Science is all about dangerous chemicals, semi-safe experimental equipment, and 4am drives down gravel roads in old vans with a nice steep drop on one side. Guardrail? Ho ho ho. Fixing the computers is just the tip of the iceberg. Plus, where else could you get on-the-job experience with a PDP-8?
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself, get lost for others.
Debbie Ford|I like serving family-style or setting up a buffet. Everyone just goes to town, scoops their own food, and mixes their own drinks. You know how people love to come and watch you in the kitchen now and talk your ear off? If you give them something to do and something to drink, they don't do that as much.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The guy had literally been through hell and back. Even when he wasn’t trying, he made the toilets explode. What would Percy be like if he wanted to act scary?
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|There is some evidence that dreaming is necessary. When people or other mammals are deprived of REM sleep (by awakening them as soon as the characteristic REM and EEG dream patterns emerge), the number of initiations of the dream state per night goes up, and, in severe cases, daytime hallucinations-that is, waking dreams-occur.
Daniel Marques|Some people get offended by what I write, by what I do with my life and by what I say to those they never saw. And they also get offended when told they are too stupid to have the right to judge anyone. These poor souls don't know that respect and intelligence are correlated.
Agatha Christie, An Autobiography|What can I say at seventy-five? "Thank God for my good life,and for all the love that has been given to me.
Steve Jobs, I, Steve|I confess that I have lived, so I confess that I have sinned.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|Listening is a tough skill, but one who practice it becomes The Successful Leader!!!
Matt      Chandler|If you look at Isis beheading women and children, if you are like me, you are not thinking, one of these would make a great missionary.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|Fights don't solve matters, they just make things worse. (Diary 19)
China Miéville, The City & the City|Books are always obviously having conversations with other books, and some times they're amiable and sometimes not.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|I mean it. Aside from the old coastal cities, which in Australia are still very young themselves, what you have is a vast stretch of wilderness, wholly natural, with all the horror that nature brings to the table when she dines.""You make it sound like we'll barely survive," Clare said."Oh, I'm sure we will, at least the journey to Port Darwin. From there we won't have to struggle with anything more lethal than a train carriage, I hope. My point is that this is a young country in an old land. And those who don't walk with respect in the wilderness do have a tendency to get eaten.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|A good place to begin, is to forgive yourself for judging in the first place.
Raymond Dean White, Impact|For the briefest of instants, a miles-wide hole appeared from the middle of the Earth to the top of the sky. The Moho rang like a tuning fork in harmonic response to the billion megaton impact. Seismic waves propagated in all directions, some dampening as normal, others amplified harmonically as Earth’s interior quivered like a bowl of pudding. Seismometers spiked wildly, their needles bouncing back and forth like pin-balls.A billion megatons exploded outward from the depths of the quivering Moho blasting a crater eighty-five miles in diameter and spewing billions of tons of superheated rock twelve hundred miles into space. In the blink of an eye the Earth grew a tail, as a mushroom cloud visible from Mars formed and spread, black as the Devil's eye.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you believe you can, you might. If you know you can, you will.
C. JoyBell C.|You're a strong woman, Annabelle. Stronger than I would have believed.""No, it's my love for you that is strong.
William James|Think of a "discovery" as an act that moves the arrival of information from a later point in time to an earlier time. The discovery's value does not equal the value of the information discovered but rather the value of having the information available earlier than it otherwise would have been. A scientist or a mathematician may show great skill by being the first to find a solution that has eluded many others; yet if the problem would soon have been solved anyway, then the work probably has not much benefited the world [unless having a solution even slightly sooner is immensely valuable or enables further important and urgent work].
Peadar Ó Guilín, The Volunteer|At least half of his hunters writhed on the ground with grubs already inside them, causing horrendous agony. These had to be helped away by terrified Ship People whose courage lay trembling in their hearts as lightly as leaves.
Thea Marielle Santos|Soul mates don’t finally meet somewhere at a certain place at a certain time, they’re in each other, all along.
Sunday Adelaja|God created us to rule, to lead and use all His riches to establish His order
Lailah Gifty Akita|How can we believe in Christ Jesus, without reading the Holy Bible?
Shannon L. Alder|Although the principle of equality has always been self-evident, it has never been self-executing.
Gary Lutz|Goats' refusal of young blackbrush shoots, furthermore, is outright. They want nothing to do with it. Provenza pointed at his hand, then his arm and body, and said, "Every organ and every cell has receptors similar to what's in your nose and on your tongue." Creatures communicate within their environment the same way they communicate within their own bodies -- through chemical trigger substances that bind to receptors and produce responses. "It's all part of a feedback system," Provenza said, "that tells the body what's good and what isn't."Goats are not stupid after all. They don't bumble through the world eating what they were born to like. They experience need states, satisfaction, and delight along with aversions to strong a mere hint of something can make them turn away in disgust. Flavor is what nutrition feels like to a goat. If goats had a word for delicious, it would have two meanings. The first would be: I like this. The second would be: This is what my body needs. For goats, they are the same thing.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|If you going rape me, rape me already and leave me in whichever ditch you leave woman. Just stop bore me with your r’asscloth mouth
Sugar Ray Leonard|People travel overseas to do things overseas that aren't legal in Ireland all the time. You know, are we going to stop people going to Las Vegas? Are we going to stop people going to Amsterdam? There are things that are illegal in Ireland, and we don't prevent people from travelling overseas to avail of them.
Nicola An|When you get to find love, make sure it's because you get to find yourself
Heather     James, Fire|If ever again we happened to lose our balance, just when sleepwalking through the same dream on the brink of hell’s valley, if ever the magical mare (whom I ride through the night air hollowed out into caverns and caves where wild animals live) in a crazy fit of anger over some word I might have said without the perfect sweetness that works on her like a charm, if ever the magic Mare looks over her shoulder and whinnies: “So! You don’t love me!” and bucks me off, sends me flying to the hyenas, if ever the paper ladder that I climb so easily to go pick stars for Promethea—at the very instant that I reach out my hand and it smells like fresh new moon, so good, it makes you believe in god’s genius—if ever at that very instant my ladder catches fire—because it is so fragile, all it would take is someone’s brushing against it tactlessly and all that would be left is ashes—if ever I had the dreadful luck again to find myself falling screaming down into the cruel guts of separation, and emptying all my being of hope, down to the last milligram of hope, until I am able to melt into the pure blackness of the abyss and be no more than night and a death rattle,I would really rather not be tumbling around without my pencil and paper.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|I will tell you what I will do and what I will not do. I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it calls itself my home, my fatherland, or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defense the only arms I allow myself to use -- silence, exile, and cunning.
James Brown|About tidying up a toy box, you should let your kids experience the selection process by touching all of their toys. It's also important how they throw away their toys. They can earn a stronger sense of valuing things when they throw things away with respect and appreciation.
Day Parker|People don't like to talk about alcohol. They don't like to think about it, except in the most superficial of ways. They don't like to examine the damage it does and I don't blame them. I don't like it either. I know that desire for denial with every bone in my body: clavicle, sternum, femur and phalanx.
Mark Rothko|I would like to say to those who think of my pictures as serene, whether in friendship or mere observation, that I have imprisoned the most utter violence in every inch of their surface.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Save yourselves!" Percy warned. "It is too late for us!" Then he gasped and pointed to the spot where Frank was hiding. "oh no! Frank is turning into a crazy dolphin!" Nothing happened. "I said," Percy repeated, "Frank is turning into a crazy dolphin." Frank stumbled out of nowhere, making a big show of grabbing his throat. "oh no," he said, like he was reading from a teleprompter, "I am turning into a crazy dolphin.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person?
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Even if we act to erase material poverty, there is another greater task; it is to confront the poverty of satisfaction – purpose and dignity – that afflicts us all. Too much and for too long, we seemed to have surrendered personal excellence and community values in the mere accumulation of material things. Our Gross National Product, now, is over $800 billion a year, but that Gross National Product … counts air pollution and cigarette advertising, and ambulances to clear our highways of carnage. It counts special locks for our doors and the jails for the people who break them. It counts...
Steven Magee|The standard business model for corporations is to lie, confuse and deny anything that may threaten their profitability.
Fay Wray|If it gets laughs, it's funny.
Alastair Reynolds, On the Steel Breeze|I entered Princeton University as a graduate student in 1959, when the Department of Mathematics was housed in the old Fine Hall. This legendary facility was marvellous in stimulating interaction among the graduate students and between the graduate students and the faculty. The faculty offered few formal courses, and essentially none of them were at the beginning graduate level. Instead the students were expected to learn the necessary background material by reading books and papers and by organising seminars among themselves. It was a stimulating environment but not an easy one for a student like me, who had come with only a spotty background. Fortunately I had an excellent group of classmates, and in retrospect I think the "Princeton method" of that period was quite effective.
Simon Van Booy|Now you can all have a wish -- the Moomin family first!"Moominmamma hesitated a bit. "Should it be something you can see?" she asked, "or an idea? If you know what I mean, Mr. Hobgoblin?""Oh, yes!" said the Hobgoblin. "Things are easier of course, but it will work with an idea too.""Then I want to wish that Moomintroll will stop missing Snufkin," said Moominmamma."Oh, dear!" said Moomintroll going pink, "I didn't know it was so obvious!"But the Hobgoblin waved his cloak once, and immediately the sadness flew out of Moomintroll's heart. His longing just became an expectancy, and that felt much better.
Heidi Belleau, Straight Shooter|Finally he must have noticed his vice grip on Austin, because he made a disgusted face and threw Austin’s arms down. “I am the Dom here. I am in charge,” he insisted, but then all the anger left his voice. “And being in charge means controlling myself—my own urges—too. Maybe more so than I ever try to control you.” He petted Austin’s hair. Leaned in to press their foreheads together briefly, the way he always did when he was overcome with one of those emotions he refused to tell Austin about.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I slowly lost any dream for myself. No one warned me of this, that the stars in New York can infect the light inside, that they can trap you in their shadow. Dylan was of course a star. He had achieved the thing we all came to New York wanting.
Meg Knight, New Shifter in Town|He watched her walk away with a sway in her hips that tossed her long, milk-chocolate-colored ponytail from side to side.
Thomas Mallon|I have a picture of the Pont Neuf on a wall in my apartment, but i know that Paris is really on the closet shelf, in the box next to the sleeping bag, with the rest of my diaries.
John Yang aka Private83|If we are cultivating fruit in an orchard, we wish that particular fruit to grow in its own way; we give it the soil it needs, the amount of moisture, the amount of care, but we do not treat the apple tree as we would the pear tree or the peach tree as we would the vineyard on the hillside. Each is allowed the freedom of its own kind and the result is the perfection of growth which can be accomplished in no other way. The time must come when the same freedom is allowed the individual; each in his own way must develop according to nature's purpose, the body must be but the channel for the expression of purpose, interest, emotion, labor. Everywhere freedom must be the sign of reason.
Eminem|Being funny is one of my greatest strengths. I can make girls smile when they're down, and when they're having a good time, I can carry on the joke.
Sammy Sosa|Now that I have a 16-month-old son, my weekend ritual has changed - but it's better than ever. We get up early and go for a walk on one of the hiking trails near my home in Los Angeles, then meet up with friends at a diner. There's nothing better than sipping coffee, eating scrambled eggs, and taking three hours to do it.
Deyth Banger|The sane man knows that he has a touch of the beast, a touch of the devil, a touch of the saint, a touch of the citizen. Nay, the really sane man knows that he has a touch of the madman. But the materialist's world is quite simple and solid, just as the madman is quite sure he is sane.
Juliet Marillier, Tower of Thorns|Sometimes you know that you are destined to die, but somehow you are given a parenthesis after the punctuation mark: more years, more time that wasn’t meant for you but still was meant for you, a bridge stretching out into the stars, a confidence built of invisible threads, a miracle.
Justin Bieber|Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)One time. When I met ya girl my heart when knock (knock knock) Now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop (stop stop) Even love is a struggle and it's all we got. So we gun keep keep climbing to the mountain top. 'Cause your world, is my world, and my breath is your breath, and my heart is yours...
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|...real childhood scars heal, but not when band-aids replace self-reflection.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Take care of your soul; it will never lose its tournament if Jesus is the coach of your life. He will substitute your sins for righteousness and you will not be tempted to suffer a penalty for defeat! You are a winner, not a loser!
Sarah Addison Allen, The Girl Who Chased the Moon|A hummingbird cake, she decided as she turned on the kitchen light. It was made with bananas and pineapples and pecans and had a cream cheese frosting.She would make it light enough to float away.She reached over to open the window. To float to her daughter.
Patricia Briggs, Night Broken|We walk on the ground and give sparse recognition to the mud that will be the eternal homes for the bodies that we praise so much. Ground might not worth much but it holds billions of history and some of humanity's greatest treasures, One day it will become our permanent home. Maybe we should begin a mud religion and give reverence to the dirt, in the end, it is the dirt, ground and Mother Earth that wins and reigns supreme throughout the centuries.
Paula Poundstone, The Totally Unscientific Study of the Search for Human Happiness|People need each other. Our well-being is tightly tethered to the well-being of people we do not know, most of whom look nothing like ourselves. Happiness, I realized right there in breathing class, requires engagement.
Alex Berenson|The important source of finance is now commercial papers, bonds, and so on.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|I hope every night is stunning where you are. In my words, you are a legend.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Times of terror and the deepest misery may arrive, but if there is to be any happiness in this misery it can only be a spiritual happiness, related to the past in the rescue of the culture of early ages and to the future in a serene and indefatigable championship of the spirit in a time which would otherwise completely swallow up the material.
Khalil Gibran|I don't fear death so much as I fear its prologues: loneliness, decrepitude, pain, debilitation, depression, senility. After a few years of those, I imagine death presents like a holiday at the beach.
Eleanor Arnason, Ring of Swords|These people live in many lands, speak different languages, practice different religions, may even hate one another- yet none of these differences prevented them from cooperating to produce a pencil. How did it happen? Adam Smith gave us the answer two hundred years ago.
Luke  Taylor|I cannot find any patience for those people who believe that you start writing when you sit down at your desk and pick up your pen and finish writing when you put down your pen again; a writer is always writing, seeing everything through a thin mist of words, fitting swift little descriptions to everything he sees, always noticing. Just as I believe that a painter cannot sit down to his morning coffee without noticing what color it is, so a writer cannot see an odd little gesture without putting a verbal description to it, and ought never to let a moment go by undescribed.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|between you and i, i found just the sky, a sky with a million of stars, but i can see just the moon, not because it's the biggest one but it's the closest and the shiniest between all. so i keep talking to that moon at night, hoping one day will talk with me, before the sun come back or the storm hide all.
Vladimir Lorchenkov, The Good Life Elsewhere|Do whatever you want, as long as you say you want to be a part of Europe. And then you’ll get away with anything. Look, the Albanians do God knows what. They sell weapons and women, they take hostages. And the world forgives then, as long as they’re pro-Europe and pro-NATO. They’ll forgive us, too. That’s the trend in today’s world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you can’t move a mountain by faith, move it by carrying away stone by stone.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|No one is innocent in the tide of history. Everyone has kings and slaves in his past. Everyone has saints and sinners. We are not to blame for the actions of our ancestors. We can only try to be the best we can, no matter what our heritage, to strive for a better future for all.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Love is supposed to be based on trust, and trust on love, it's something rare and beautiful when people can confide in each other without fearing what the other person will think.
Rick Bragg, My Southern Journey: True Stories from the Heart of the South|Until that moment, it hadn't occurred to me that my grades and test scores over the years were anything more than individual humiliations; I hadn't realized that one day all of them would add up and count against me.
Murray Leinster, A Logic Named Joe|Thanks to the internet, you can provoke thoughts of those in mansions, from the uncomfortableness of your shack.
Hofesh Shechter|...our memory is enhanced by the emotion attending the event. The more intense the feelings the more accessible to the memory is the event. Few of us live lives so emotionally charged that we can truly, accurately retrieve all of it. ...Often only our crisis events are preserved with strong emotions. For our own survival we can't forget them, and then we too easily forget the good stuff.
Matsuri Hino, Vampire Knight, Vol. 1|No one can be a replacement for another person. That is why, farewells are always difficult.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Then Peter said to them, "Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins; and you shall recieve the gift of the Holy Spirit." ACTS 2: 38
Craig Venter|I have been recently diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an autoimmune disease which is an ongoing medical condition that affects my energy level and causes fatigue and joint pain.
Pablo Neruda, Toward the Splendid City: Nobel Lecture|Sólo con una ardiente paciencia conquistaremos la espléndida ciudad que dará luz, justicia y dignidad a todos los hombres. Así la poesía no habrá cantado en vano.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|What is the date? What is the time? … Great, that’s what Now is. And every second, your ‘Now’ changes. Because all we have is Now. We are continuously living in the Now. Not yesterday, not tomorrow, but Now. Today. The present. And I need you to live in it. To truly appreciate it. To breathe and feel yourself breathing.
Diana Jaber|Humanity goes to stupidy, this part is hard to be changed it's like paradox. You can't fight with paradox....Oh, you are genius, so genius with this stupidity!
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I didn't give up in the nine months it took to get here, so I'm sure as hell not going to give up now!
Sarah Noffke, Stunned|Let’s get you one, Anna.”“A lover?”Edith rolled her eyes. “No. A fucking houseplant. Yes, a lover.” Edith smirked. “It’ll cheer you up!
Elissa Washuta, My Body Is a Book of Rules|That's it: watch your moods. Don't let people see you fluctuate. Don't let yourself run your mouth. Never ever cry, even alone, because your cat or your kettle might tell. Always smile, but don't laugh loudly. Mania is an extrovert, but if you need to vent, tell your mattress or maybe your therapist, but put nothing in writing and never tell a friend or coworker how you're really feeling. Downplay any problem or joy. Pay attention to any signs that your life is shitty or excellent, because either is an illusion. Be careful around men, especially ones with big arms or opinions. Stop talking.
Idries Shah|Sufism is experience, and hence not to be defined – imprisoned – in perennial, static categories.
Abhijit Naskar|Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you.
Nikki Rowe|She has fought many wars, most internal. The ones that you battle alone, for this, she is remarkable. She is a survivor.
Ludwig van Beethoven|It is my wish that you may have at better and freer life than I have had. Recommend virtue to your children; it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience; this was what upheld me in time of misery.
Gary   Hopkins|Loneliness is a condition of energetic imbalance. As with all human conditions it is an illusion, albeit a very debilitating one if left unchecked. The key to overcoming any imbalance is to open your awareness to it, and then simply observe it. By observing the imbalance, the anguish of the emotional aspect dissipates allowing a new perspective to emerge, which ultimately has a smoothing effect on the imbalance itself. A focused mind over a short period of time can conquer any energetic imbalance… even loneliness
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Magnificent Weight Loss System|You're so good at what you do, keep pushing, success is on the table at all times!
Mark Henwick, Sleight of Hand|(ghost of)ACHILLES: How can I force obedience on this? In other times I've used the fear of death to make a woman bow herself to me. If not the fear of her own death, then fear for someone else, a husband or a child. How can I bend this woman to my will?(ghost of)POLYXENA: I think I will not bend.IPHIGENIA: You see, it's as we've tried to tell you, Great Achilles. Women are no good to you dead.
Laura Esquivel, Like Water for Chocolate|Carefully studying the delicate form of the doll, she was thinking how easy it was to wish for things as a child. Then nothing seemed impossible. Growing up, one realizes how many things one cannot wish for, the things that are forbidden, sinful. Indecent.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. "No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from.""But what if he is your friend?" Achilles had asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. "Or your brother? Should you treat him the same as a stranger?""You ask a question that philosophers argue over," Chiron had said. He is worth more to you, perhaps. But the stranger is someone else's friend and brother. So which life is more important?"We had been silent. We were fourteen, and these things were too hard for us. Now that we are twenty-seven, they still feel too hard.He is half of my soul, as the poets say. He will be dead soon, and his honor is all that will remain. It is his child, his dearest self. Should I reproach him for it? I have saved Briseis. I cannot save them all. I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|True evil is unlikely to receive an invitation from us, so it clothes itself in just enough truth to make itself look appealing and then it looks to unpeel us.
Mitch Albom, The First Phone Call from Heaven|Give me your past, all your pain, all your anger, all your guilt. Release it to me, and I will be a safe harbor for the life you need to leave behind.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|PROVERBS 18, GOD'S GOODY BAG OF FAVOR. God wants us to find the hidden treasures. When a person "finds" anything, it is implied that the object found is already there but "hidden." In this case, it would be hidden by God, so God would have to be the one to help you find a wife. You don't just pick a wife because of the qualities that you like. A lot of people do have the same qualities. What you want is the person that God chose for you to marry. What you will find is that God has hidden them so you could find them. Your very act of obedience in finding the wife that He has hidden for you and that He has shown you so you could get her brings favor from God.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|It is the iron." Grimalkin picked his way over a puddle, then leaped atop a fallen tree, shaking out his paws."This close to the false king's realm, his influence is stronger that ever. It will be worse once you are actually within its borders."Puck snorted."Doesn't seem like it's affecting you much, Cat."That is because I am smarter than you and prepare for these things.""Really? How would you prepare for me tossing you into a lake?
Alyson Foster, God Is an Astronaut|The windowpane was freezing, but I was pressing myself against it anyway, like one of those dazzled little kids at the aquarium, the ones that look like they want to melt through the glass, like they're about to swoon from an overdose of beauty.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible says that God sees two classes of men. He sees the saved and the lost, those who are going to heaven and those who are going to hell.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|I do not subscribe to the abuse "victim" or "survivor" labelling mentality. I have experienced every kind of abuse imaginable and I am and always have been the most happy-go-lucky, positive and life affirming person around. Your labels do not serve you, so don't use them as an excuse to be miserable. You have a beautiful life to live, so accept the beauty and start living.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you do away with God you become your own god, because you recognise no greater power in the universe than yourself.
Bob Woodward|The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.
Siméon Denis Poisson|The probability of an event is the reason we have to believe that it has taken place, or that it will take place.The measure of the probability of an event is the ratio of the number of cases favourable to that event, to the total number of cases favourable or contrary, and all equally possible.
Leslie Cannold, The Book Of Rachael|I close my eyes and melt in its embrace, basking in the sweetest balm of forgiveness: that for which one need not even ask.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pride is associated with failure, not success. We hear a great deal about the inferiority complex, but the superiority complex of pride is seldom spoken of . . .The greatest act of humility . . .was when Jesus Christ stooped to die on the cross of Calvary.
Guy Mankowski, An Honest Deceit|The long and the short of it is that I became convinced that atheism implies amorality; and since I am an atheist, I must therefore embrace amorality. I call the premise of this argument ‘hard atheism’ because it is analogous to a thesis in philosophy known as ‘hard determinism.’ The latter holds that if metaphysical determinism is true, then there is no such thing as free will. Thus, a ‘soft determinist’ believes that, even if your reading of this column right now has followed by causal necessity from the Big Bang fourteen billion years ago, you can still meaningfully be said to have freely chosen to read it. Analogously, a ‘soft atheist’ would hold that one could be an atheist and still believe in morality. And indeed, the whole crop of ‘New Atheists’ are softies of this kind. So was I, until I experienced my shocking epiphany that the religious fundamentalists are correct: without God, there is no morality. But they are incorrect, I still believe, about there being a God. Hence, I believe, there is no morality.
H.P. Lovecraft, At the Mountains of Madness|Right at this moment, I only want silence. I believe that the end of life is silence in the love people have for you. I've actually been running through what people have said about the end. Religion says that the end is one thing, because it serves their purpose. But great thinkers alike haven't always agreed. Shakespeare knew how to say it better than anyone else. Hamlet says 'The rest is silence.' And when you think of the noises of everyday life, you realize how particularly desirable that is. Silence.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|She has to have four arms, four legs, four eyes, two hearts, and double the love. There is nothing “single” about a single mom.
Jill Lepore|History is hereditary only in this way: we, all of us, inherit everything, and then we choose what to cherish, what to disavow, and what do do next, which is why it's worth trying to know where things come from.
Richard Mitchell, Less Than Words Can Say|His jargon conceals, from him, but not from us, the deep, empty hole in his mind. He uses technological language as a substitute for technique.
James Joyce, Dubliners|He watched the scene and thought of life; and (as always happened when he thought of life) he became sad. A gentle melancholy took possession of him. He felt how useless it was to struggle against fortune, this being the burden of wisdom which the ages had bequeathed him.
Norbert Wiener, Cybernetics: or the Control and Communication in the Animal and the Machine|Like physical events with their causal and teleological interpretations, every linguistic event had two possible interpretations: as a transmission of information and as the realization of a plan.
dignity,labor,indicates,types,jobs,respected,equally,,occupation,considered,superior,livelihood,invo|You ask me to make a promise? I am in a cage. No promise I make is trustworthy because I would do anything to be rid of this cage. Promise me that you will not treat me like an animal or a spectacle, and I will see what I can do.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the spirit of nature touches us, our hearts turn into a butterfly!
I. M. Pei|Do you realize that if you fall into a black hole, you will see the entire future of the Universe unfold in front of you in a matter of moments and you will emerge into another space-time created by the singularity of the black hole you just fell into?
Jeffrey R. Anderson|There are many good inventions on earth, some useful, some pleasing: for their sake, the earth is to be loved. And there is such a variety of well-invented things that the earth is like the breasts of a woman: useful as well as pleasing.
Robert E. Lee|I have no regrets, because I've done everything I could to the best of my ability.
Charles M. Blow, Fire Shut Up in My Bones|Even in your twenties you know how old you are. I'm twenty-three, you say, or maybe twenty-seven. But then in your thirties something strange starts to happen. It's a mere hiccup at first, an instant of hesitation. How old are you? Oh, I'm – you start confidently, but then you stop. You were going to say thirty-three, but you're not. You're thirty-five. And then you're bothered, because you wonder if this is the beginning of the end. It is, of course, but it's decades before you admit it.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|People didn’t know everything then. There were things people had never seen before. Places nobody had ever been. You could make up a story and people would believe it...also maybe it seems like it would be okay not to be perfect. Nobody was perfect back then. Just about everyone was defective, and most people had no choice except to stay that way.
Robert Frost|Nor is there wanting in the pressSome spirit to stand simply forth,Heroic in it nakedness,Against the uttermost of earth.The tale of earth's unhonored thingsSounds nobler there than 'neath the sun;And the mind whirls and the heart sings,And a shout greets the daring one.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Pick a mentor. Select and be closer to someone who is there to talk to you, inspire you, and be on you, monitoring your affairs and movements for the best reasons and ensuring that your dreams become fruitful.
Tino Sehgal|I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|God has prepared for Himself one great song of praise throughout eternity, and those who enter the community of God join in this song. It is the song that the “morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy” at the creation of the world. (Job 38:7). It is the victory song of the children of Israel after passing through the Red Sea, the Magnificat of Mary after the annunciation, the song of Paul and Silas in the night of prison, the song of the singers on the sea of glass after their rescue, the “song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb” (Rev. 15:3) It is the song of the heavenly fellowship.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|All the lives I could live, all the people I will never know, never will be, they are everywhere. That is all that the world is.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|He banged on the side of the carriage. "Thomas! We must away at once to the nearest brothel. I seek scandal and low companionship.
Sissy Spacek|Human society has dense borders - economic, religious and cultural - inculcated from an early age. We hate change.
Ida Cook, Safe Passage|A statement about luck is a statement about the mind, not about the world... We find what seems to have been the lucky break or the big mistake, and so we thank our lucky stars that we took the road less traveled or curse the fates that sent that little wavelet that flipped us on our backs. With hindsight, we seem to see that everything preceding the pivotal point was leading up to it, tending toward it, and that everything following it grew from it.To any observer outside the lucky one himself, however, luck is simply chance. Chance is neutral.
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Race et histoire|The essence of a culture of honor is that it does not sanction predatory or instrumental violence, but only retaliation after an insult or other mistreatment.
Chelsie Shakespeare|The ocean pulsed outside our window. The sound of the waves crashing on the rocks below usually calmed me down, but the fear and chaos that were tangled in my mind made that an impossibility.
Thomas Merton|By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet. 
Doug MacLeod, I'm Being Stalked by a Moonshadow|You don’t understand,’ I said. ‘I need to be with her. With every fibre of my being I ache for her. I’m in love.’‘I do understand,’ said Zoran. ‘It was same for me with Mrs Zoran when I first meet her. But the feeling goes away after few hours.
Tahir Shah|Of all the paths a man could strike into, there is, at any given moment, a best path .. A thing which, here and now, it were of all things wisest for him to do .. To find this path, and walk in it, is the one thing needful for him.
Adam P. Knave, Stays Crunchy in Milk|He felt like his own heart might stop beating just from acknowledging the concept. The sadness, the sorrow, and the loss, they were living things, funnily enough.
Bobby Seale|Thanks to Hillary Clinton, Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East, and on the road to nuclear weapons. Hillary Clinton's support for violent regime change in Syria has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen - while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.
J.K. Rowling|How are babies made?" Visibly startled, Jordan turned and opened his mouth, as if he intended to speak, but for some reason no words came out. At first Alexandra was puzzled by his involuntary silence, but then understanding dawned. She shook her head and sighed with sympathy for their mutual plight. " You don't know either, do you?
Juan Pablo Villalobos, Down the Rabbit Hole|In the end I chose the names I still liked after repeating then 100 times. It's a foolproof test. You repeat something 100 times and if you still like it it's because it's good. This doesn't just work for names, it works for anything, food or people.
Nivin Pauly|It is certainly true that writers take a stance at some variance from organized religion. This has not always been true. But since the romantic movement - and I'm referring now exclusively to poetry - the emphasis has been on the individual imagination defined against, rather than in terms of, any orthodoxy.
Mario Livio, The Golden Ratio: The Story of Phi, the World's Most Astonishing Number|When you compromise the word of God without remorse, it is an indication that you were never deeply rooted in Jesus Christ. Peter was remorseful. Luke 22:54-62.
W.H. Auden|I truly believe that if we keep telling the Christmas story, singing the Christmas songs, and living the Christmas spirit, we can bring joy and happiness and peace to this world.
Jon Bing|Did the men steal the papers?" Reynie asked, fearing her response.No, because they are fools," Sophie said bitterly. "They demanded to see the papers, and when I did not answer fast enough -- they were very frightening, you see -- they hurt me so that I was not awake. . . . When I opened my eyes they were still trying to find the papers. They did not understand how we organize the library, you see. They were angry and creating a bad mess. . . . The police were coming and the men decided they must leave. I shouted at them as they left: 'It is a free and public library! All you had to do was ask!
Souad Mekhennet, I Was Told to Come Alone: My Journey Behind the Lines of Jihad|As I'd seen over and again, people who see themselves as victims sometimes don't notice when they become oppressors.
Dada Bhagwan|Who gives you pain? Your anger, pride, illusion and greed. Where is the fault of the nature in all this?
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|The early morning sunshine shot up the ice-covered valley. It glinted off the backs of slumbering mastodon, reflected between the antlers of caribou.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|When a man becomes a writer, I think he takes on a sacred obligation to produce beauty and enlighenment and comfort at top speed
Isamu Fukui, Origins|You have described only too well," replied the Master, "where the difficulty lies...The right shot at the right moment does not come because you do not let go of yourself. You...brace yourself for failure. So long as that is so, you have no choice but to call forth something yourself that ought to happen independently of you, and so long as you call it forth your hand will not open in the right way--like the hand of a child.
Maya Angelou|Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Chuck Palahniuk|If we resist our passions, it is more due to their weakness than our strength.
Action Bronson|Some leaders think time will solve the problem. Their hope is that Assad's regime will ultimately fall from the heavy toll of the horrors it has spawned. From past experience with such regimes, this scenario is unlikely to happen.
Aldous Huxley|Mon Dieu, la vie est par trop moche.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|There's this rushing sound, like white noise.The sound of nothing.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Tolkien, lucky man, had protected a realm of his own invention to which he could flee. Robert Graves, embittered by battle, writes: The child alone a poet is: Spring and Fairyland are his… Wisdom made him old and wary banishing his Lords of Faery
Becky Wade, True to You|You are trustworthy.' She said it again and again, letting the chorus seep into her quavering heart and hungry soul. "I trust you with everything. My whole life. I want your will, Lord. Not mine. Just . . . . ' Her voice broke. 'Just Christ alone. That's what I choose. You're enough.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|It does, Tennyson, because there’s a fine line between confidence and arrogance. There’s a fine line between being assertive and being a bully. And you’re on the wrong side of both lines.
Frank Abagnale|My justification is that most people my age spend a lot of time thinking about what they're going to do for the next five or ten years. The time they spend thinking about their life, I just spend drinking.
Martin Luther King Jr.|I knew that when the great guiding spirit cleaves humanity into two antagonistic halves, I will be with the people.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Life is like riding a ship into the storm. For every wave you take up, you have to drop just as deep.
chimamamanda Ngozie Adichie|The sad truth of the matter is that when it comes to appearance, we start off with men as the standard, the norm.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|The essence of enlightenment … is a big understanding, which gives you a deep and wide perspective to see the world as a whole, and a capacity to accept with compassion all that is. 11/26
Robert O'Brien, Machines|The extraordinary triumph of the cellphone among India’s poor stemmed from its ability to enable a most mundane human need, which is to chat with other people. And when the poor chat, it is not always about curing a child of diarrhea.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|An atheist is someone who is certain that God does not exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence. Because God can be relegated to remote times and places and to uptime causes, we would have to know a great deal more about the Universe than we do now to be sure that no such God exists. To be certain of the existence of God and you be certain of the nonexistence of God seem to me to be the confident extremes in a subject so riddled with doubt and uncertainty as to inspire very little confidence indeed.
Jennifer DeLucy|But there was a special kind of gift that came with embracing the chaos, even if I cursed most of the way. I'm convinced that, when everything is wiped blank, it's life 's way of forcing you to become acquainted with and aware of who you are now, who you can become. What is the fulfillment of your soul?
C.D. Bell, Weregirl|She ran as the first maples started to change color, then the oak.She jumped over roots, she sidestepped brambles, her footfalls echoing off plank bridges traversing streams.She was the first person at practice. The last to go home.She ran for speed. She ran for distance. She stretched carefully first thing in the morning and last thing before bed.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|The emptiness, the way his heels rang on the asphalt,was satisfying, emphasised his aloneness. A man alone, alone late at night with no one to say he should be home in bed.
Kimberly Brubaker Bradley, The War that Saved My Life|It's always been this way, I wanted to tell him. We bear the unbearable. We endure the unendurable. We do what must be done until we ourselves are undone.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|And after a while...I mean, how do you choose? Who gets to live? Part of life is that...well, some people have to die. My powers aren't a prescription you can get filled as needed.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|[When] he's here, he's always reading. He says books stop time. I myself think he's crazy...Don't tell anyone, but when he reads something that he likes he gets real happy, turns on the music, and dances by himself, or with a broom sometimes.
William Shakespeare|Lean in a bit so you can see the beautiful world, but don't lean in too far because you can fall
Rajiv Gandhi|Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what I mean.
Andrew Armacost, The Poor Man's Guide to Suicide|those who believed in the Good Lord, for whom death was just a journey, and it didn't make them sad at all
Maer Wilson, Relics|I only believed in three things: my right fist, my left fist, and my gut.
Samuel R. Young Jr.|Liberty is a constant battle between government; who would limit it, people; who would concede it, and patriots; who would defend it.
Jacob Nordby|Mindfulness describes a "state of becoming" that places the individual beyond judgment and definition.
Julie Buxbaum, Tell Me Three Things|Just so you know, I realize that what happened is not in any way okay, but I think we're going to have to pretend like it is.Because it wasn't okay and never will be. We will power through it; I will continue to power through it-all the stagnant, soul-crushing grief-but it will never be okay that my mom is not here.
Samuel Butler, Erewhon|Life is a ritual of loveLife is a ritual of union, and Life is a dance of the divine
Kat Unda|And it certainly did seem a little provoking ('almost as if it happened on purpose,' she thought) that, though she managed to pick plenty of beautiful rushes as the boat glided by, there was always a more lovely one that she couldn't reach."The prettiest are always further!" she said at last, with a sigh at the obstinacy of the rushes in growing so far off.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Feelings are much like waves, we can't stop them from coming but we can choose which one to surf.
Jennifer Crusie, Strange Bedpersons|That's different," Levi smiled at her warmly. "Ypu don't rock that Little Red Riding Hood vibe. You're scary." Reagan grinned like the Big Bad Wolf.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Good is equal to Order While,Evil is equal to FreedomDoes it make sense to you? It does for me.
Henry V. O'Neil, Dire Steps|Even thought you can't see it, my son, things are changing. Things ALWAYS change, given enough time and pressure. The very thought of that is scary to some, but change is absolutely nothing to be afraid of. It is a simple fact of life.
Marie-Antoine Carême|The Fine Arts are five in number: Painting, Music, Poetry, Sculpture, and Architecture--whereof the principle branch is Confectionery.
Sunday Adelaja|We praise God, not because he needs our praise (for all glory resides in and on him), but in order to see him more clearly, enlarge our soul, and relieve our spirit.
John Paul II, Fides et Ratio: On the Relationship Between Faith and Reason|Faithfulness to God requires your obedience, even when it’s difficult.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|The affairs of the world are no more than so much trickery, and a man who toils for money or honour or whatever else in deference to the wishes of others, rather than because his own desire or needs lead him to do so, will always be a fool.
Ilona Andrews, Clean Sweep|It’s nothing compared to happiness.”I snorted through gritted teeth. “What happiness?”“Exactly.”“Reality interrupts—” Jaw clenching, my nostrils flared as I felt a gush of blood flow.A whisper. “Life.” His blink was slow. “The mother of all bitches.”“And the beauty?”“Its absence is duly noted.”“Only to be found by those later.”Another swipe of my cheeks. “Once they’ve suffered to the point they scream for death.”“Full circle.”His hand found mine in a gentle hold. “Pain needs to be felt.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|If you ever put a student at this school in danger again-''Oh, I thought you Gallagher Girls were immune to danger.'Despite the hundred girls the filled the foyer, no one moved or gasped or tried to defend our honor. We stood silently, waiting for our headmistress to say, 'Oh, we are quite used to being underestimated, Agent Townsend. In fact, we welcome it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Talkatives complain, cry, shout, brag, and are more hysterical about their lives than something else; don’t be a part of that tragedy! Perhaps it's been a while now that you have been complaining, crying and shouting about your "labour pains". It's time to show us your baby!
Tim Westover, Auraria|One by one, the electric lights ringing the lawn were ignited. Each one, as it burst into brilliance, erased a constellation from the evening sky.
Matthew Reilly|Writing a main character is very important to me. Because each time I create one, it feels like another piece of me in a different world.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Mike drank straight from the carton, wiped his mouth, and stared at her. "You've been acting freaky. Are you high? Can I have some if you are?
Danielle Steel, Second Chance|I don't want to have to give up me, in order to be his.
Fran Lebowitz|The monarchy is foremost a business, and it's important to them that the British public continue to finance the excessive luxurious lifestyles of the now quite enormous, wasteful and useless 'royal' family. I find it very sad.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Chin up, Ferdinand," I kept saying to myself, to keep up my courage. "What with being chucked out of everywhere, you're sure to find whatever it is that scares all those bastards so. It must be at the end of the night, and that's why they're so dead set against going to the end of the night.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not living in active consciousness, you will always be lost
Dudley Flood|First day of your teaching you are to stand at your classroom door and let your students know how happy you are to see them. Stand, I say. Any playwright will tell you that when the actor sits down the play sits down. The best move of all is to establish yourself as a presence and to do it outside in the hallway. Outside, I say. That’s your territory and when you’re out there you’ll be seen as a strong teacher, fearless, ready to face the swarm. That’s what a class is, a swarm. And you’re a warrior teacher. It’s something people don’t think about. Your territory is like your aura, it goes with you everywhere, in the hallways, on the stairs and, assuredly, in the classroom.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Shall we dance,friend of my heart?"We shall, little one.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Material wealth do not last forever, but that which probably lasts forever is the wealth of intelligence and creativity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The following are not my words, i have seen it some where . But i wish to share it here for every one ....Two ice cubes jump from fridgeThey laugh each other...Hug and Enjoy each other...Smile to every oneSuddenly they melt each other and remained a little water...Changed in to water ????They asked each other!!!In this water which is Me and You??Finally they found outFrom now there is no Me and YouONLY WE .......
Deyth Banger|To make one mistake, and then fix it. It shows, a sign that you have understood the lesson.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Davout looked up and gazed intently at him. For some seconds they looked at one another, and that look saved Pierre. Apart from conditions of war and law, that look established human relations between the two men. At that moment an immense number of things passed dimly through both their minds, and they realized that they were both children of humanity and were brothers.
James     Baldwin, One Day When I Was Lost|If you see a group of people struggling over generations and you attribute those struggles to bad character, then you do not truly believe we are all created equally.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|At time of peace, we should love one another.At war, we should set our minds as the hunters.
Sunday Adelaja|Your relationship with God will determine your spiritual weight, your authority before Him
Matshona Dhliwayo|The strong overcome their opponents, the mighty crush them, the shrewd outwit them, the cowardly hide from them, but the enlightened transcend them.
Eva Ibbotson, The Morning Gift|Character is just an invention, but it's an invention that serves as both reason and justification for our behaviour. - Broken Verses
Dean Koontz, Dead and Alive|I have this idea that the reason we have dreams is that we're thinking about things that we don't know we're thinking about-and those things, well, they sneak out of us in our dreams. Maybe we're like tires with too much air in them. The air has to leak out. That's what dreams are.
Debasish Mridha|To accomplish your mission, follow your passion.
Jennifer Jason Leigh|It has been the experience of a lifetime to work with Catherine Middleton to create her wedding dress, and I have enjoyed every moment of it. It was such an incredible honor to be asked, and I am so proud of what we and the Alexander McQueen team have created.
Matchbox 20|We know the end is overrated, we'll become the walls we raise. We don't believe enough, but we still care.
Chris Mentillo|But on the question of who you're writing for, don't be eager to please.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Dear God, please take the stains off my heart. If there’s even an ounce of pain I feel that someone caused me in the past, I ask that you wash it away. Give me strength, show me forgiveness is the healthiest option for me, and set me free. I pray you give me peace today and every day, allowing me to totally leave my past behind. In Jesus’s name, I pray, amen.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infamous|I thought at the time that I couldn't be horrified anymore, or wounded. I suppose that's a common conceit, that you've already been so damaged that damage itself, in its totality, makes you safe.
Garrard Conley|At the heart of the pain created by sexual rejection is our habit of interpreting it as a moral judgement, when it might more accurately be categorized as a mere accident.
Robert Graves|In fact, corporate and union moneys go overwhelmingly to incumbents, so limiting that money, as Congress did in the campaign finance law, may be the single most self-denying thing that Congress has ever done.
Sarah Moss, The Tidal Zone|One spring patio is for rodeosniggled with iodine figures, weavedtapestries inside vast Tuileries.But that reminds me, how exactlydo words form brittle histories
Gisele Bundchen|When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|I see walking bombs on the streetHearts not beating, but ticking
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Bit by bit, whatever you see to be petty becomes plenty.
Stephanie Lahart|Many people think less of a man if he cries because it supposedly shows a sign of weakness, but I beg to differ. A man that’s in touch with his feelings is absolutely beautiful! I admire, respect, and appreciate their braveness to be vulnerable. Crying is NOT a weakness. We cannot expect our men to be strong all of the time. That’s SO unfair! They have feelings, too. Don’t ever make a man feel less than just because he cries. Comfort, love, and support him. Show him that you genuinely care.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.
A.D. Posey|Once you are at the point where you can call yourself a writer, there's no turning back.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|The ugliness at the heart of beauty. Is there always ugliness, do you suppose? Even when the object is very, very beautiful?
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|I always say, if you must mount the gallows, give a jest to the crowd, a coin to the hangman, and make the drop with a smile on your lips.
Dada Bhagwan|For seventy years we have been brushing our teeth and yet they have not become clean, so is that thing for real or is it a falsity?
Donna Lynn Hope|There's a sin, a fearful sin, resting on this nation, that will not go unpunished forever. There will be a reckoning yet. . . there's a day coming that will burn as an oven. It may be sooner or it may be later, but it's a coming as sure as the Lord is just.
Josh Lanyon, Old Poison|We can't impose our will on a system. We can listen to what the system tells us, and discover how its properties and our values can work together to bring forth something much better than could ever be produced by our will alone.
H.L. Mencken, Prejudices: First Series|Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
Giorgio Agamben|The physicality of a real relationship - one that encompasses mind, body and soul - ultimately makes it more fulfilling and powerful than any virtual relationship ever could be.
Bryce Courtenay, The Power of One|•	I have experienced the youth of Generation X, Y and currently Z. Teenage boys have changed in many ways over the years. Yet still they are quite similar to the boys I first coached in 1980 at a high school in Ohio.
Will Christopher Baer, Penny Dreadful|...men are much softer than women, more sentimental. They cry at the movies and pretend not to. The male of the species is weak. He doesn’t tolerate pain well.
George Hickenlooper|Catastrophes are often stimulated by the failure to feel the emergence of a domain, and so what cannot be felt in the imagination is experienced as embodied sensation in the catastrophe.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|But I was not a mouse. In the fields where I walked, I was much more interested in the actions of the hawks.
Sunny Deol|My family are observant Muslims, but I've come to the faith through an intellectual conviction, and that's something that they've taught me. It's never been forced upon me. They've given me a very strong identity as an Australian Muslim.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If we disregard the exchange of present goods for future goods, and restrict our considerations for the time being to those cases in which the only exchanges are those between present goods and present money, we shall at once observe a fundamental difference between the effects of an isolated variation in a single commodity-price, emanating solely from the commodity side, and the effects of a variation in the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods in general, emanating from the monetary side.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|People are like mussels. You can put them in a vat of boiling water, and some of them will pop open immediately. Some of them will have to float around in the water for a bit, then they’ll slowly release. Others never open up at all, no matter what sort of hot water they’re in.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|No secrecy, no business.
Frances O'Grady|If you were to ask me when I was 17 if I was mad because I didn't have a deal, I would have probably said, 'Yeah.' Now I'm so glad I got it when I got it. People tell you to be patient and wait. Patience is not a virtue of mine, but I think everything definitely happened the right way for me.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|And when she [her daughter] one day turns on me and calls me a Bitch in front of Hollister, Give me the strength, Lord, to yank her directly into a cab in front of her friends,For I will not have that Shit. I will not have it.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|If there is “better”, then there is a “best”. If there is “half”, then there is a “complete”. Far more than being a “better half”, you can be a “best complete”; like a word/phrase that beautifies and gives meaning to a sentence when it is added.
Steven M. Wise, An American Trilogy: Death, Slavery, and Dominion on the Banks of the Cape Fear River|Some animal rights activists are demanding vegetarianism, even veganism now, or nothing. But since only 4 or 5 percent of Americans claim to be vegetarians, 'nothing' is the far more likely outcome. I ask these activists to weigh the horrors of Bladen County's industrial farms and the Tar Heel slaughterhouse against the consequences of doing nothing to alleviate the hour-to-hour sufferings of its victims. Is not a life lived off the factory farm and a death humanely inflicted superior to the terrible lives we know they lead and the horrible deaths we know they suffer in Bladen County today?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Can't stay long, Mother," he said. "I'm up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves-""Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?" said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. "You should have said something, we had no idea.""Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the other twin. "Once-""Or twice-""A minute-""All summer-""Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Hereafter she is only my sister in name; not because I disown her, but because she has disowned me.
Oscar Wilde, Lord Arthur Savile's Crime|And yet it was not the mystery, but the comedy of suffering that struck him; its absolute uselessness, its grotesque want of meaning. How incoherent everything seemed! How lacking in all harmony! He was amazed at the discord between the shallow optimism of the day, and the real facts of existence. He was still very young.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|There is a code of behavior, she knew, whose seventh article (it may be) says that on occasions of this sort it behooves the woman, whatever her own occupation may be, to go to the help of the young man opposite so that he may expose and relieve the thigh bones, the ribs, of his vanity, of his urgent desire to assert himself; as indeed it is their duty, she reflected, in her old maidenly fairness, to help us, suppose the Tube were to burst into flames. Then, she thought, I should certainly expect Mr. Tansley to get me out. But how would it be, she thought, if neither of us did either of these things? So she sat there smiling.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Einstein's gravitational theory, which is said to be the greatest single achievement of theoretical physics, resulted in beautiful relations connecting gravitational phenomena with the geometry of space; this was an exciting idea.
Sinclair Lewis|As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|The people come from everywhere, from five hundred miles, to find their fortunes. By fortune is an ugly, two-faced goddess. When you have lived with her handiwork for half a generation, you hardly notice anymore. You forget that this is not the way life has to be. You cease to marvel at just how much evil man con conjure by existing.
Sophia Loren|There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Nicole Curtis, Better Than New: How Saving Old Homes Saved Me|Feelings don't try to kill you,even the painful ones. Anxiety is a feeling grown too large. A feeling grown aggressive and dangerous. You're responsible for its consequences, you're responsible for treating it
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Those were all big words, to be sure, but as has been said, September read often, and liked it best when words did not pretend to be simple, but put on their full armor and rode out with colors flying.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Life is full of screwups," he said, chucking another paper at the split-level before taking the corner. "You're supposed to fail sometimes. It's a required part of the human existence.
Lea R. Caguinguin|Because of love, of course. The more you love something, the harder it is to lose.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|And when we finally stood up and turned to face the world, I could feel something climbing through me. I could feel it on its hands and knees inside me, rising up, rising up - and I smiled.I smiled, thinking, The hunger, because I knew it all too well.The hunger.The desire.Then, slowly, as we walked on, I felt the beauty of it, and I could taste it, like words inside my mouth.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 4|Fighting with siblings, especially the little ones, has always, and will always be the same. You fight with your hands tied behind your back. You know that you'll lose. But you still fight back, either you want to annoy them or let them feel the extra satisfaction of beating you after a long fight. No matter which of the two ways you take, it clearly shows that you love them. A lot.
Ira Levin, Rosemary's Baby|Anyone who needs more than one suitcase is a tourist, not a traveler
Therese Doucet|Simply to render oneself able to understand what other Christian thinkers have themselves come to understand and to more or less felicitously communicate requires that one's mind not be a blank slate but already properly formed, disciplined, and exercised.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Let us know our differences! Let us understand our differences! Let us know and understand that we are all different people with different differences! We all have different differences that are not all that different! Understanding is the matter! When we get to know and understand our differences well, we shall least spit on each other just because of our differences!
Toni Sorenson|I was only twelve. But I knew how much I loved her. It was that love that comes before all significance of body and morals. It was that love that was no more bad than wind and sea and sand lying side by side forever. It was made of all the warm long days together at the beach, and the humming quiet days of droning education at the school. All the long Autumn days of the years past when I carried her books home from school.
Max Lucado|How can a person deal with anxiety? You might try what one fellow did. He worried so much that he decided to hire someone to do his worrying for him. He found a man who agreed to be his hired worrier for a salary of $200,000 per year. After the man accepted the job, his first question to his boss was, "Where are you going to get $200,000 per year?" To which the man responded, "That's your worry.
John Dryden, Oedipus: A Tragedy|Really," said Winifred suddenly; "it almost seems like Fate. Only that's so old-fashioned.
Delia Ephron, The Girl with the Mermaid Hair|Do you think you can cause something to happen just from wanting it so much?' she asked. 'I don't get what you mean. Does this have to do with your dad?' asked Frannie. 'Not really. I'm talking about loneliness.' Frannie turned around and considered her answer. For awhile she seemed to be in a wilderness of her own. 'Do you mean that you imagined that Issy was your friend?' 'Yes, so completely that it was real.' 'Oh, that can happen. I believe that totally. Loneliness is powerful.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|A thousand years or more ago,When I was newly sewn,There lived four wizards of renown,Whose name are still well-known:Bold Gryffindor from wild moor,Fair Ravlenclaw from glen,Sweet Hufflepuff from valley broad,Shrewd Slytherin from fen.They share a wish, a hope, a dream,They hatched a daring plan,To educate young sorcerers,Thus Hogwarts school began.Now each of these four foundersFormed their own house, for eachDid value different virtues,In the ones they had to teach.By Gryffindor, the bravest werePrized far beyond the rest;For Ravenclaw, the cleverestWould always be the best;For Hufflepuff, hardworkers wereMost worthy of admission;And power-hungry SlytherinLoved those of great ambition.While still alive they did divideTheir favourates from the throng,Yet how to pick the worthy onesWhen they were dead and gone? 'Twas Gryffindor who found the way,He whipped me off his headThe founders put some brains in meSo I could choose instead!Now slip me snug around your ears,I've never yet been wrong,I'll have alook inside your mind And tell where you belong!
Phil Volatile, My Mind's Abyss|Maybe someday I can find the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, but will lack the strength to lift it anymore. Then, I will think to empty the coin from the pot, but will lack the genius to carry out the said act. Later, I will be approached by someone who will ask me about the story of the pot of gold. I will attempt to explain the story to them in the best way that I can.The person might then ask me, “How much of it was true?” and to them I shall respond with a question.“How much do you have believed of it to be of truth and be not farce?” They will ponder over what has been asked of them. They will solemnly look first to the ground, and then to the sky, seeking the divine answer to disarm, or perhaps the answer to their own question. After much time spent rehearsing the question and answer in their head, they will have finally reached the answer.“Half—half of it I believe were true.” They will say to me with complete confidence, and then that confidence will subside assertively into a question. Feeling flustered and unsure of themselves, with their face representing melting wax, they will again look to me for an answer.“Half of it was true then,” I will reply to them with my assertiveness. Puzzled and dumbfounded, the person will ask me, “How was half of it true then?”I will reply to this person in a sincere attempt to gain their confidence and instill wisdom in them.“I cannot tell you what is right or wrong, only what I think is right or wrong. If you believe that half were true, then half were true. If you believe that all of it lies in truth, then all of it were divinely true. If you find that it is absurd and could not share any truth, then there be no truth in the matter. It is your perception that has brought you to your conclusion, not mine. For clearly, if you are thinking about what be true and what be not true, then I have done my job in giving you something to think about, but I cannot think or decide for you.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|[Donald] Keene observed [in a book entitled The Pleasures of Japanese Literature, 1988] that the Japanese sense of beauty has long sharply differed from its Western counterpart: it has been dominated by a love of irregularity rather than symmetry, the impermanent rather than the eternal and the simple rather than the ornate. The reason owes nothing to climate or genetics, added Keene, but is the result of the actions of writers, painters and theorists, who had actively shaped the sense of beauty of their nation.Contrary to the Romantic belief that we each settle naturally on a fitting idea of beauty, it seems that our visual and emotional faculties in fact need constant external guidance to help them decide what they should take note of and appreciate. 'Culture' is the word we have assigned to the force that assists us in identifying which of our many sensations we should focus on and apportion value to.
Christopher L. Heuertz, Friendship at the Margins: Discovering Mutuality in Service and Mission|The dazzle of illusion, even when we see through it; the ways in which we entangle ourselves, the ways in which we work free-How do we get to change?When all is said and done, it seems a matter of grace.
Clark Zlotchew, Once Upon a Decade: Tales of the Fifties|Currents of cigarette fumes wafted through what passed for air. Attractive young women in bright-hued gowns glided through the streams of smoke, like tropical fish in an aquarium. Detecting the white uniforms and leathery faces, they promptly approached the Navy men. Very pretty, Ed thought, but hungry, a school of piranha. Just what the doctor ordered: fun and games with no complications. Right: no complications." pg. 27.
Kevin Bacon|There is something about a Luger that separates it from all other handguns, and Luger devotees and Luger society members speak of it in romantic terms that must sound plain nuts to those who consider themselves level-headed.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Bush invited his constituency to be blind to the world's real problems, and leftists often do the opposite, gazing so fixedly at those problems that they cannot see beyond them. Thus it is that the world often seems divided between false hope and gratuitous despair. Despair demands less of us, it's more predictable, and in a sad way safer. Authentic hope requires clarity--seeing the troubles in this world--and imagination, seeing what might lie beyond these situations that are perhaps not inevitable and immutable.
Adeo Ressi|We must develop as quickly as possible technologies that make possible a direct connection between brain and computer, so that artificial brains contribute to human intelligence rather than opposing it.
Stephanie Hudson, The Triple Goddess|Anyway, I heard you and your Mother-in-Law kicked ass! Shame his daddy'o wasn't around for the family reunion, although I doubted a battle is the right way to say 'hi,my name's Kiera and I am sexing up your son's man stick.
Robin Sacredfire|People never remember who helped them conquer their dreams. When they truly achieve a lot, they often forget me easily. I’ve noticed the same behavior in both children and adults, and even in family members. And it’s kind of interesting that they forget easily once taking ownership of their newly owned skills. Probably, if they remembered, they wouldn't take them as their own. They would probably not even comprehend them. That's why I believe that, if you wish to change the world, you have to do the opposite, you have to not need it. Because, if you are really good, people will never appreciate you, and you will disappear into a world that merely reflects you better. You will dissolve into the world. The most enlightened individuals are never remembered by history because they have dissolved themselves into the world. There’s no salt in their water, because the salty water has made them vanish from our records. We have neglected them from our history. That’s why a person can't bet egotistical and help others too. One thing has to give in. You either want to be humble and enlighten the world, or you want to be appreciated and reflect the darkness in the world. The most arrogant and admired people have a special kind of ignorance that the ignorant cannot see. The most humble people, have a special kind of wisdom that only the most enlightened or highly diabolical can feel. They make the soldiers of Satan tremble in fear, and the angels of God rejoice in their never-ending uplifting energy. The masses, however, will never know their prophets, not even when they are speaking to one.
Iben Dissing Sandahl, The Danish Way of Parenting: What the Happiest People in the World Know About Raising Confident, Capable Kids|We must remain calm as parents and try not to lose control of ourselves, when we become parents. For how can we expect our kids to control themselves if we can’t do it? That seems unfair.
Imelda Marcos|Beautiful credit! The foundation of modern society. Who shall say that this is not the golden age of mutual trust, of unlimited reliance upon human promises? That is a peculiar condition of society which enables a whole nation to instantly recognize point and meaning in the familiar newspaper anecdote, which puts into the mouth of a distinguished speculator in lands and mines this remark: 'I wasn't worth a cent two years ago, and now I owe two millions of dollars.
Shannon L. Alder|If your paramount concern in life is to make sure everyone likes and approves of you, you’re going to find yourself running in circles for the rest of your life.
Alex Dimitrov, American Boys|I hope each and everyone of you reach for the stars and land among the clouds. You have one life one body take care of it, own it. live it and love it. Live your life to the fullest without being reckless.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|When it comes to Chinese food I have always operated under the policy that the less known about the preparation the better. A wise diner who is invited to visit the kitchen replies by saying, as politely as possible, that he has a pressing engagement elsewhere.
Saki|A club hurts the flesh, but evil words hurt the bone. -Traditional Chinese Proverb
Sai Baba|Though pleas'd to see the dolphins play, I mind my compass and my way.
Andre Gide|Enjoying art is a personal matter. It's made up by contemplation, silence, abstraction.
Christopher Morley, The Haunted Bookshop|The library was still giving trouble: a few books in some of the more obscure corners of the stacks retained some autonomy, dating back to an infamous early experiment with flying books, and lately they’d begun to breed. Shocked undergraduates had stumbled on books in the very act.
Eliza Tabor Stephenson|The snow began to fall again, drifting against the windows, politely begging entrance and then falling withdisappointment to the ground
عبد الكريم بكار|You're perfect. To me you are. You always will be. When you're small you think that about your parents. When you're old, you think that about your kids. You'll see.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt, Uses for Boys|I tried to show him things, but he didn't seem to study what I showed him. Usually, he just put whatever I handed him in his mouth. He would try to eat anything. I fed him Tabasco sauce and he yelled. Having a little brother helped me learn to relate to other people. Being a little brother, Snort learned to watch what he put in his mouth.
Elisabeth Elliot, A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael|We are not asked to SEE," said Amy. "Why need we when we KNOW?" We know--not the answer to the inevitable Why, but the incontestable fact that it is for the best. "It is an irreparable loss, but is it faith at all if it is 'hard to trust' when things are entirely bewildering?
Henry Rollins, The First Five|This little girl's grown up by now," she said.Almost.Not quite.I wish you all a long and happy life.
Rita Mae Brown, Rubyfruit Jungle|Oh well, maybe the only beauty left in cities is in the oil slicks on the road and maybe there isn't any beauty left in the people who live in these places.
Marianne Fredriksson, Hanna's Daughters|Memories vanish when we want to remember, but fix themselves permanently in the mind when we want to forget.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Sex is like a drink, it's bad to start brooding about it too early in the day.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|You are only old once, but you can be immature forever.
George Strait|Life is not breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
T.M. Aluko|The sky was overcast with thick, grey clouds drifting in the direction of Idasa. That meant rain. It would come, as long as the clouds drifted in that direction. Lightening flashes momentarily parted the clouds...Shango, the god of lightening and thunder, was registering his anger as this strange talk of a new God is taking hold of simple folk who were once unquestioning votaries of his order. The new malady must be nipped in the bud.
Jon Meacham, Franklin and Winston: An Intimate Portrait of an Epic Friendship|I am not going to let him win, Guillaume. Not this time. I could not keep him from making my mother pay the price for our failed rebellion. Fifteen years she has been his prisoner, fifteen years! And she is his prisoner, for all that she no longer wants for a queen’s comforts. I have had to submit to his demands and subject myself to his whims and endure the indignity of having him brandish the crown before me as he would tease a dog with a bone. But no more. I will not let him rob me of my birthright, and I will not let him keep me from honoring my vow to defend the Holy Land. I do think he is behind that very opportune rebellion in my duchy, and I would not put it past him to be conniving with the Count of Toulouse, either. And if by chance he did not, it is only because he did not think of it. No, a reckoning is long overdue, and we will have it at Bonsmoulins.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|My heart's broken,' he thought. 'If I feel this way my heart must be broken.
Robert Trivers, Deceit and Self-Deception: Fooling Yourself the Better to Fool Others|The great sage Thales once put the general matter succinctly "Oh master," he was asked, "what is the most difficult thing to do?" "To know thyself", he replied. "And the easiest?" "To give advice to others.
Amit Kalantri|With limited money you can survive, with more money you can live.
Emily Yellin, Our Mothers' War: American Women at Home and at the Front During World War II|In war, love is a luxury. It comes at a high price... This brand of marriage, I guess, takes steady nerves.
Ellen Key|I'm slowly working up the courage to sing in front of other people, but I can carry a tune. I do some mean karaoke.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms: The Play|Would it be possible for me to see something from up there?" asked Milo politely."You could," said Alec, "but only if you try very hard to look at things as an adult does."Milo tried as hard as he could, and, as he did, his feet floated slowly off the ground until he was standing in the air next to Alex Bings. He looked around very quickly and, an instant later, crashed back down to the earth again."Interesting, wasn't it?" asked Alex."Yes, it was," agreed Milo, rubbing his head and dusting himself off, "but I think I'll continue to see things as a child. It's not so far to fall.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Don’t let me get sappy on you, but when you get right down to it, every collection of letters is a magic spell, even if it’s a moronic proclamation by the Emperor. Words have their impact, girl. Mind your manners. I may not know how to fly but I know how to read, and that’s almost the same thing.
Mike Gallagher|I'm bound to fail when I write in Italian, but unlike my sense of failure in the past, this doesn't torment or grieve me.
Wordions|When you are on the spiritual path, and you are looking for the answers outside, there is an ample of reasons, for you to deviate from the path. The path of the ultimate truth is straight way inside
Friedrich St. Florian|Reproach is shame, blame, disgrace, disapproval and a disrespectful attitude toward yourself. When you're under reproach, your behavior shows it.
Péter Zilahy, The Last Window-Giraffe: A Picture Dictionary for the over Fives|«She had Google, and she had Wikipedia. She could look up anything obscure, any words or phrases that she didn’t understand. A romance novel was just a book, while the Internet was the Internet. The Internet would crack these nuts for sure.»
Debasish Mridha|In the end, it doesn't matter how much you earned, but how much you gave away with love.
Sabrina Mahfouz|It's as if our being academic equals means we must be inadequate wives and mothers,' says Noura.All of these girls have been called 'intimidating' and 'outspoken' by their Muslim counterparts, simply for being themselves. Their accomplishments usually leave men feeling emasculated, they say.'It's still going to take Muslim men a couple more generations to catch up and realise girls like us want love, not money,' says Ayesha.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|She wanted to lose herself in him. To tie his arms around her like a tourniquet.If she showed him how much she needed him, he'd run away.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I put complains aside and replace each of them with trials and to my surprise, some things I see as difficult were not so before! I conclude that "Success resides behind the curtains of complains; tear those pieces of complains away and you will see the stage of your dreams clearly"!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fortify your mind, bullet proof your heart, strengthen your soul.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty|Do not get obsolete like an old technology, keep innovating yourself.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|The more elaborate his labyrinths, the further from the Sun his face.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|He very soon acquired the reputation of being the best public speaker of his time. He had taken pains to master the art, approaching it with scientific precision. On the morning of a day on which he was giving a speech, he once told Wilkie Collins, he would take a long walk during which he would establish the various headings to be dealt with. Then, in his mind’s eye, he would arrange them as on a cart wheel, with himself as the hub and each heading a spoke. As he dealt with a subject, the relevant imaginary spoke would drop out. When there were no more spokes, the speech was at an end. Close observers of Dickens noticed that while he was speaking he would make a quick action of the finger at the end of each topic, as if he were knocking the spoke away.
Linus Torvalds|I am a great enthusiast and early adopter of technology, but sometimes I wonder whether the inexorable integration of technology in our lives could diminish some of our quintessential human capacities, such as compassion and cooperation.
Kaiylah Muhammad, The Starving Psyche|The good thing about being numb is that no one can hurt you, but the bad thing about being numb is that no one can love you.
Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown Americans|Can you wait until I'm gone to be her boyfriend? Cause right now, I like to think of you as my boyfriend.
Liz Kessler|All that time I thought she was my future, I was wrong. She wasn't my future at all. She was the door to my future. But I'm through that door now, and ready to close it behind me.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Someday you will die. Because you are embodied through and through, at that point you will cease to exist. You will not meet death, because, as the sage says, "Where death is I am not; where I am death is not, so we never meet." When you die there will no longer be any self that is you. Use your self while you have it.
Philip Yancey, Disappointment with God: Three Questions No One Asks Aloud|You pay by the hour, even if the job only takes five minutes. I don’t do fractions.
Devon Monk, Stone Cold|That was a moment where something clarified about shame for me: it’s not just something negative but some kind of arrow, it’s pointing at something, some confusing blend of fear and desire. There was liberation in that, thinking of shame as something to follow, like a path—rather than simply something to be paralyzed by, or try to dissolve, or become second-level meta-shamed by (i.e. “I shouldn’t even be having this feeling of shame…”)
John Steinbeck, Cup of Gold: A Life of Sir Henry Morgan, Buccaneer, with Occasional Reference to History|You see, I have been at revaluing myself in the last few days. I may have some value to historians because I have destroyed a few things. The builder of your Cathedral is forgotten even now, but I, who burned it, may be remembered for a hundred years or so. And that may mean something or other about mankind.
Erica Silverman, Raisel's Riddle|It's written that learning is more precious than rubies, more lasting than gold. Rubies may be lost and gold stolen, but that which you learn is yours forever.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You'd corner me in your conformity but even in dormancy i'm sleeping with enormity, stretching the belly of the earth & everything i was born to be.
Ken Poirot|The first step forward is to admit your fear, then you can take the next step to conquer it.
Minesh Shakya|And if love is life,live it.for God is love.
Nate Ruess|An intense temperament has convinced me to teach not only from books but from what I have learned from experience. So I try to impress upon young doctors and graduate students that tumultuousness, if coupled to discipline and a cool mind, is not such a bad sort of thing.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|You know what, your imagination works faster than your mind.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|You can edit what you write. Why not edit what you say? If it hurts somebody, you can still offer an apology or withdraw your statements
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Rose doesn’t like the flat country, but I always did – flat country seems to give the sky such a chance.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|In addition to my other numerous acquaintances, I have one more intimate confidant… My depression is the most faithful mistress I have known — no wonder, then, that I return the love.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|When a man plans, a woman laughs.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|My grin was feral, matching my savage best friend’s.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|This is what I find so strange: we are not necessarily kind to animals. We use them, we eat them. But we don’t like them to suffer. Yet humans must. They have to wait for the great Vet himself to decide how long their anguish must last and how deep it must reach. And He has, as far as I can see, a habit of waiting a long, long time before deciding to end their misery.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|I nodded to Sam. "I'll just clean up these boxes and meet you out on the floor." Macy's didn't mess around their shoe department in New York. It spanned two floors, and it was always busy.	"Okay," she relented. "If you're not out in ten minutes, I'm coming back to find you."	"Got it. I was relieved when she finally walked out of the stock room. I wanted to forget this craziness had ever occurred.		Tom bent over to help me as I gathered up the errant shoes. "Dude," he said, "can I touch your arm? I've never touched anyone who's died before.
Bogdan Vaida|Motto for latin countries: If you're not late, you're not on time
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Promise|Any creature, even one as unassuming as a fish, can become something mighty. When they courageously endure their trials, they meet their destiny.
Nelson Algren, A Walk on the Wild Side|alone, condemned, deserted, as those who are about to die are alone, there was a luxury in it, an isolation full of sublimity; a freedom which the attached can never know
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Religion is about hospitality, solidarity, and responsibility or it is nothing at all.
Karen Armstrong, A Short History of Myth|The two smallest boys were cut down first, bodies bounding in different directions as they were shot from opposite sides of the field, like pinballs caught in a tight corner.
Jessica Khoury|To have thought that, with the right tests and the right lectures, I could be made into a cold-blooded, heartless killer. To have thought that I could ignore the beating of my own heart long enough to stop the beating of another's.
Bastian Schweinsteiger|One of the downsides of being famous is that folks pay far more attention to you than they should. American celebrities are constantly under surveillance, and every word they say is subject to scrutiny. So, be careful what you wish for if you desire fame. No human being should be a goldfish.
Rick Wakeman|I'm very lighthearted, outgoing, friendly, and funny, so I like to try new things.
Jimmy Cliff|The bees learn where they live by landmarks. If they're moved within their home range, they get confused.
Ann Brashares, The Here and Now|We follow our scripts like actors in a very large, very long production. And even with no audience, none of us gives a hint that it isn't real.
Janet Yellen|One day I was in Starbucks going through one of my books on accounting, and this beautiful young woman came up to me and said, 'My accounting book is different from yours.' Her name was Joyce, she had a background in finance and administration and ran a surgery center. Within a short time, we were married.
Doris Lessing|I think the combination of graduate education in a field like Computer Science and the opportunity to apply this in a work environment like Microsoft is what drove me. The impact these opportunities create can lead to work that has broad, worldwide impact.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty, even if they're not much to look at, or even if they're sort of stupid, you fall in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are. Girls. Jesus Christ. They can drive you crazy. They really can.
Coreen T. Sol, Practically Investing: Smart Investment Techniques Your Neighbour Doesn't Know|Know what an optimist is, Major? A pessimist without much experience.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|. . . Moon-Watcher felt the first faint twinges of a new and potent emotion. It was a vague and diffuse sense of envy--of dissatisfaction with his life. He had no idea of its cause, still less of its cure; but discontent had come into his soul, and he had taken one small step toward humanity.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Nixon under pressure turned only to reporters from publications already favorable to him; Kennedy, in trouble, turned to those most critical and dubious of him, and if anything tended to take those already for him a bit for granted.
Roy T. Bennett|Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.
shashidhar sa|Ideas take root at the oddest moments. Some grow into novels, the weaker ones wither and die.
Nikki Rowe|Keep your mindset strong, your heart pure, your intentions kind and your dreams big.
Mina Alexia|The respect + love for humanity that's why I travel.We are all special and gifted beings, no matter our religious differences. The message should be peace,love and prosperity. There should be no adversity but solidarity.
Amit Kalantri|Always remember, animals can intimidate men with their strength but men cannot intimidate animals with their intelligence.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|A very narrow income has a tendency to contract the mind, and sour the temper. Those who can barely live, and who live perforce in a very small, and generally very inferior, society, may well be illiberal and cross.
Tim Daly|He who is incapable of feeling strong passions, of being shaken by anger, of living in every sense of the word, will never be a good actor.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Internalising success means that even if a misfortune takes away all the evidence or traces of success, yet what made you successful, remains. Soon enough, the evidence will return.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|First bathrooms, now cars. At least people are wearing their seat belts.
Henry Rollins, The First Five|People always have reason to hate, though they often may not find any reason for love.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|We are what we know and what we are good at. Whenever what we know and what we are good at increase, our position increases and our goals are achieved 
Kurt Cobain, Journals|And I do, god, how I do love playing live, it's the most primal form of energy release you can share with other people besides having sex or taking drugs. So if you see a good live show on drugs and then later that evening have sex, you're basically covered all the bases of energy release, and we all need to let off steam. It's easier and safer than protesting abortion clinics or praising God or wanting to hurt your brother; so go to a show, dance around a bit and copulate.
Francine Prose, Reading Like a Writer: A Guide for People Who Love Books and for Those Who Want to Write Them|I am not my mother. I love her, but I am not her.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When you are good at despising little things, you are likely to throw away the tiny match stick that has the potential of putting the entire forest on fire! Little things do carry heavy potentials!
Tom Hanks|It's not an easy thing to captive-breed a falcon. You need to take extreme care of its diet and exercise and keep it close to its natural environment. Whenever the birds take ill, I only use Ayurveda to cure them.
A.J. Flowers, Fallen to Grace|You may have a guardian angel,but I have a uzzi.You work out who's gunna come out on top!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. But a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that's holding you back, the person who brings you to your own attention so you can change your life. A true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. But to live with a soul mate forever? Nah. Too painful. Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then they leave.
Alper Mazun|Each person's present feelings are determined by a million instant confrontations of previous experineces. A long time period lived under the effects of chemicals, can become ''your true past''. Note that each past was future for it's own past. If you want to leave a stable past to your far distant future, start using the right chemicals in the right way, today.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Life is made up, not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things, in which smiles and kindness, and small obligations given habitually, are what preserve the heart and secure comfort.
Beau Taplin|I cannot stand the words Get over it. All of us are under such pressure to put our problems in the past tense. Slow down. Don’t allow others to hurry your healing. It is a process, one that may take years, occasionally, even a lifetime — and that’s OK.
Clara Diane Thompson, Five Glass Slippers|Light, show yourself pure and strong,Save a man from evil's throng,Take a form, small and white,Give this girl the strength to fight.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|The danger of growing up surrounded by these endless sweet and salty industrial concoctions is not that we are innately incapable of resisting them, but that the more frequently we eat them, especially in childhood, the more they train us to expect all food to taste this way.
Raphael Zernoff|The totally alive, totally conscious, and totally aware Universe takes care of itself completely. It is totally self-reliant and totally self- sufficient. it is perfect.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you really want to buy greatness with time, you must invest the quality amount of time into your purpose and land of calling. The more time you invest into your land of promise, the more productive the land becomes for you.
Harriet Brown, Brave Girl Eating: A Family's Struggle with Anorexia|I’ve never had anorexia, but I know it well. I see it on the street, in the gaunt and sunken face, the boney chest, the spindly arms of an emaciated woman. I’ve come to recognize the flat look of despair, the hopelessness that follows, inevitably, from years of starvation. I think: That could have been [me]. It wasn’t. It’s not.
John Henrik Clarke|South Africa never leaves one indifferent. Its history, its population, its landscapes and cultures - all speak to the visitor, to the student, to the friend of Africa.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|Mad, adj. Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|when words make noise, silence can talk.
Susan C. Young|When a team is in possession of the ball, but cannot advance its agenda any further, they have to ‘drop back and punt.’ Doing this requires that they step back to regroup, reassess, and reorganize their strategy in pursuit of winning the game. When you are faced with change and apply this regrouping process, you are better equipped to make decisions for your next steps. Rather than settling back into old habits and doing what you’ve always done, create something fresh, new, and awesome.
Haim G. Ginott, Between Parent and Child: The Bestselling Classic That Revolutionized Parent-Child Communication|My father liked me, when I wasna being an idiot. And he loved me, too -- enough to beat the daylights out of me when I was being an idiot. Jamie Fraser
Neil deGrasse Tyson|There are thousands of asteroids whose orbit in the Solar System crosses that of Earth. And we have a little acronym for them - NEOs: near Earth objects. And our biggest goal is to try to catalogue them, so we know in advance if one is going to put us at risk.
RVM|Everybody has to die. Why cry, when you have wings to fly!
Taslima Nasrin|All outward forms of religion are almost useless, and are the causes of endless strife. Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.
Kylie Jenner|Think about when a digital business marries up with what I'll call 'digital intelligence.' It is the dawn of a new era about being a 'cognitive' business. When every product, every service, how you run your company can actually have a piece that learns and thinks as part of it, you will be a cognitive business.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to the mind? Our unity is full of wonder which your tiny individualism cannot even conceive.
Ed Koch|My hope is that 10 years from now, after I've been across the street at work for a while, they'll all be glad they gave me that wonderful vote.
Cath Crowley, Words in Deep Blue|words do matter. They’re not pointless. If they were pointless then they couldn’t start revolutions and they wouldn’t change history and they wouldn’t be the things that you think about every night before you go to sleep. If they were just words we wouldn’t listen to songs,
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|My favourite thing is when my mother goes in the other to go and to talk to the phone, I use that moment for wisdom.
B.J. Daniels, Crime Scene At Cardwell Ranch|Hud? Back here? Oh, man, what a birthday present," Hilde said, giving her another hug. "I'm so sorry, sweetie. I can imagine what seeing him again did to you."	"I still want to kill him," Dana whispered.	"Not on your birthday." Hilde frowned.
Abraham Lincoln, Great Speeches / Abraham Lincoln: with Historical Notes by John Grafton|With malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in, to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle and for his widow and his orphan, to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.
Darian Wilk, Reinventing Claire|[Hilary] ...after you left, I didn't understand what had happened. David, I don't hate you and I don't blame you. I don't think you were happy, and I wasn't that happy either. We were just coasting, seeing what would happen, and then you pulled the plug. Right?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|You and I were never meant to be together, but we are. Our pairing is not unlike two electrons ignoring natural laws in order to orbit one another. Life now defies reason—quirky but beautiful.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|What is there in this big wide world for a man to talk about with certainty besides his homeland, home and family?
Vironika Tugaleva|But for half a minute she wished it was a different sort of day, even though she knew that nothing good could come from wanting at the world.
Nancy S. Mure, Eat! Empower. Adjust. Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed on Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|A non-GMO Mom is an avid researcher, a conscientious protector, and the most effective teacher of natural health.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|I see the game now. You can't write with ink, and you can't write with your own heart's blood, but you can write with the heart's blood of some one else. You have to be a cad before you can be an artist. O’Henry 'The Plutonian Fire' (1905)
Justin Young|If you’ve always been poor, does that mean you can’t be rich?If you’ve always been sad, does that mean you can never be happy?If you’ve always been alone, does that mean you’ll never find true love?If you’ve always had bad grades, does that mean you’re not smart?If you’ve failed time and time again, does that mean you’ll never be successful?The answer to these questions…? YES! But only if you see yourself as a poor, sad, lonely, stupid failure.
Amy Shannon, Unwritten Life|Fate. Now that's a loaded word. Like "yoga" or "karma", it's one of those words that slipped out of its native culture and ended up a celebrity with an extreme makeover.
Sunday Adelaja|When a human being is brought up with the concern of simply taking care of his body and the external aspect of his life, he is acting as though he is only biomass
Steve Almond|There has to be something other than keeping busy that gives human life value, because our society so often functions as if ‘productivity’ and/or ‘usefulness’ are the measures of human value, and — particularly for artists — this is deeply problematic. We shouldn’t given in.
Guy Fieri|All Americans should take great pride in the men and women serving our nation in Iraq and in the courage, determination, resilience and initiative they demonstrate each and every day. It remains the greatest of honors to soldier with them.
James Madison|The whole purpose of propaganda is to make the obvious seem obscure, or offensive
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|Just stop, for once, answering my questions with a question. And, incidentally, it's my concern because I care about you.
Shoghi Effendi|If you were determined to get enjoyment out of every moment, you would learn to do whatever it took. What it takes is not listening to negative thoughts, yours or anyone else's. Disregarding negative thoughts isn't hiding our head in the sand, but simply not allowing the negative to clutter and influence over our experience of the present moment. The moment is never improved or helped by negativity, although we are programmed to think our negative thoughts, worries, and fears serve a useful function. When you really examine this idea, however, you see that negativity doesn't serve. Focusing on negativity and fears doesn't make anyone a better person, nor does doing that help us function better in the world. In fact, the truth is quite the opposite.
David Nicholls, One Day|Amal,I believe that most Americans do not love as we do. It is not for any inherent deficiency or superiority in them. They live in the safe, shallow, parts that rarely push human emotions into the depths where we dwell.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|I loved her the moment I laid eyes on her.She blinked - her thoughts at the time were of anotherI could not win her heart20 years and many others who did.I would have been there,any time - anywhere. I was there, though all those gaps all her heartaches - all her pain and still it was never me. Never me, never would be be.20 years holding out - I may have the real thing in the next 20 years - still it will never be her.I am not dead and she is not a ghost.save yourself - you can no longer save me.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I love brief habits and consider them an inestimable means for getting to know many things…My nature is designed entirely for brief habits…I always believe that here is something that will give me lasting satisfaction—brief habits, too, have this faith of passion, this faith in eternity—and that I am to be envied for having found and recognized it…But one day its time is up; the good thing parts from me, not as something that has come to nauseate me but peacefully and sated with me as I am with it—as if we had reason to be grateful to each other as we shook hands to say farewell. Even then something new is waiting at the door, along with my faith—this indestructible fool and sage!—that this new discovery will be just right, and that this will be the last time. That is what happens to me with dishes, ideas, human beings, cities, poems, music, doctrines, ways of arranging the day, and life styles.
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|You are always looking at people like this.” And then she made a face, one he couldn’t possibly begin to describe.“If I ever look like that,” he said dryly, “precisely like that, to be more precise, I give you leave to shoot me.
Chris Penningroth|That which is chiefly the office of a general, to force the enemy into fighting when he finds himself the stronger, and to avoid being driven into it himself when he is the weaker...
Johanna Spyri, Heidi|We must never forget to pray, and to ask God to remember us when He is arranging things, so that we too may feel safe and have no anxiety about what is going to happen.
Achda Dona musthofa|A prepared mind is always made up; it knows what it thinks and why it thinks that. When it's time to change, it just makes itself up a different way. A really made-up mind--made up properly, knowing what it knows and on what basis it knows it--is open. People close an undecided mind because they're trying to protect those sore uncertainties from getting bumped and scraped.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you think it is possible, it will be possible. If you think it is impossible, the imposible will be possible. Whatever you think; whether posible or impossible will forever be possible to happen.
Rick Scott|What makes a loft authentic isn't its layout or its history but its ability to give people a true home - a dwelling that reflects their personalities and aspirations, including their dreams of urbanity.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Dad, will they ever come back?""No. And yes." Dad tucked away his harmonica. "No not them. But yes, other people like them. Not in a carnival. God knows what shape they'll come in next. But sunrise, noon, or at the latest, sunset tomorrow they'll show. They're on the road.""Oh, no," said Will."Oh, yes, said Dad. "We got to watch out the rest of our lives. The fight's just begun."They moved around the carousel slowly."What will they look like? How will we know them?""Why," said Dad, quietly, "maybe they're already here."Both boys looked around swiftly.But there was only the meadow, the machine, and themselves.Will looked at Jim, at his father, and then down at his own body and hands. He glanced up at Dad.Dad nodded, once, gravely, and then nodded at the carousel, and stepped up on it, and touched a brass pole.Will stepped up beside him. Jim stepped up beside Will.Jim stroked a horse's mane. Will patted a horse's shoulders.The great machine softly tilted in the tides of night.Just three times around, ahead, thought Will. Hey.Just four times around, ahead, thought Jim. Boy.Just ten times around, back, thought Charles Halloway. Lord.Each read the thoughts in the other's eyes.How easy, thought Will.Just this once, thought Jim.But then, thought Charles Halloway, once you start, you'd always come back. One more ride and one more ride. And, after awhile, you'd offer rides to friends, and more friends until finally...The thought hit them all in the same quiet moment....finally you wind up owner of the carousel, keeper of the freaks...proprietor for some small part of eternity of the traveling dark carnival shows....Maybe, said their eyes, they're already here.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|The bottom line is that no matter what you’ve experiencedin life, no matter what kind of trauma you’ve been through,no matter what bad decisions you’ve made, if you accept therealities of your situation, you can properly address them witha plan and with action.
Paul Gauguin, The Writings of a Savage|The self-esteem one acquires and a well-earned feeling of one's strength are the only consolation in this world. Income, after all, most brutes have that.
Raymond Luczak|...But the heart is not a computer that can be upgraded so quickly and easily with the latest version of love. Love cannot be sealed hermetically inside a tight box like any other on the store shelf; even though the word itself is in public domain, its quality is not. Love cannot promise a full customer satisfaction garanteed or a whole lifetime of dreams shared refunded, with no questions asked. Love cannot be agreed to in terms and conditions as quickly as the "Next" button being clicked. These unspoken terms and conditions grow and develop over time until it gets very messy, and no one remembers how such a mess of accusation and anger was able to overshadow their pure ecstasy of love, the spark between two people turning on a new operation system of togetherness for the first time. Love is always beta; never a golden master.If love were a computer, constant bug reports and subsequent fixes are the name of the game, and there are many unexplained breakdowns. The heart is too stubborn for explanations and too impatient for forgiveness, and there is usually no one at the tech support line. Forgive me stan, if I've crashed so often. It's just to hard to boot up to a whole new future without you. I am an empty monitor in search of a "hello.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|The educators pride of their profession opens the space to more giving that knows no limitation, and it is a demand that is forced by things nature, and a logic that is required by the profession reality to every organization that wants success and chooses winning by making sure that all of their employees has this effective spirit.
Dada Bhagwan|No matter what kind of circumstances come together, if one’s stillness is not shaken and his goal does not change; he is known to have attained religion.
Richard Cobden|Chance doesn't mean meaningless randomness, but historical contingency. This happens rather than that, and that's the way that novelty, new things, come about.
David Guterson|The world was incomprehensibly intricate, and yet this forest made a simple sense in her heart that she felt nowhere else.
Walt Whitman|Vivas to those who have fail’d!And to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea!And to those themselves who sank in the sea!And to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes!And the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes known!
Edmund Wilson|No two person, ever read the same book.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Somewhere, the zebra is dancing.
Henna Sohail|Planning is good for a decent survival, but an attitude to identify opportunity and act impromptu defines disproportionate success or spells immense happiness.
Dave Holmes|Through understanding comes control. Through ignorance one goes on forcing and suppressing. Always do everything with understanding, and you never harm yourself or anybody else.
Debasish Mridha|Let the power of your love change the world, but never let the problems of this world change the beauty of your love.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|To keep my life free of evil I must of necessity keep my life full of God, for keeping my life full of anything else will give evil everything else.
Jean-Paul Sartre|To believe is to know you believe, and to know you believe is not to believe.
Robert Orben|If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|...chuck-full of error, masturbation and Jesus.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|Is that it?”“No. That’s a wall.”“It could be disguised.”“You’re not very good at looking for things, are you?”“I’m good at looking for walls. Look, I found another one.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Rather than ask yourself if you are correct, it is far more realistic to think about how you are mistaken. Most humans have not been designed to be right very often.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|What the hell is that?" he asked."Magic mushrooms.""I've always wanted to try those," he exclaimed. "They sound so cute.
Chris Salamone|With his extensive experience of over two decades in the law field, Chris Salamone is the present CEO of the law firm, Chris M. Salamone & Associates
Sunday Adelaja|Happy Graduation," he said."Now go get her.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep your quiet spirit, peace and calmness.
Philip G. Zimbardo|The weirder you're going to behave, the more normal you should look. It works in reverse, too. When I see a kid with three or four rings in his nose, I know there is absolutely nothing extraordinary about that person.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek God first, we shall all other goodness.
Megan McCafferty, Second Helpings|The mysteries of a universe made of drops of fire and clods of mud do not concern us in the least. The fate of humanity condemned ultimately to perish from cold is not worth troubling about. If you take it to heart it becomes an unendurable tragedy. If you believe in improvement you must weep, for the attained perfection must end in cold, darkness and silence. In a dispassionate view the ardour for reform, improvement for virtue, and knowledge, and even for beauty is only a vain sticking up for appearances as though one were anxious about the cut of one’s clothes in a community of blind men.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I began to realize how simple life could be if one had a regular routine to follow with fixed hours and a fixed salary and very little original thinking to do. The life of a writer is absolute hell compared with the life of a businessman. The writer has to force himself to work. He has to make his own hours and if he doesn’t go to his desk at all there is nobody to scold him. If he is a writer of fiction he lives in a world of fear. Each new day demands new ideas and he can never be sure whether he is going to come up with them or not. Two hours of writing fiction leaves this particular writer absolutely drained. For those two hours he has been miles away, he has been somewhere else, in a different place with totally different people, and the effort of swimming back into normal surroundings is very great. It is almost a shock. The writer walks out of his workroom in a daze. He wants a drink. He needs it. It happens to be a fact that nearly every writer of fiction in the world drinks more whisky than is good for him. He does it to give himself faith, hope and courage. A person is a fool to become a writer. His only compensation is absolute freedom. He has no master except his own soul, and that, I am sure, is why he does it.
Steven Pinker|Friends always ask me what the best Indian restaurant in L.A. is. I'm like, 'I don't know, dude. I have an app on my iPhone for that.'
Patricia Cornwell, The Body Farm|I wouldn't want to assume that all men are like you. If I did, I know I would give them up entirely
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Whenever it rains, I remember him, not as a tear that hails down as a raindrop, but as a God of fertility. As, every time I remember him, his memories conceive a baby of emotions in me!
Theresa Cheung, Teen Tarot: What the Cards Reveal About You and Your Future|If you don't feel you have any choice in a situation, self-esteem and confidence plummet. But once you understand that you do have a choice, self-esteem will improve. You aren't a helpless victim anymore. You decide how you deal with a situation. You aren't just reacting to life; you're creating your life.
Swami Sivananda|The fabric of North Carolina and what makes our state so special is our families and our common desire for a brighter future for our children. No matter what your family looks like, we all want the same thing for our families - happiness, health, prosperity, a bright future for our children and grandchildren.
Dada Bhagwan|The rule is that when one’s mind is controlled in a specific subject, he can control the other person’s mind in that subject.
Karl Popper|It is not enough to know your craft - you have to have feeling. Science is all very well, but for us imagination is worth far more.
Dada Bhagwan|As many opinions you bound about a person, if you let go of them, you will attain a natural state. For whomever and for whatever matter, you have bound opinions, those opinions will continue to sting you and when you let go of those opinions, you can become natural.
Doran Larson|We live today amid ritualized anithumanisms. Among those intelligent enough to feel despair, some seek salvation in the literary artist. Artists love flattery; and the scam doesn't work without mystifying the process.The weather is unpredictable, but it is not mysterious.Wall Street is unpredictable, but it is not mysterious. Writing is unpredictable, (like street and sky, there are too many variables.) Its mystery vanishes, like a shadow, the moment the light aimed at your characters turns back upon yourself.
Boy George|Even today with the public's growing interest in food and diet issues, politicians rarely include food as part of their political platforms.
Paul Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|Philosophers and psychiatrists should explain why it is that we mathematicians are in the habit of systematically erasing our footsteps. Scientists have always looked askance at this strange habit of mathematicians, which has changed little from Pythagoras to our day.
Kylie Scott, Lead|I don’t like coming over here at night, the girl said. The bayou is scary in the dark, all manner of things running wild out there.
Justin Halpern, I Suck at Girls|... human beings fear the unknown. So, whatever's freaking you out, grab it by the balls and say hello.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|At the last stages of the journey, there’s no journey at all.
Donald S. Whitney, Spiritual Disciplines for the Christian Life|If people threw away their money as thoughtlessly as they throw away their time, we would think them insane. Yet time is infinitely more precious than money because money can’t buy time.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is insistence of the truth, one cannot know the Vitarag Lord [the enlightened one].
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|Who are you? What’s your name?”“Mi Mi.”“Do you hear that thumping noise?”“No.”“It must be here somewhere.” Tin Win knelt down. Now it was nearly next to his ear. “I hear it more and more distinctly. A soft pulsing. You really don’t hear it?”“No.”“Close your eyes.”Mi Mi closed her eyes. “Nothing,” she said, and laughed. Tin Win leaned over and felt her breath on his face. “I think it’s coming from you.” He crept closer to her and held his head just in front of her chest.There it was. Her heartbeat.
Rick Riordan|She glared at me like she was about to punch me, but then she did something that surprised me even more. She kissed me."Be careful seaweed brain." She said putting on her invisible cap and disappearing.I probably would have sat there all day, trying to remember my name, but then the sea demons came.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|The attempt made in recent decades by secularist thinkers to disengage the moral principles of western civilization from their scripturally based religious context, in the assurance that they could live a life of their own as "humanistic" ethics, has resulted in our "cut flower culture." Cut flowers retain their original beauty and fragrance, but only so long as they retain the vitality that they have drawn from their now-severed roots; after that is exhausted, they wither and die. So with freedom, brotherhood, justice, and personal dignity — the values that form the moral foundation of our civilization. Without the life-giving power of the faith out of which they have sprung, they possess neither meaning nor vitality.
Phileena Heuertz and Darren Prince|He did it (listened) as the world's most charming and magnetic people do, always asking the right question at the right time, never fidgeting or taking his eyes from the speaker's face, making the other guy feel like the most knowledgeable, brilliant, and intellectually savvy person on the planet.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Her mind escaped between them, and went exploring for itself through the great gaps they had made in the simple obedient assumptions of her girlhood. That question originally put in Paradise, "Why shouldn't we?" came into her mind and stayed there. It is a question that marks a definite stage in the departure from innocence. Things that had seemed opaque and immutable appeared translucent and questionable. She began to read more and more in order to learn things and get a light upon things, and less and less to pass the time. Ideas came to her that seemed at first strange altogether and then grotesquely justifiable and then crept to a sort of acceptance by familiarity. And a disturbing intermittent sense of a general responsibility increased and increased in her.You will understand this sense of responsibility which was growing up in Lady Harman's mind if you have felt it yourself, but if you have not then you may find it a little difficult to understand. You see it comes, when it comes at all, out of a phase of disillusionment. All children, I suppose, begin by taking for granted the rightness of things in general, the soundness of accepted standards, and many people are at least so happy that they never really grow out of this assumption. They go to the grave with an unbroken confidence that somewhere behind all the immediate injustices and disorders of life, behind the antics of politics, the rigidities of institutions, the pressure of custom and the vagaries of law, there is wisdom and purpose and adequate provision, they never lose that faith in the human household they acquired amongst the directed securities of home. But for more of us and more there comes a dissolution of these assurances; there comes illumination as the day comes into a candle-lit uncurtained room. The warm lights that once rounded off our world so completely are betrayed for what they are, smoky and guttering candles. Beyond what once seemed a casket of dutiful security is now a limitless and indifferent universe. Ours is the wisdom or there is no wisdom; ours is the decision or there is no decision. That burthen is upon each of us in the measure of our capacity. The talent has been given us and we may not bury it.
John Fowles, The Magus|Her stare fixed me. Without rancour and without regret; without triumph and without evil; as Desdemona once looked back on Venice. On the incomprehension, the baffled rage of Venice. I had taken myself to be in some way the traitor Iago punished, in an unwritten sixth act. Chained in hell. But I was also Venice; the state left behind; the thing journeyed from.
Aberjhani, Journey through the Power of the Rainbow: Quotations from a Life Made Out of Poetry|Poetry, like jazz, is one of those dazzling diamonds of creative industry that help human beings make sense out of the comedies and tragedies that contextualize our lives.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Just as you won’t enjoy the fruits of the tree you dislike, so you won’t even wait to learn from people you hate.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Emerald Hunt|Let me out, witch," growled Alice. She began to hum off key.Griselda stepped away from the door."I can help the little wee babes," Alice sung sweetly. "Through the woods and into the dark. Where he whispers the words to make his mark. Little boy of green..." Alice chuckled. "...has gone to the wizard who is evil and mean.
A.W. Tozer|Sometimes I go to God and say, "God, if Thou dost never answer another prayer while I live on this earth, I will still worship Thee as long as I live and in the ages to come for what Thou hast done already. God’s already put me so far in debt that if I were to live one million millenniums I couldn’t pay Him for what He’s done for me.
Karl Lagerfeld|Fashion is neither moral or immoral, but it is for rebuilding the morale.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, find what you love and do it with all your heart.
Mary-Kate Olsen|I didn't grow up wealthy. We couldn't even afford spaghetti sauce when I was first born, but my mom and dad worked really hard and came from the bottom up.
Charles Caleb Colton|The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself; absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|In a world in which everyone cheats, it's the honest man who passes for a charlatan.
Jill Lepore, The Secret History of Wonder Woman|This was her body. She had learned to take pleasure in it, even if no man had ever done the same. It was curved and generous and womanly and strong, and it was formed to do more than decorate a drawing room, or transfer wealth from one gentleman to another.She was made to tempt, labor, inspire, create, sustain.Despite the way Rafe held her bound in his grasp, a sense of power moved through her. For once, she could revel in her femininity and feel it as something other than a disadvantage to be overcome. A quality to be respected, worshiped. Even feared.
Esme Ellis, This Strange and Precious Thing|Laughter! I remember laughter. I did laughter a lot, he thought. These colours spinning around them are matching their mirth, changing from moment to moment, flaring out as they run and throw and catch. There are silver joy-waves rippling about them
Isaiah Berlin|What is Life?(1) Tale told by an idiot full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.(2) Dictionary definition in biology (chemical process within organic entities involving metabolism etc.)(3) Mrs Woolf: ‘Life is a luminous halo, a semi-transparent envelope surrounding us from the beginning of consciousness to the end.’(4) Series of actual and hypothetical behavioural data which differ in certain assignable ways from data defining dead or inanimate entities.(5) That which the Lord infused into Adam. See Genesis 1. 4 [sc. 2. 7].Which?Mental Cramp.
Mary Lindemann, Medicine and Society in Early Modern Europe|I should never have been happy in any profession that did not call forth the highest intellectual strain, and yet keep me in good warm contact with my neighbors. There is nothing like the medical profession for that: one can have the exclusive scientific life that touches the distance and befriend the old fogie in the parish too.
Leigh A. Bortins, The Core: Teaching Your Child the Foundations of Classical Education|Families are designed to nurture the minds, wills, and emotions of its members so that the barriers created by fear of the unknown can be replaced by the confidence that comes from knowing you are loved whether you succeed or fail.
P. J. O'Rourke|I grew up going to public school, and they were huge public schools. I went to a school that had 3,200 kids, and I had grade school classes with 40-some kids. Discipline was rigid. Most of the learning was rote. It worked.
David Hockney|I change during the course of a day. I wake and I'm one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I'm somebody else.
Juliet Marillier, Raven Flight|The future was in our own hands. If we wanted a world where such things were possible, it was for us to make it.
Rose Fall, Heart: A Romantic Short Story Collection|In high school, she’d been the loner fat girl and I’d been the asshole jock. There had always been something between us; we had gotten on so easily. I remember being both confused and upset that when I’d finally experienced that thing everyone called chemistry, it had been with her of all people.
Jerry Reinsdorf|I am so fidgety - I swear I have ADD - and I always need to be doing something or being outside, just playing sports.
Manel Loureiro, Apocalipsis Z: Los días oscuros|With apologies to Judy Garland and Cole Porter, all the world does NOT love a clown. John Wayne Gacy might have been the final nail in the coffin in terms of anyone associating clowns with funny (if a bunch of clowns die, do they all fit into one coffin?)
Peter Porter|Each word bears its weight, so you have to read my poems quite slowly.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|You bruised my ego, you see, and there’s just not enough money in the world to soothe my ego when it gets bruised
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|Don't see me as a girl. See me as a buddy of yours or something."	He cast his eyes downward and didn't look back up to my face. I looked down and groaned. Such a guy. "My buddies don't have boobs, as far as I know."	"Because you felt them up to be sure?" I chuckled, against my better judgement. 	Once again, his mouth dropped open.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Death and Famine and War and Pollution continued biking towards Tadfield. And Grievous Bodily Harm, Cruelty To Animals, Things Not Working Properly Even After You've Given Them A Good Thumping but secretly No Alcohol Lager, and Really Cool People travelled with them.
Cristian Peter Marinescu-Ivan|For some reason, she thought of how the old people wept when they played fado music at the annual Portuguese Festival. Saudade , her great-aunt Del called it: homesick music. But according to her father, the emotion was about more than place. It was a profound longing for everything that was lost and would never be regained.
-- Neil Diamond.|In the midst of all dwells the Sun. For who could set this luminary in another or better place in this most glorious temple, than whence he can at one and the same time brighten the whole.
Sunday Adelaja|When you become a transformer, you become faced with the challenge of skepticism
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|Babies are never suicidal. Hard lives, not hard boiled eggs do that.
Mitt Romney|I'm literally driving in the middle of the night, and my phone rings, and my manager says, 'How would you like to be the host of the Daily Show?' I get out the car, and I didn't have legs. You know in those movies where there's an explosion? But instead of the sound of the explosion, you hear the silence. That's literally what happened.
Luisa A. Igloria|Inevitably, though, there will always be a significant part of the past which can neither be burnt nor banished to the soothing limbo of forgetfulness— myself. I was and still am that same ship which carried me to the new shore, the same vessel containing all the memories and dreams of the child in the brick house with the toy tea set. I am the shore I left behind as well as the home I return to every evening. The voyage cannot proceed without me.
Michel Legrand|The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.
Penn Jillette|What I have a problem with is not so much religion or god, but faith. When you say you believe something in your heart and therefore you can act on it, you have completely justified the 9/11 bombers. You have justified Charlie Manson. If it's true for you, why isn't it true for them? Why are you different? If you say "I believe there's an all-powerful force of love in the universe that connects us all, and I have no evidence of that but I believe it in my heart," then it's perfectly okay to believe in your heart that Sharon Tate deserves to die. It's perfectly okay to believe in your heart that you need to fly planes into buildings for Allah.
Charisma Carpenter|Instead of causing us to remember the past like the old monuments, the new monuments seem to cause us to forget the future.
Matshona Dhliwayo|By the time a fool learns how to hold a spear, the lion has eaten him.
Francis Bacon|The practices we now call conservation are, to a large extent, local alleviations of biotic pain. They are necessary, but they must not be confused with cures. The art of land doctoring is being practiced with vigor, but the science of land health is yet to be born.
Debasish Mridha|Don't forget to enjoy the winter, but never give up hopes for the spring.
George Orwell, Coming Up for Air|Perhaps a man really dies when his brain stops, when he loses the power to take in a new idea.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|I am a scientist who studies the human mind, including the sexual differences in mental faculties, and I am telling you, ten female thinkers can teach humanity lessons equivalent to the teachings of a hundred male thinkers of history.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|So I took her hand, and I don't know what everybody else heard, but to me it sounded like a slow dance: a little sad, but maybe a little hopeful, too.
Anthony M. Kennedy|For if we are observed in all matters, we are constantly under threat of correction, judgment, criticism, even plagiarism of our own uniqueness. We become children, fettered under watchful eyes, constantly fearful that — either now or in the uncertain future — patterns we leave behind will be brought back to implicate us, by whatever authority has now become focused upon our once-private and innocent acts. We lose our individuality, because everything we do is observable and record
Steve Jobs|I want you to live, and go on living, and let everyone else live, too.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|So at the end of the day, here was what Mike was able to believe in: people.It was people and their kindness the made him feel blessed. It was people who were the heroes, and people who were generous, and people who comforted one another.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|Anyway—because we are readers, we don't have to wait for some communications executive to decide what we should think about next—and how we should think about it. We can fill our heads with anything from aardvarks to zucchinis—at any time of night or day.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The most accessible field in science, from the point of view of language, is astrophysics. What do you call spots on the sun? Sunspots. Regions of space you fall into and you don’t come out of? Black holes. Big red stars? Red giants. So I take my fellow scientists to task. He’ll use his word, and if I understand it, I’ll say, “Oh, does that mean da-da-da-de-da?
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Both old and young alike ought to seek wisdom: the former in order that, as age comes over him, he may be young in good things because of the grace of what has been, and the latter in order that, while he is young, he may at the same time be old, because he has no fear of the things which are to come.
Deirdre-Elizabeth Parker, The Fugitive's Doctor|I have spent my whole life preparing to be William Wallace’s wife. The choices I make are defined by the person I am.“I am Mrs. William Victor Wallace. I am married to a federal felon whom I love unconditionally.I hold my head high, I take pride in my life and I walk this world without regret.I will be the perfect wife and my husband deserves nothing less.
Barbara Hambly, The Armies of Daylight|God has judged me all my life. But that is God's privilege, my lady. Not yours.
Ruth Brown|Yes, there are times when I get extremely depressed and how I sublimate those feelings is through music.
Olivia Gagan|These passive prejudices were not necessarily from a place of ugly, but they certainly weren’t from a place of respect.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It is tempting to quit striving toward a goal when you have neither the time, the resources, the support, the means, nor perhaps the confidence in talent to reach the level of standing you wish to reach. But these are not reasons to quit. Move forward anyway. Try your best. Put what little you do have into accomplishing what you can, because along the way you may attain a portion of what you feel is lacking. And owning a portion of a dream is better than owning no dream at all. Never give up.
Linda Sanchez|You collect people to take with you. Some people change, other people don't... it's wonderful because I've met some incredible friends.
Antonio Machado|We can say "Peace on Earth." We can sing about it  preach about it or pray about it  but if we have not internalized the mythology to make it happen inside us  then it will not be.
David Brooks, The Social Animal: The Hidden Sources Of Love, Character, And Achievement|THE MALE JOURNEY t some point in time, a man needs to embark on a risky -journey. It's a necessary adventure that takes him into uncertainty, and it almost always involves some form of difficulty or failure. On this journey the man learns to trust God more than he trusts a sense of right and wrong or his own sense of self-worth.
Jack Waddell|Love is Short, Remembering is long
Charles Bukowski|When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world, we lose connection with one another - and ourselves.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|A man who was aware that there could be no honor and yet had honor, who knew the sophistry of courage and yet was brave.
Louis Sachar|I'm not saying it's going to be easy. Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it. After all, you only have one life, so you should try to make the most of it.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|[But] we inherit a whole system of desires which do not necessarily contribute God's will but which, after centuries of usurped autonomy steadfastly ignore it. If the thing we like doing is, in fact, the thing God wants us to do, yet that is not our reason for doing it; it remains a mere happy coincidence. We cannot therefore know that we are acting at all, or primarily, for God's sake, unless the material of the action is contrary to our inclination or (in other words) painful and what we cannot know that we are choosing, we cannot choose. The full acting out of the self's surrender to God therefore demands pain: this action, to be perfect, must be done from the pure will to obey in the absence, or in the teeth, of inclination. How impossible it is to enact the surrender of the self by doing what we like...
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|Despite your best efforts and intentions, there's a limited reservoir to fellowship before you begin to rely solely on the vapors of nostalgia. Eventually, you move on, latch on to another group of friends. Once in a while, though, you remember something, a remark or a gesture, and it takes you back. You think how close all of you were, the laughs and commiserations, the fondness and affection and support. You recall the parties, the trips, the dinners and late, late nights. Even the arguments and small betrayals have a revisionist charm in retrospect. You're astonished and enlivened by the memories. You wonder why and how it ever stopped. You have the urge to pick up the phone, fire off an email, suggesting reunion, resumption, and you start to act, but then don't, because it would be awkward talking after such a long lag, and, really, what would be the point? Your lives are different now. Whatever was there before is gone. And it saddens you, it makes you feel old and vanquished--not only over this group that disbanded, but also over all the others before and after it, the friends you had in grade and high school, in college, in your twenties and thirties, your kinship to them (never mind to all your old lovers) ephemeral and, quite possibly, illusory to begin with.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|The soul, in its loneliness, hopes only for "salvation." And yet what is the burden of the Bible if not a sense of the mutuality of influence, rising out of an essential unity, among soul and body and community and world? These are all the works of God, and it is therefore the work of virtue to make or restore harmony among them. The world is certainly thought of as a place of spiritual trial, but it is also the confluence of soul and body, word and flesh, where thoughts must become deeds, where goodness must be enacted. This is the great meeting place, the narrow passage where spirit and flesh, word and world, pass into each other. The Bible's aim, as I read it, is not the freeing of the spirit from the world. It is the handbook of their interaction. It says that they cannot be divided; that their mutuality, their unity, is inescapable; that they are not reconciled in division, but in harmony. What else can be meant by the resurrection of the body? The body should be "filled with light," perfected in understanding. And so everywhere there is the sense of consequence, fear and desire, grief and joy. What is desirable is repeatedly defined in the tensions of the sense of consequence.
Evan Baldonado|Soon the cottage was filled with the familiar, homely smell of frying onions. It escaped from the stove, crept through the kitchen, sniffed along the bottom of the closed front room door and wound its way stealthily up the crooked staircase, even under the door of Anna's bedroom. But even this, the most delicious, hungry-making smell in the world, was unable to rouse her.
C.G. Jung|I have frequently seen people become neurotic when they content themselves with inadequate or wrong answers to the questions of life. They seek position, marriage, reputation, outward success of money, and remain unhappy and neurotic even when they have attained what they were seeking. Such people are usually confined within too narrow a spiritual horizon. Their life has not sufficient content, sufficient meaning. If they are enabled to develop into more spacious personalities, the neurosis generally disappears.
Ramana Pemmaraju|A global mind thinks about interconnections and interdependencies and their impacts and consequences, both on a local and a global level.
Atsushi Ōkub|Really great moral teachers never do introduce new moralities: it is quacks and cranks who do that.... The real job of every moral teacher is to keep on bringing us back, time after time, to the old simple principles which we are all so anxious not to see; like bringing a horse back and back to the fence it has refused to jump or bringing a child back and back to the bit in its lesson that it wants to shirk.
Laird Barron, The Beautiful Thing That Awaits Us All|Brush snapped. The stag shambled forth from the outer darkness. It loomed above Scobie, its fur rank and steaming. Black blood oozed from gashes along its flanks. Beneath a great jagged crown of antlers its eyes were black, its teeth yellow and broken. Scobie fell to his knees, palms raised in supplication. The stag nuzzled his matted hair and its long tongue lapped at the muddy tears and the streaks of drying blood upon the man’s upturned face. Its muzzle unhinged. The teeth closed and there was a sound like a ripe cabbage cracking apart.
Richelle E. Goodrich|As a writer, I see the saga of your life in a single glimpse. It may be inaccurate, but my version doesn't lack for creativity.
Ian Dunbar|We put more emphasis on who can drive a car than on who can be a parent. And I think there ought to be mandatory parenting classes starting in high school, and you should have to have a license to be able to be a parent to explain that you don't give alcohol to kids.
George Jean Nathan|One of the things everybody seems to want to ask writers is, "Where do you get your ideas?" When people ask me this, my usual response is, "Ideas are the easy part. The hard part is writing them down.
RVM|With Inspiration, Liberation and Determination, you can reach any Destination.-RVM
Rick Chiantaretto, Death of the Body|For me and the girls from my village, horror is a disease and we are sick with it. It is not an illness you can cure yourself of by standing up and letting the big red cinema seat fold itself up behind you.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|You must promise me. You can't desire the end without desiring the means.'Ah, but one can, he thought, one can: one can desire the peace of victory without desiring the ravaged towns.
Hamidreza Bagheri|Fasten your belts and sharpen your arrows, we're going for a hunt! I'm single again!
Charles M. Schulz, Charles M. Schulz: Conversations|I don't believe in school prayer. I think it's total nonsense...who is the teacher there that is going to have them pray? And is the teacher going to be Catholic or Mormon or Episcopalian or what? It just causes all sorts of problems. And what are the kids praying about anyway? Does it really matter, does praying in school...what are you doing it for? The whole thing just opens up all sorts of elements of discussion. I think it's crazy.
Pamela Ribon|There is something fascinatingly awkward about an author photo. I'm drawn to those glossy shots in the back of books, mostly because the subjects never look happy to be there.
Ann Coulter|We've finally given liberals a war against fundamentalism, and they don't want to fight it. They would, except it would put them on the same side as the United States.
Elif Batuman, The Idiot|Why was "plain" a euphemism for "ugly," when the very hallmark of human beauty was its plainness, the symmetry and simplicity that always seemed so young and so innocent. It was impossible not to think that here beauty was one of the most important things about her - something having to do with who she really was.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|As she fell, Esther wasn’t worried about being blown off course and plummeting into the rocks below. She wasn’t worried about hitting the shallows and pin diving to the ocean floor and shattering her spine. She wasn’t even worried about Cthulhu. (Okay, maybe a little.) What she worried about was Eugene’s willingness to jump. The way he glanced down at the water far below and looked at it like it was home. The way he stepped lightly from the cliff’s edge, and the way he fell through the air faster than she did, dragged down by earth’s magnetic field. The way he flickered in the sunlight as he hit the water, the same way Tyler Durden flashed on-screen four times before you saw him solidly. Foreshadowing the twist to come. Eugene was afraid of demons, and monsters, and above all the dark, but he was not afraid of death. That scared her more than anything.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|...in the worst of circumstances, the hypocrite who pretends to be good does less harm than the public sinner.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|All I know is that the fear I have been battling all night is breaking down the door of my ignorance. As my feet slam down I feel not the hard, wet asphalt but the soft Persian rug that led to the staircase in my father’s home. In the glow of lightning the dancing trees are illuminated but I see my mother in the glow of candlelight, spinning, twirling, her hair fanned out behind her. It is falling over me, saturating my thoughts, and I cannot. I cannot let it in.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|If words come alive on the page, the writer succeeds in connecting to the reader.
Francis of Assisi|I would love it if people could look at chubby folks with all of our curves, bumps and ridges and just say 'She's beautiful' just like that. You don't have to get on a treadmill as long as your blood pressure is under control and you eat healthy, God bless.
Michelangelo|I say to mankind, Be not curious about God. For I, who am curious about each, am not curious about God - I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|I look at you, and I think about you, and ... I don't know. No one has ever confounded me the way you do.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|She swore this time around she'd listen to her instincts, and right now they told her to be careful. She'd had to fight hard for everything she had, and risking everything for a little fun didn't seem wise.
Debasish Mridha|Like the ocean, never forget to be generous with your love.
Sadhguru, Life and Death in One Breath|Wanting to change only the British position at the top of the American social structure, John Adams feared that a "rage for innovation" would consume what was worthwhile about American culture.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|It is important to take the seriousness out of things that do not deserve it. Take the seriousness out of it, and the thing loses its power.
Dina Hansen, Stop Eating Your Stress!: Discover the Secret to Inner Calm, Comfort & True Nourishment On and Off Your Plate|The demons are not easily dispatched, instead attaching themselves to otherwise beautiful things, a favorite food or a love note left for you, to see how you react when they rear up.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: And the Path of Loving Kindness|Yesterday I talked about cultivating precision, gentleness, and openess, and described how the meditation technique helps us to remember the qualities that we already possess.
Hal Sparks|When I started writing, I was a great rationalist and believed I was absolutely in control. But the older one gets, the more confused, and for an artist I think that is quite a good thing: you allow in more of your instinctual self; your dreams, fantasies and memories. It's richer, in a way.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Birth of a Dream Weaver: A Writer's Awakening|Luckily for me, I loved books. Books can enlighten but can also benight, but at least one can play one off against another.
Poul Anderson, Call Me Joe|You get hit the hardest when trying to run or hide from a problem. Like the defense on a football field, putting all focus on evading only one defender is asking to be blindsided.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Judgment is given to men that they may use it. Because it may be used erroneously, are men to be told that they ought not to use it at all? To prohibit what they think pernicious is not claiming exemption from error, but fulfilling the duty incumbent on them, although fallible, of acting on their conscientious conviction. If we were never to act on our opinions, because those opinions ‘lay be wrong, we should leave all our interests uncared for, and all our duties unperformed. An objection which applies to all conduct can be no valid objection to any conduct in particular.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In a country where Christians were looked upon with suspicion and disfavor, a government leader said to me with a twinkle in his eye, “Christians seem to thrive under persecution. Perhaps we should prosper them, and then they would disappear.
Mia Sheridan, Stinger|There are many soul-stirring things in this world, but not many as profound as watching the beautiful man you love holding the baby you created together. No, not many.
Rhawn Joseph|within the core of each of us is the child we once were. This child constitutes the foundation of what we have become, who we are, and what we will be.
Abigail Tarttelin, Golden Boy|Love holds no expectation on what you will be, it simply values who you are.
Neil Gaiman|Whatever worldly thing we may covet - zealously striving to obtain and then retain - never seems to bring an end to our desires. Covetousness, envy, jealousy, and greed always escalate into a vicious spiral, as we seek greater and greater gratification but find less and less contentment. . . . Striving to acquire the things of the world not only does not bring lasting happiness and peace, but it drives us to seek more. When "all we've ever wanted" is grounded in the temporal trappings of this world, it is never enough!
David Dark|What the pundits call wishy-washiness, the Bible calls repentance.
Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec|People get a little sidelined thinking that fame and fortune is going to bring them happiness, peace and contentment in their lives. Everyone thinks they want to be famous until the paparazzi are in their face, and then they're asking, 'Just give me some privacy.'
Franklin D. Roosevelt, Looking Forward|Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
Tim Hetherington|War, famine, poverty and oppression of the workers will continue while woman makes life cheap. They will cease only when she limits her reproductivity and human life is no longer a thing to be wasted.
David Levithan, Ten Things I Hate about You|No. I don't. You don't always have to be who they want you to be, you know.
Tijan, Evil|The only god thing in me, is you. If you die, there's no redemption for me. I'll become a full demon.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|One thing I know from living with Jack is that war, any war, stains a man deep, and nothing can get the stain out. They can wear clothes like a rancher or a banker, but the stains are under there, never far from the surface of their skin.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Situational awareness enables you to observe your periphery with a clear vision and emotional foresight, which may inevitably keep you socially, physically, or professionally out of harm's way. Connect the dots.
Robby Dumanon|P40- this violence, as a process, is perpetuated from generation to generation of oppressors, who become its heirs and are shaped by it.
Ramana Pemmaraju|LABOUR is effort, while ART is effortless! What are you?
Laurie Cass|The cat is the beutiful devil. And here we can use the word, even without the “a.”- from a Dec. 21 1960, a letter to Sheri Martinelli"On Cats
Fred Barnett|You’re going to show up to a duel, in the street, wearing Come F—k Me Heels?" — Bats 2015
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Truly unconditional love was suffocating, in that it took so little notice of who you actually were.
Antoine François Prévost d'Exiles, Manon Lescaut|Some say that Love, at sight of human ties, Spreads his light wings and in a moment flies.
Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl|You're the one who made it seem like we were doing something wrong. Maybe you still feel like that, because for whatever reason, you think I'm not good enough for you. But I like you, okay? I've liked you from the very beginning.""It was never going anywhere""Because you wouldn't let it go anywhere.
Debasish Mridha|Ultimately, you are defined by your kindness, compassion, passion, and choice.
Simone de Beauvoir|To emancipate woman is to refuse to confine her to the relations she bears to man, not to deny them to her; let her have her independent existence and she will continue nonetheless to exist for him also: mutually recognising each other as subject, each will yet remain for the other an other. The reciprocity of their relations will not do away with the miracles – desire, possession, love, dream, adventure – worked by the division of human beings into two separate categories; and the words that move us – giving, conquering, uniting – will not lose their meaning. On the contrary, when we abolish the slavery of half of humanity, together with the whole system of hypocrisy that it implies, then the 'division' of humanity will reveal its genuine significance and the human couple will find its true form.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|Or perhaps it's "activist," but on environmental and economic problems, without understanding that pressuring women to have too many children is the biggest cause of environmental distress, and economic courses should start with reproduction, not just production.
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|I've heard that men are like fine wine. They begin as grapes, and it's up to women to stomp the shit out of them until they turn into something acceptable to have dinner with.
J. P. Morgan|Whether we're talking about leadership, teamwork, or client service, there is no more powerful attribute than the ability to be genuinely honest about one's weaknesses, mistakes, and needs for help.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.
Trey Gowdy|It is just called Continuing Legal Education. You can go to lectures, you can even listen to tapes on airplanes - they want you to stay current. So you do have to stay current to maintain your license even if you are not practicing.
Stephen Colbert|Sir, pay no attention to the people who say the glass is half empty, because 32% means it's 2/3 empty. There's still some liquid in that glass is my point, but I wouldn't drink it. The last third is usually backwash.(Said to President Bush at the White House Correspondents Dinner)
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|If there were ever such a thing as a unique opinion, history would probably be less inclined to repeat itself.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|The secret of successfully giving yourself away lies not so much in calculated actions as in cultivating friendly, warm-hearted impulses. You have to train yourself to obey giving impulses on the instant -- before they get a chance to cool. When you give impulsively, something happens inside of you that makes you glow, sometimes for hours.
Amelia Earhart|I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.
Timur Vermes|...and of course reconcilliation with England--the country that from the first should have been, given her parallel territorial ambitions, our closest ally--so that some day in the future we can act as one. It remains a mystery to me why that last relationship never worked out. How many more bombs would we have had to drop on their cities before they realized that we were their friends?
Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield|As a human being, I'm concerned about the world that I live in. So, I'm concerned about peace. I'm concerned about - about man's inhumanity to man. I'm concerned about the environment.
Debasish Mridha|Humanity suffers because most of us are living in our prison of fixed, false beliefs and we don't want to get out of it.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Led Zeppelin! I clapped my hand over my mouth.This big, strong man, wearing a muscle shirt and cargo pants, sang rock songs to a toddler in the middle of the night. I was so toast. Game over. And it was doubly terrifying, considering I had no idea how to make him stick around. He would leave and take his sweetness and his Pepto and our hearts.
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|No amount of 'peace-building' will be able to last, nor will harmony and happiness be attained, in a society that ignores, pushes to the margins, or excludes a part of itself; it loses something essential. We must never, never allow the throwaway culture to enter our hearts! ... No one is disposable!
Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal|Bleeding ulcers run in my family, we give them to each other.
Michael Lum|Simply thinking creatively is not the same as being innovative, and only those who risk breaking out of their comfort zone by putting thought into action will discover the profusion of opportunity that exists.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|I would rather make fun of things, and I’m struggling against an inborn fatalism . . . The creative impulse is such a fragile thing, but we have to create now. We owe it to ourselves to do the work. I want to encourage you. If you aspire to write, put aside all the niceties and sureties about what art should be and write something that makes the scales fall from our eyes. Forget the tired axioms about showing and telling, about sense of place—any possible obstruction—and write to destroy complacency, to rattle people, to help people, first and foremost yourself. Lodge your ideas like glass shards in the minds of everyone who would have you believe there’s no hope. And read, as often and as violently as you can. If you have friends, as I do, who tacitly believe that it’s too much of a chore to read a book, just one fucking book, from start to finish, smash every LCD they own. This is an opportunity. There’s too much at stake now to pretend that everything is okay.
Milton H. Erickson|When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.
Ishmael Beah|My squad was my family, my gun was my provider and protector, and my rule was to kill or be killed. The extent of my thoughts didn’t go much beyond that. We had been fighting for over two years, and killing had become a daily activity. I felt no pity for anyone.
Logan Kain, The Dead Will Rise First|As a species, tragedy dwells within us all. We push it to the back of our thoughts, but it is never so far gone that it cannot return, crashing and writhing into our souls: a rogue wave overturning a boat on a calm day. Tragedy is never more than a breath away. We hide from its certainty and go about our lives as though time can be wasted. Somewhere deep inside ourselves we know that we tell ourselves lies. We know that someday everything we love will be gone.
Paul Arden, Whatever You Think, Think the Opposite|Moonlight signifies a time when there is hope in darkness, but you have to focus on that hope.
NOT A BOOK|You have only one life. So, live it happy with whatever conditions you have. Don't let others destroy your imagination and the world you are living in, and don't even listen to what they have to say about you. When you give more weight to other's opinions than your own thoughts, you will end up living their unattainable life instead of yours..
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To prevent your time from just melting into vanity, you must race against time and stand in the way of time so you could convert it to tangible products.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have glamorized vice and minimized virtue. We have played down gentleness, manners, and morals—while we have played up rudeness, savagery, and vice . . . and the philosophy of “might is right.
Lexie Conyngham, A Splendid Salmagundi|I find it very difficult to talk here now because I'm watching the sea all the time. The sea always makes me watch it all the time. I've spent hours and hours not just on the sea but just watching wave after wave come in. If it's an image of anything, I think it's an image of our own unconscious, the unconscious of our own minds... or you can put it the other way around, and that is that we have a sea in us. After all, we are sea creatures that learnt to walk on the land, are we not? And perhaps one way or another we go back to it. Every night when we dream we go back into that kind of depths, and that kind of beauty and monstrosity and mystery. So really the sea is not a single image, it can really image almost anything that the human mind can discover.
Abbie Nielsen|Dear Future Daughter:1) When you’re at some party, chain smoking on the roof with some strange girl with blue hair and exorbitant large dark eyes, ask her about her day. I promise you, you won’t regret it. Often times you’ll find the strangest of people have the most captivating of stories to tell.2) Please, never mistake desire for love. Love will engulf your soul, whilst desire will emerge as acid, slowly making it’s way through your veins, gradually burning you from the inside out.3) No one is going to fucking save you, anything you’ve read or heard otherwise is bullshit.4) One day a boy is going to come along who’s touch feels like fire and who’s words taste like vanilla, when he leaves you, you will want to die. If you know anything at all, know that it is only temporary.5) Your mental health comes before school baby, always. If its midnight, and you have an exam the next day but your hands have been shaking for the past hour and a half and you’re not so sure you want to be alive anymore, pull out that carton of Ben and Jerry’s and afterwards, go the fuck to bed. So what if you get a 68% on the exam the next day? You took care of yourself and at the end of the day that will always come before a high test score. To hell with anyone who tells you differently.
Ian Mckellen|Part of the bargain of being alive is that one takes a chance at dying a premature or painful death, be it from violence, accident, or disease.
Lord Dunsany, The Charwoman's Shadow|There is some fiction, in all fact; and some fact, in all fiction.
Rosemary Mahoney|A lot of my childhood memories involve walking home in floods of tears. At that age, feeling unpopular is difficult to handle.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree does not despair when its fruit falls to the ground, because it knows in due time, its seeds will rise.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Don’t always wish it is easier to be done; wish you have enough power to make it happen. No matter how difficult it is, you can do it when the solution is in your palms!
Donna Goddard|Sometimes, to protect a secret we will say it so openly that most will not suspect the truth of what we are saying.
Andrew McCarthy, The Longest Way Home: One Man's Quest for the Courage to Settle Down|But in my clutching, it began to slip away. I softened my grasp and the sense of fluidity returned, I rode it like a wave. ...This paradox provoked in me a sense of freedom and relief-relief that what I was always aware of on a faint, subconscious level was a strong and satisfying truth.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are two masters, and you have to choose which master you are going to serve.
Bertrand Russell|An atheist is someone who is certain that God doesn't exist, someone who has compelling evidence against the existence of God. I know of no such compelling evidence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever you have in your mind, it always carries the potential to come into existence in the world of reality!
Matt      Chandler|I serve," should be the motto of all the princes of the royal family of heaven.
Nadia Scrieva, Tides of Tranquility|Judgment, then, is not an impersonal, legalistic process. It is a matter of love, and it is something we choose for ourselves. Nor is punishment a vindictive act. God's "curses" are not expressions of hatred, but of fatherly love and discipline. Like medicinal ointment, they hurt in order to heal. They impose suffering that is remedial, restorative, and redemptive. God's wrath is an expression of His love for His wayward children.
Dominic Riccitello|I’ve spent awhile trying to figure out where I’m going and the only thing I’ve come to realize is it doesn’t matter where, it’s how I get there.
Walt Mossberg|The great thing for me about 'The Resurrection of Gavin Stone' is it's a throwback to the old fashioned Hollywood movie that you can watch with your family, has a message, and is funny and entertaining. They didn't call them faith-based movies; they just called them good movies.
Greg Gutfeld, Not Cool: The Hipster Elite and Their War on You|The failure of individual responsibility must be compensated for by a collective response and the consequences of such a failure at the collective level often devolve to individuals. The net result is that a lack of responsibility becomes culturally acceptable and that both individuals and societies as a whole adopt explanatory models that construct the prevalent condition as an unavoidable situation, rather than one that could easily be transformed by taking responsibility where possible.
Saint Teresa of Avila|Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
dandelionlady96|Listen, I do care about you.If that time ever comes, when I say "I don't care", trust me, in that moment, I will be lying.
Elon Musk|You need to live in a dome initially, but over time you could terraform Mars to look like Earth and eventually walk around outside without anything on... So it's a fixer-upper of a planet.
William Blake, Songs of Innocence and of Experience|I dared, for the first and last time in my life, to express a theological conclusion: "But how can a necessary being exist totally polluted with the possible? What difference is there, then, between God and primogenial chaos? Isn't affirming God's absolute omnipotence and His absolute freedom with regard to His own choices tantamount to demonstrating that God does not exist?
Hans Christian Andersen|Where words fail, music speaks.
Fran Drescher|It is a matter of common knowledge that the government of South Carolina is under domination of a small ring of cunning, conniving men.
Wilbur Smith|Life is one wood as much older you get as more smaller it becomes. Down under this wood there are one hole which is for dead and... the place on which you walk it's called Life. When you lose steady you fall..., when you fall you die.
Brent M. Jones|You don't have to close your eyes or even look up to find an answer you just have to want an answer to come, and then ask.
Phillips Brooks|In the twilight, it was a vision of power.
H.P. Lovecraft|I want a new liver to replace my heart.""Um, why?""Because then I could drink more and care less.
Michelle Cuevas, Confessions of an Imaginary Friend|A strong man next to you in bed is a comfort, but real security is a German Shepherd bitch on guard at the door.
Debasish Mridha|It began with a hello, and ended in hell.
Ori Hofmekler, The Warrior Diet|As for meat, let me say it upfront:Humans haven’t fully adapted to eating meat.
Debasish Mridha|Displays of weapons will not be able to bring peace, only displays of love and understanding can do that.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|Protesting is never a disturbance of the peace. Corruption, injustice, war and intimidation are disturbances of the peace.
Mohsin Ali Shaukat|Leaders are not just personalities or identities we follow, they are ideas, everything belongs to them gives you a feel which forces you to rethink about your own-self (Life) and tracks (Purpose of life) you are walking on, even their remembrance gives you an energy which is powerful enough to shape your reality, even the realities of those who hate them.
Steven Erikson|I wasn’t ready to be done. Emma’s birthday was the next week. I was going to sit her on my knee and tell her about the time I went to Italy with Julia, long before we had kids. Long before we got married, for that matter. I saw a painting that looked just like Emma; the girl in the painting was a beautiful, regal queen. I wanted Emma to know she was a queen.”If ghosts could cry, Mr. Grumpy would be crying. He looked at Richard. “Do you think she knows she is a queen?
Bertand Russell|Most Americans, and indeed most Europeans, would much rather ignore the fundamental conflict between Islam and their own worldview. This is partly because they generally assume that ‘religion,’ however defined, is a force for good and that any set of religious beliefs should be considered acceptable in a tolerant society. I can sympathize with that. But that does not mean that we should be blind to the potential consequences of accommodating beliefs that are openly hostile to Western laws, traditions, and values. For it is not simply a religion we have to deal with. It is a political religion many of whose fundamental tenets are irreconcilably inimical to our way of life. We need to insist that it is not we in the West who must accommodate ourselves to Muslim sensitivities; it is Muslims who must accommodate themselves to Western liberal ideals.
Ellen G. White, Patriarchs And Prophets|The proper biblical understanding of sin is much more radical and far-reaching. It can never be used as a weapon, because it will recoil on anyone who tries to deploy it that way.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|The most difficult thing to adjust to, apparently, is peace and contentment.
Henry David Thoreau, I to Myself: An Annotated Selection from the Journal of Henry D. Thoreau|Clary felt suddenly annoyed. "When the self-congratulatory part of the evening is over, maybe we could get back to saving my best friend from being exsanguinated to death?""Exsanguinated," said Jace, impressed. "That's a big word.""And you're a big-""Tsk tsk," he interupted. "No swearing in church.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I don't want to tiptoe around her or him or you anymore. The only thing that's doing us making it harder for me to remember her. Sometimes i try to concentrate on her voice just so i can hear her again-The way she always said 'Hey there' when she was in a good mood,An 'Vi-o-let' when she was annoyed.For some reason, these are the easiest ones.I concentrate on them, and when i have them. I hold on to them because i don't ever want to forget how she sounded.Like it or not,She was here and now she's gone.But she doesn't have to be completely gone.
Herman L Glaess|It is the sensitive people in any organization that become aware of the need to discover the acceptable "middle" ground between "profit only" and "people only" and act accordingly.
N. H. Kleinbaum|...The human race is filled with passion. And medicine, law, business, engineering, these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
Cara Black, Murder in the Bastille|The past informs the present. Memory makes the map we carry, no matter how hard we try to erase it.
Patrick Rhone, Keeping It Straight: You, Me & Everything Else|Isaac Asimov's remark about the infantilism of pseudoscience is just as applicable to religion: 'Inspect every piece of pseudoscience and you will find a security blanket, a thumb to suck, a skirt to hold.' It is astonishing, moreover, how many people are unable to understand that 'X is comforting' does not imply 'X is true'.
A.J. Benson|Each choice strengthens the magic you bring to the world, either for good or for evil. Those choices are yours alone.~Mab Atkinson
Cora Carmack, Losing It|My mother had told me once when I was little and had a friendship fall apart that some relationships just end. Like a star, they burn bright and brilliant, and then nothing in particular goes wrong, they just reach their end.
Ellis Peters, A Morbid Taste for Bones|I think there are some who live on a knife-edge in the soul, and at times are driven to hurl themselves into the air, at the mercy of heaven or he'll which way to fall.
Kristin Bartley Lenz|...90 Times to be viewed a work which is state: Progress sounds like a lot of to me... but please don't lie and say that you what I to continu, don't ya???
Peter Bunzl, Whisky Chasers|...I’m sometimes called a reactionary. People say I want to go back to the 50s. And they’re right – but it’s the 650s BC I want to return to, because Sparta had the right idea about male love. You can spend all day wrestling and wanking each other off if you want to, chaps, but you still have to get married, have kids and go off to fight wars.
Candace Bushnell|My favourite room in my house is easily the top room, which is a bedroom but also a bathroom, with a big, wooden carved bath, two huge fireplaces and a raised bit in the corner for performances. I've had some really lovely parties and poetry readings up there.
George R.R. Martin|Torches just blind you. On a clear night like this, the moon and the stars are enough.
Arctic Monkeys, Whatever People Say I Am That's What I'm|And it only hurts when I'm breathing My heart only breaks when it's beating My dreams only die when I'm dreaming So, I hold my breath--to forget
Shatrujeet Nath|People who think that grammar is just a collection of rules and restrictions are wrong. If you get to like it, grammar reveals the hidden meaning of history, hides disorder and abandonment, links things and brings opposites together. Grammar is a wonderful way of organising the world how you'd like it to be.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There is something divine, mystical, magical and unexplainable in the universe that is listening and responding to each of us.
Spike Lee|One of the nice things about books as opposed to television and movies to some extent is it's not a passive entertainment. People really do get involved, and they do create, and they do have their own visions of what different characters look like and what should happen. It's great - it means their brains are working.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sooner or later I will realize that the very things I most desperately need are the very things I am unable to give myself. Therefore, I will either be left despising the fact that I am doomed to live out a life that is perpetually empty, or I will realize that an empty tomb is the single thing that will eternally fill me.
Mahabharata. Bhagavadgita. English.|Weisheit kann Angst nicht bannen, Angst jedoch kann Weisheit bannen.
Mitt Romney|I do not write for this generation. I am writing for other ages. If this could read me, they would burn my books, the work of my whole life. On the other hand, the generation which interprets these writings will be an educated generation; they will understand me and say: 'Not all were asleep in the nighttime of our grandparents.'
Kaori Ozaki, The Gods Lie|I don't hate you," I tell her. And I honestly don't. Because love can't be faked when magic's involved. Ivy didn't push me out of the way just to gain a soul. She didn't force anything. It was all her choice to save and lo
Ben Carson|The library is seen as a force for self improvement and the pursuit of knowledge. I fear that in many cases this is no longer true, if it ever was.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|They spoke of small things at first, since it was best, when reattaching threads, to begin with the easiest knots.
Haruki Murakami, Samsa in Love|They are distinct enough that our crude instruments can pick up the differences, yet both are healthy instances of that staggeringly improbable, exquisitely engineered system we call a human being.
Merilyn Simonds, Gutenberg’s Fingerprint: A Book Lover Bridges the Digital Divide|Yet he refused to be depressed. Instead, Morrie had become a lightning rod of ideas.
Henry David Thoreau|Begin noticing and being careful about keeping your imagination free of thoughts that you do not wish to materialize. Instead, initiate a practice of filling your creative thoughts to overflow with ideas and wishes that you fully intend to manifest. Honor your imaginings regardless of others seeing them as crazy or impossible.
Kamand Kojouri|We call a story about love a love story. We call a poem about love a love poem. Well then, my dear, aren’t our lives love lives?
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the fruit a tree bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Steven Gerrard|Qualifying is all about putting everything that you have and that the car has in one lap. It's like a rush, I really enjoy that.
Ray   Harris, The Gathering|If you're committed, that just means you're in agreement your undertaking could be your ticket to the asylum.
Joanna Penn|Sandra L. West and Aberjhani have compiled an encyclopedia that makes an important contribution to our need to know more about one of modern America’s truly significant artistic and cultural movements. It helps us to acknowledge the complexity of African American life at a time when the nation’s culture was taking on a recognizable shape, when race was becoming less of a crushing burden and more of a challenge to progressive people and their ideals, and when cities and their inhabitants symbolized the end of the past and the seductiveness of the new.
Sasha Grey|My last public performance for money was in 1967. For free, it was 1972, with the exception of two little one-shot, one-song things. But that's just for friends, out of friendship for the people involved, and also because it was fun.
G.A. Henty, The Cat of Bubastes: A Tale of Ancient Egypt|Men make their own happiness, and a man may be respected even though only a slave.
Vicky Dreiling, What a Reckless Rogue Needs|Under the sanctuary are the catacombs where the dead wait for resurrection. The living do not venture there. The caverns here underneath the Sanctuary are illuminated only by dim shafts of light from the sanctuary. The walls are etched with flowers of frost, but at least I am out of the wind. Dark bays line the hall in front of me, a vast rabbit warren, each hold filled to the brim with the scent of the past.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't throw away your faith because doubt is present, throw away your doubts because faith is present
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Everyone claims to be okay with freedom of religion, but the moment you mention God there is a strange tension that fills the air. If there was a 6th sense, that would be it.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma|Now listen, we need to be quiet as mice. No, quieter than that. As quiet as . . . as . . .” “Dead mice?” Reynie suggested. “Perfect,” said Kate with an approving nod. “As quiet as dead mice.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life is a love story, with every character yearning for permanent refuge in someone's heart.
Woody Allen|We see our sins reflected everywhere: in the pallor of our intimates’ faces, in the scratching of tree branches against windows, in the strange movements of everyday objects. These may be messages from God or tricks of the eye, but in neither case are we permitted to ignore them.
Holly Black, A Flight of Angels|On a wing and a prayer." (After being asked how the angels make love in Milton's Paradise Lost).
Chris Lange, Gabriel|God, please God, touch me, inflame me, burn me, drive me insane with desire but don't let go of me, do not let go of me. - GABRIEL -
Nikki Sex, Fate|The child, through no fault of its own, and through the very nature of being a child, is egocentric and self-absorbed. Thus, if the daughter does not make her bed, and the mother yells, and the father beats the mother – then the daughter believes all that happened is her fault. Why? Because she did not make the bed, do you see? André Chevalier
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|All make mistakes but the important thing then should be, Learn from them and do not repeat them subsequently.[230]	- 4 (Thoughts)
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|It may take some time to figure out, but eventually it'll dawn upon you that there isn't a blueprint for life and that we are actually sketching as we go.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|Even from the beginning, that was the problem. People liked pretty things. People even liked pretty things that wanted to kill and eat them.
Virginia Toole|The joy and heartache of an 18th birthday from a mother's heart. Extremely proud, yet fragile feelings with bountiful heartfelt memories of all the joy you bring each day. I love you with all my heart and want everything for you and more . Bless this world with your joyful presence, as you share your gifts in this world.
Jean Faustin Louembe|Serpentining" means trying to control a situation, backing out of it, pretending it's not happening, or maybe even pretending that you don't care. We use it to dodge conflict, discomfort, possible confrontation, the potential for shame or hurt, and/or criticism (self- or other-inflicted). Serpentining can lead to hiding out, pretending, avoidance, procrastination, rationalizing, blaming, and lying.I have a tendency to want to serpentine when I feel vulnerable. If I have to make a difficult call, I'll try to script both sides of it. I'll convince myself that I should wait, I'll draft an e-mail while telling myself that it's better in writing, and I'll think of a million other things to do. I'll emotionally run back and forth until I'm exhausted.
Lynne Gordon-Mundel|The doorway to health, higher intelligence and inexhaustible creativity lies in your willingness to live from Source. Risk being who you are meant to be; you are more compassionate, colorful, imaginative, visionary, more sensitive than you think.
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|What if children grew up with parents who modeled a loving relationship, who openly showed each other affection and respect, expressing feelings authentically, and who lovingly, even playfully, turned conflicts toward solutions? What if we grew up feeling embraced, loved, seen and valued for the whole of who we are? Would it all turn out differently? You bet it would!
Sara Sheridan, Operation Goodwood|The scraps of information she’d gathered knocked against each other, like balls in a pinball machine in one of the arcades on the front. Secrets drew her in every time – the unsaid.
Carla H. Krueger|Writers are people who write. By and large, they are not happy people. They're not good at relationships. Often they're drunks. And writing—good writing—does not get easier and easier with practice. It gets harder and harder—so that eventually the writer must stall out into silence. The silence that waits for every writer and that, inevitably, if only with death, the writer must fall into is angst-ridden and terrifying—and often drives us mad. So if you're not a writer, consider yourself fortunate.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Romance blossomed over a carrier bag full of mackerel. It wasn't exactly how I imagined it would happen; there were no sunsets, or butterflies, or birdsong, just some smelly dead fish and a slimy carrier bag.
Elbert Hubbard|There are many of us that are willing to do great things for the Lord, but few of us are willing to do little things.
Janny Wurts, To Ride Hell’s Chasm|There is a tension in the Bible between justice and mercy, between the Old Testament and the New Testament. And the New Testament says you can never be good enough: goodness is the thing, and you can never live up to it. The main message of Jesus, I believed, is that mercy trumps justice every time.
Dianne Harman Cornered Coyote|In the distance, steel-blue mountains loomed heavy on the horizon, their shoulders burdened with the same accursed snow the gods were currently depositing upon the lowlands. Between us and the mountains, the vast expanse of one of the innumerable caravan sites littering the Welsh shores was dimly visible, and at the far edges of the sands, grey waves tipped a mulch of brown foam up on to the beach, a sudden deposition of wishy-washy creatures that seemed to spider-leg over each other in their haste to reach the shore and see what all the fuss was about.But even these creatures comprised of sea-foam were freaked out by the death-stare, for the little critters swiftly dissipated under the force of a skeletal glower.A skull lay in the sand, its empty sockets staring down the beach at the retreating surge. Their fear wouldn’t last long. Soon they’d realise the skeleton had not engaged in pursuit, their confidence would grow, and they’d encroach, further and further up the bank. Eventually, they’d be close enough to see it was completely inert, and would overrun our position, victoriously sweeping up their fallen foe and dragging it back out with them into the dreary waves.
Amy Matayo, The End of the World|She’s so beautiful it hurts. Golden blond hair flows past her shoulders. Those gorgeous violet eyes shouldn’t be so wide with fear. I’ve dreamed of being this close to her again. I ache to gather her in my arms and keep her safe from the world...to be her protector, but I can’t be that man.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|America used to live by the motto "Father Knows Best." Now we're lucky if "Father Knows He Has Children." We've become a nation of sperm donors and baby daddies.
Samuel L. Jackson|I get ideas from everywhere: movies, books, movies, nature - it comes into my brain, it sits there for a while, and it starts coming back out.
Dominique Wilson, The Yellow Papers|And there are no words left, try as men may, to describe that little death, that incandescent instant when, transacted with mutual love, there is no difference between sweet submission and exquisite conquest.
Pippa DaCosta, Girl From Above: Escape|You see, none of these conflicts are about things that people only sort of like. It is always about love. You may think me blasphemous to use the Passion of the Christ as an example of drama, but not so: this is the one true story, the greatest story ever told, the tale of tales even as Christ is the King of Kings, and all truly inspired fairy tales and fiction have to contain some echo or reflection of the One True Tale, or else it is no tale of any power at all, merely a pastime.The most powerful and potent tales, even when they are told awkwardly and without grace or poetry or craft, are stories of paradise lost and paradise regained; sacrifice, selfless love, forgiveness and salvation; stories of a man who learns better.
Jessica Therrien, Oppression|All we have is now, this moment. If you live in the future, you’ll miss things, right here, right now, and you’ll regret it later.
Simon Winchester, The Professor and the Madman: A Tale of Murder, Insanity and the Making of the Oxford English Dictionary|And after that, and also for each word, there should be sentences that show the twists and turns of meanings—the way almost every word slips in its silvery, fishlike way, weaving this way and that, adding subtleties of nuance to itself, and then perhaps shedding them as public mood dictates.
anmol gandhi|Life gave me lemons, then I met you and you had Vodka. Now my life is a party.
Jesse Owens|Good and bad exist always, everywhere
Erik Pevernagie|Some people look as if they have lost their eagerness and passion. Their aspiration seems to be exhausted and fresh inspiration has abandoned their weary mind. Life has boundlessly given them material welfare, which has fully spoiled them in the end. No energy for longing has been left, as they have reached a twilight zone. The twilight of desire. ( "Twilight of desire" )
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|With the rise of classical Greece, the soul debate evolved into the more familiar heart-versus-brain, the liver having been demoted to an accessory role. We are fortunate that this is so, for we would otherwise have been faced with Celine Dion singing "My Liver Belongs to You" and movie houses playing The Liver Is a Lonely Hunter. Every Spanish love song that contains the word corazon, which is all of them, would contain the somewhat less lilting higado, and bumper stickers would proclaim, "I [liver symbol] my Pekingese.
Hayley Williams|When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.
Al Pacino in Scent of Woman|Into each dance must be packed the panic and ecstasy of her last moment of life, for underneath was death.
Larissa Ione, Ecstasy Unveiled|Tayla cursed under her breath. "I was just explaining to Eidolon that Sin is a Smurfette."Wraith swung his big body around to study Sin with blue eyes that were very different from Shade's, E's. and Lore's. Sin's, too. "Nah. Smurfette is way hotter.""What the fuck is a Smurfette?" Eidolon was seriously getting annoyed now."There's this cartoon called The Smurfs," Tayla explained, slowly, as though Eidolon were the child here."They're these little blue people, and they're all male. But one day a female shows up. She shouldn't exist, but she does."Eidolon considered that for a second. "How did she get there?""An evil wizard named Gargamel made her," Tayla said. "In a lab or something.""So you're suggesting that an evil wizard made Sin?""Of course not, silly. I'm just saying she's a Smurfette. A lone female amongst males."Eidolon frowned. "Did the Smurfette mate with the males?""Dude." Wraith grimaced. "It's a cartoon.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Some are interested in the mysterious, but lose interest once they think they know you.
A.A. Milne, Peace With Honour|One of the difficulties of thinking clearly about anything is that it is almost impossible not to form our ideas in words which have some previous association for us; with the result that our thought is already shaped along certain lines before we have begun to follow it out. Again, a word may have various meanings, and our use of it in one sense may deceive our readers (or even ourselves) into supposing that we were using it in some other sense.
Zarina Bibi|The goal of marriage is not happiness, it is holiness...There is no mechanism whereby God can sanctify a person more than having them live in close proximity to another imperfect person....Our fundamental problem is that we are selfish. Marriage is the means whereby God eradicates our selfishness because it is not about "me" anymore, i t is about "we.
Luis Cosajay|How can we tell people "never give up" when some haven't even started yet.
Tom Brady|The news media is so quick to pick up tragic stories of imperiled children that it seems like there are more terrible events today than ever before - when in fact it's quite the opposite. It is, in all manners possible to calculate, the safest time in the history of civilization to be a kid.
Emil M. Cioran|What are the occupations of the sage? He resigns himself to seeing, to eating, etc…., he accepts in spite of himself this “wound with nine openings,” which is what the Bhagavad-Gita calls the body.―Wisdom? To undergo with dignity the humiliation inflicted upon us by our holes.
John Berger|The media network has its idols, but its principal idol is its own style which generates an aura of winning and leaves the rest in darkness. It recognizes neither pity nor pitilessness.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Unmet desires are the source of most of the conflict and many of the struggles in our lives. When we don’t get what we want, or when and how we want it, life can get pretty ugly.
George Best|The perfect knowledge of events cannot be acquired without divine inspiration, since all prophetic inspiration receives its prime motivating force from God the creator, then from good fortune and nature.
Albert Einstein|A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
David Agus|And it was back in the mid-1980s, and as I point out in a piece, that was when we are spending about eight percent of our gross domestic product on health care. And even then, we had the impression that so much of the excessive, aggressive medical treatment that took place at the end of life was not only unnecessary but it was cruel.
Han Nolan, Pregnant Pause|And she didn't once say anything about this being a sin. It used to be I got the word sin slapped in my face every time I did something wrong, but come on, when you live in a sin-free family with sin-free parents and a sin-free sister, well, you can't help but sin a little extra on their behalf.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Stupidity is brief and guileless, while wit equivocates and hides. Wit is a scoundrel, while stupidity is honest and sincere.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|When people undermine your values, they've strong reasons. For example, they mistaken your passion for excellence as perfectionism...
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|It was true. After our divorce, I'd ended up in a slight relationship with my last research assistant, Aurelia Feinstein, age 34-though let me state for the record it was not as hot as it sounded. Making love to Aurelia was like rummaging through a card catalog in a deserted library, searching for one very obscure little red entry on Hungarian poetry. It was dead silent, no one gave me any dierection, and nothing was where it was supposed to be.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Do not let the evil become our masters, but make the good reign upon the world.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Yes, it takes two to dance. But somebody has to lead.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Truth can be costly, but in the end it never falls short of value for the price paid.
Debasish Mridha|Music is the language of the heart, the language of the soul, the language of nature and the language of the universe.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|Nothing boosts confidence quite like simulating a disaster, engaging with it fully, both physically and intellectually, and realising you have the ability to work the problem.
Simbarashe Dungare|When he remembered, his indrawn breath pulled her scent into his mouth, coating his tongue with her taste. He swallowed that delicious flavor as his heartbeat sped.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without sanctification, dwell in the state of impurity.
Maya Angelou|The praise that comes from love does not make us vain, but more humble.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|When you see honey in the bush and there are no sign of bees, flee!! for its all but a trap
Ben Jonson, The Poetaster|Vanity, right?" Nash reappeared in the living room with an open bag of potato chips. "I nominate my venerable brother. He likes to play hero, and one look at him should establish the vanity angle.""Nash!" I really shouldn't have been surprised by the dig. But I was."What?" He raised one brow at me in challenge. "It's okay to call me jealous, but not to call him vain?""Awareness of one's obvious advantages doesn't imply vanity," Tod insisted calmly.Nash turned on him. "Does it imply narcissism?"Tod huffed. "This coming from the guy who owns more hair products than his girlfriend.
Carlos Fuentes, Todas las familias felices|...when I see you here amidst all this, I realise that I proposed to a very small part of you. I thought I was giving you a home and a position, but here I see that I am taking you away from so much.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|All paths are seen, through the prism of fate
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|This is the biggest damn IPod I've ever seen," Claire said, which made him choke on his beer. "Kidding. I have seen a jukebox before.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A sword can only pierce the body, but love can pierce the soul.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|If we become aware that someone is sending thoughts of ill will in our direction, we do not argue with the apparent reality of malice. To do so would give it more substance. We remove the personal sense of ourself and the other person.
Franz Kafka, Diaries of Franz Kafka|The person I am in the company of my sisters has been entirely different from the person I am in the company of other people. Fearless, powerful, surprising, moved as I otherwise am only when I write.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|There was nothing for it now but to throw himself on Campos's mercy, and it had been Mr. Rebeck's experience of mercy that it had a tendency to buckle under the weight of a human soul.
Natalie Babbitt|The shriek cut thinly though the drizzling dimness, holding for a long moment. At last it broadened and dropped to the old.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|There are rules to luck, not everything is chance for the wise; luck can be helped by skill.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|More often than not, what animals require our protection from is not hurricanes or fires, but abuse at the hands of other people".
Tarun Betala, The Things We Don't Know:  How mankind found answers to some of life's most pressing questions.|We ought to, as human beings, have the courage to seek a collective “truth” that benefits our species the most, and to accept that all of our doctrines and beliefs may just be incomplete. That we don’t know it all and that perhaps we never will. That others like us may have something to teach us, and we may have something to contribute to their communities. That communities, types of people, are divisions we’ve created for ourselves. That for all of what we know, the knowledge and wisdom that we have gathered in the few millennia may be a small fraction of what is there to be discovered, understood and applied.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|You will not say how you are haunted by the faces of the men you killed, how in their last gasp of life they sought your pity and you had none. You will not speak of the boys who died screaming for their mothers while you twisted a blade in their guts and snarled your scorn into their ears. You will not confess that you wake in the night, covered in sweat, heart hammering, shrinking from the memories. You will not talk of that, because that is the horror, and the horror is held in the heart’s hoard, a secret, and to admit it is to admit fear, and we are warriors.We do not fear. We strut. We go to battle like heroes. We stink of shit.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, Made in the Image of God: Understanding the Nature of God and Mankind in a Changing World|It was a wonderful experience. She mistrusted his very slumbers--and she seemed to think I could tell her why! Thus a poor mortal seduced by the charm of an apparition might have tried to wring from another ghost the tremendous secret of the claim the other world holds over a disembodied soul astray amongst the passions of this earth. The very ground on which I stood seemed to melt under my feet. And it was so simple too; but if the spirits evoked by our fears and our unrest have ever to vouch for each other's constancy before the forlorn magicians that we are, then I--I alone of us dwellers in the flesh--have shuddered in the hopeless chill of such a task.
David Wong|Guys like him, the ones who grip the Bible so tight they leave fingernail grooves, they're the ones who are the most scared of their dark side. Always going too far the other way, fighting for the Lord, often just because it gives them an excuse to fight. 
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Of course, I tried to surround myself with other people like me whose dream of writing was a constant burden....
Julie Cantrell, When Mountains Move|Forgive? It's not easy, Millicent. But I must forgive. Even if he never say he sorry. I do my part. Leave Boone's part to God. That not for me to control. So, not for me to worry about.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|The reader of these reflections of mine on the Trinity should bear in mind that my pen is on the watch against the sophistries of those who scorn the starting-point of faith, and allow themselves to be deceived through an unseasonable and misguided love of reason.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Normality in our part of the world is a bit like a boiled egg: its humdrum surface conceals at its heart a yolk of egregious violence. It is our constant anxiety about that violence, our memory of its past labours and our dread of its future manifestations, that lays down the rules for how a people as complex and as diverse as we continue to coexist – continue to live together, tolerate each other and, from time to time, murder one another. As long as the centre holds, as long as the yolk doesn’t run, we’ll be fine. In moments of crisis it helps to take the long view.
Eleanor Roosevelt|You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
Daisaku Ikeda|Through countless births in the cycle of existence I have run, not finding although seeking the builder of this house; and again and again I faced the suffering of new birth. Oh housebuilder! Now you are seen. You shall not build a house again for me. All your beams are broken, the ridgepole is shattered. The mind has become freed from conditioning: the end of craving has been reached.
Robert Bly, Silence in the Snowy Fields|The human face shines as it speaks of thingsNear itself, thoughts full of dreams.The human face shines like a dark skyAs it speaks of those things that oppress the living
Frances Mayes, In Tuscany|Five tender apricots in a blue bowl, a brief and exact promise of things to come.
Barbara Delinsky, Sweet Salt Air|My normal friends loved having a token author. Just like every WoW raiding party needs at least one healer, every gaggle needs at least one artist. They enjoyed introducing me to people at bars. "This is Jessica. She's a writer." That's really code for "She's definitely fucking someone tonight. Hang around long enough, and that someone might be you.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|In these story telling moments we equip our children, with crucial solution tools for life. To deprive them of these necessary teachable moments is like denying a carpenter the tools of his trade.
Plutarch, Lives of the Noble Romans|She'd tried her hand at most things, but drew the line at honesty.
David Hallberg|I began raising chickens primarily for their eggs, but over the years, I've also grown fond of caring for them and learning about their many different breeds and varieties.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|The library is full of stories of supposed triumphs which makes me very suspicious of it. It's misleading for people to read about great successes, since even for middle-class and upper-class white people, in my experience, failure is the norm
Lailah Gifty Akita|Behold, behold.
Chloe Asher, Daydreamer|Moments like these are fleeting, and we have to grab onto them while we can. From the instant I saw you, I wanted to give you my heart. But today I’ll settle for giving you a flower.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|With the grace of prayer, we shall prevail.
Susan Griffin, Woman and Nature: The Roaring Inside Her|He says that woman speaks with nature. That she hears voices from under the earth. That wind blows in her ears and trees whisper to her. That the dead sing through her mouth and the cries of infants are clear to her. But for him this dialogue is over. He says he is not part of this world, that he was set on this world as a stranger. He sets himself apart from woman and nature ... We are the birds eggs. Birds eggs, flowers, butterflies, rabbits, cows, sheep; we are caterpillars; we are leaves of ivy and sprigs of wallflower. We are women. We rise from the wave. We are gazelle and doe, elephant and whale, lilies and roses and peach, we are air, we are flame, we are oyster and pearl, we are girls. We are woman and nature. And he says he cannot hear us speak.But we hear.
Irfa Adam|Is the moon walking,Or the clouds are joking?Is the wind passing,Or my hair is dancing?Is the night dark,Or my eyes are blank?Are the wolfs howling,Or my heart is screaming?Is the day arousing,Or my mind is shining?Is the world staring,Or I'm peeping?Is this alright to write,Or I'm mistaking?
Cat Deeley|I made a circle with a smile for a mouth on yellow paper, because it was sunshiny and bright.
Sunday Adelaja|Bast looked at him incredulously."The whole world is burning down,"he said."Open your eyes.
Andre Agassi, Open|Only boxers can understand the loneliness of tennis players - and yet boxers have their corner men and managers. Even a boxer's opponent provides a kind of companionship, someone he can grapple with and grunt at. In tennis you stand face-to-face with the enemy, trade blows with him, but never touch him or talk to him, or anyone else. The rules forbid a tennis player from even talking to his coach while on the court. People sometimes mention the track-and-field runner as a comparably lonely figure, but I have to laugh. At least the runner can feel and smell his opponents. They're inches away. In tennis you're on an island. Of all the games men and women play, tennis is the closest to solitary confinement....
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|For this too I learned, that a storyteller's tale may end, but history goes on always. These events, so distant in legend, play a part in shaping the very events we witness about us, each and every day.
Rosamunde Pilcher, The Shell Seekers|But in a home where grief is fresh and patience has long worn thin, making it through another day is often heroic in itself.
François Mitterrand, Memoir in Two Voices|Let's say I have a mystical soul and a rational brain, and, like Montaigne, I am incapable of choosing between them. I don't know if I believe in God, but I am often tempted to believe.
Abigail Thomas, What Comes Next and How to Like It|Once upon a time, when I was young, his forgetting might have rendered my memory meaningless. I no longer require so much from life.
Kim Dong Hwa|They never tell you about that either. How the hardest thing a mother has to do is give her child up, let them go, watch them run.
Judy Polumbaum, China Ink: The Changing Face of Chinese Journalism|There ought not be two histories, one of political and moral action and one of political and moral theorizing, because there were not two pasts, one populated only by actions, the other only by theories. Every action is the bearer and expression of more or less theory-laden beliefs and concepts; every piece of theorizing and every expression of belief is a politcal and moral action.
Harold Pinter|If it comes as a constant surprise each and every time something unexpected occurs, you're not only going to be miserable whenever you attempt something big, you're going to have a much harder time accepting it and moving on to attempts two, three, and four.
Dionne Warwick|Happiness doesn't come from being rich, nor merely from being successful in your career, nor by self-indulgence. One step towards happiness is to make yourself healthy and strong while you are a boy so that you can be useful and so you can enjoy life when you are a man.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|In short, if we adhere to the standard of perfection in all our endeavors, we are left with nothing but mathematics and the White Album.
Washington Irving|Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply.
Criss Jami, Healology|She understood love. What destroys you saves you, she had told me.
Deyth Banger|When rain comes finally, washing away a low sky of muddy ocher, we who could not control the phenomenon are pressed into relief. The near-occult feeling: The face of being witness to the end of the world gives way to tangible things. Even if the succeeding sensations are not common, they are at least not mysterious.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|If you investigate the matter deeply enough and widely enough, you will find that happiness eludes nearly all men despite the fact that they are forever seeking it. The fortunate and successful few are those who have stopped seeking with the ego alone and allow the search to be directed inwardly by the higher self. They alone can find a happiness unblemished by defects or deficiencies, a Supreme Good which is not a further source of pain and sorrow but an endless source of satisfaction and peace.
William Shakespeare, Othello|Loyalty is a characteristic trait. Those who has it, gives it free of charge.
Sunday Adelaja|The third direction of prayer is prayer against Satan, devils and demons
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|I would love to tell you that being a content manager is easy. Straightforward. That you will be able to focus on what is most important and leave everything else aside. But a lot of it is learning to create something compelling in the middle of an absolute whirlwind. Learning to use a huge list of tools that need to be sharpened every day. It is about zooming out when you need big picture thinking, and zooming in when the details need to be ironed out. Managing content, business expectations, and human beings: all at once.
Muhammad Yunus|Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
Heather L. L. FitzGerald|I couldn't suppress a smile. It was inconceivable that I was here, in a place as extraordinary as the fantasy books Sophie loved. Maybe...just maybe those stories are based on a measure of truth. Maybe one day I'd write our story.
Deborah Eisenberg|So when I do Chinese cooking, I mix everything together, then the kids have to eat their vegetables. They won't have the patience to pick them out.
Daniel Woodrell, Tomato Red|I paced while he slept, ricocheting like a dove skidding the lonely confines of a Joseph Cornell box.
Sophie Palmer, Abracadabra: Witchy Poo U|You’re a talking cat?” Endora asked with a look of disbelief on her face.“My, my, my, aren’t you the bright bulb of the bunch,” he replied with a bit of snarky smugness. “Tell me then, bright-bulb, do you suppose that I need your permission to talk just because I’m a cat?” He raised his paw to his face, admiring his newly gnawed manicure. After he observed the last nail, he slapped his paw down on the floorboards, making a low thud sound. “Because I don’t,” he smirked.Endora was taken by surprise at his rudeness. She stared back at him, speechless and not quite sure how to respond. “Are you a magic cat?” Mila busted in with a question that seemed as silly to her as to the cat.He glared and narrowed his eyes at her. “A magic cat,” he said, standing up to arch his furry back. “Is my talking some sort of magic to you? If it is… then I am.” He stretched his back higher and let out a long purr that turned into, “Purrhaps, you four little witchy girls should clearly refine your meaning of magic so you know what it means before you say the word magic.” “I rather am quite fond of talking cats,” Selena said with a big smile. “Of course, you’re the first one I’ve ever seen.”The cat narrowed its eyes tighter. “Indeed,” he said, letting out a yawn as if the whole conversation were a bore. He leapt off the porch and dash away, mumbling and grumbling his way down the corridor. Selena looked over at Endora. “Rude little snot, isn’t he?” she said.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are not lucky enough, you can’t reach the future! You might be very intelligent, you might be very talented and a very good planner, but you still need ‘luck’ to reach tomorrow, you still need to be lucky to reach the future!
Will Rogers|If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the innermost energy, innermost fire which wants to come out always and spread all over.
Mensah Oteh|Find something during the day to celebrate – something you someone did, something you observed or something you heard.
Russell Kyle, Awakened Living: A Practical Guide to the Spiritual Life|Blessings come into the areas of a person’s life, where he is absolutely obedient to God.
Martin Sheen, Along the Way: The Journey of a Father and Son|Maybe this isn't the right thing to say, but I want you to know: When you ran for the stage, I've never been so proud of you in all my life. You've always been beautiful; you've always been talented. And now I know that your moral compass is perfectly aligned, that you see clearly when things are wrong, and you do everything you can to stop it. As a father, I can't ask for more. I love you America. And I'm so so proud.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Remember, that choosing to stay on the ground is a choice to facilitate a relationship, to honor it. You don't play a game or color a picture with a child to show your superiority. Rather, you choose to limit yourself so as to facilitate and honor that relationship... It is not about winning and losing, but about love and respect.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Gilbert put his arm about them. 'Oh, you mothers!' he said. 'You mothers! God knew what He was about when He made you.
Mireille Guiliano|It's really interesting to me how all of us can experience the exact same event, and yet come away with wildly disparate interpretations of what happened. We each have totally different ideas of what was said, what was intended, and what really took place.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Alice In-Between|That's the unforgivable sin, you know.""What is?""Refusing to forgive someone.""Refusing to forgive someone is the unforgivable sin?" I asked incredulously.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|I don’t want to be an anti, against anybody. I simply want to be the builder of a great affirmation: the affirmation of God,who loves us and who wants to save us.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|If there is something, you want to achieve, think of the way you'll pass, difficulties you'll meet, think of the sacrifice because nothing you can achieve without sacrifice and we ignore what we love so as to get what we want
Ally Condie, Matched|Most people know the sheer wonder that goes with falling in love, how not only does everything in heaven and earth become new, but the lover himself becomes new. It is literally like the sap rising in the tree, putting forth new green shoots of life.
Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike|Some truths are truths, no matter who says them.
Shannon L. Alder|If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you're allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind.
Charles Xavier (X-Men)|Just because someone stumbles and loses their path, doesn't mean they're lost forever.
Io Sakisaka|When you care about things, it ends up wearing you out.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|The treatment must fit the malady and the malady is not alcoholism or addiction, or addictive drugs and alcohol. Once the correct cause is diagnosed, healing will take place and hoped-for cure will come about.
Mort W. Lumsden, Citations: A Brief Anthology|Writers should cut as close to the vein as possible. The readers don't want to be covered in your warm sticky blood, but they want to come as close to it as possible.
John F. Kennedy|I believe in human dignity as the source of national purpose, in human liberty as the source of national action, in the human heart as the source of national compassion... for liberalism is not so much a party creed as it is an attitude of mind and heart, a faith in man's ability through the experiences of his reason and judgment to increase for himself and his fellow men the amount of justice and freedom and brotherhood which all human life deserves.
Sun Tzu|Life on Earth is at the ever-increasing risk of being wiped out by a disaster, such as sudden global nuclear war, a genetically engineered virus or other dangers we have not yet thought of.
Geraldine Brooks, March|You go on. You set one foot in front of the other, and if a thin voice cries out, somewhere behind you, you pretend not to hear, and keep going.
Gugu Mona|Losing will not always amount to a loss, sometimes you have to lose those toxic relationships and bad habits to create a space for better things.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Everything in modern city life is calculated to keep man from entering into himself and thinking about spiritual things. Even with the best of intentions a spiritual man finds himself exhausted and deadened and debased by the constant noise of machines and loudspeakers, the dead air and the glaring lights of offices and shops, the everlasting suggestion of advertising and propaganda.The whole mechanism of modern life is geared for a flight from God and from the spirit into the wilderness of neurosis.
Leslie Carroll, Royal Pains: A Rogues' Gallery of Brats, Brutes, and Bad Seeds|Everybody wants to be part of a success story, But no one want to be the writer of this story.
Tove Jansson, Tales from Moominvalley|You were talking about the wind," the Fillyjonk said suddenly. "A wind that carries off your washing. But I'm speaking about cyclones. Typhoons, Gaffsie dear. Tornadoes, whirlwinds, sandstorms... Flood waves that carry houses away... But most of all I'm talking about myself and my fears, even if I know that's not done. I know everything will turn out badly. I think about that all the time. Even while I'm washing my carpet. Do you understand that? Do you feel the same way?
Judy Polumbaum, China Ink: The Changing Face of Chinese Journalism|I think journalism anywhere should be based on social justice and impartiality, making contributions to society as well as taking responsibility in society. Whether you are capitalist or socialist or Marxist, journalists should have the same professional integrity. --Tan Hongkai
Cornelia Otis Skinner, Our Hearts Were Young and Gay: An Unforgettable Comic Chronicle of Innocents Abroad in the 1920s|To Mr. Blot, who went through life an unconscious example of the raison d'être of the British Empire, a shipwreck was merely one of the many things to be ignored. His was a calming influence.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows|But don’t ever let yourself forget that the person you care about fills an emptiness no one else ever has and that while life with them can seriously suck at times, thosemoments when it doesn’t are worth all the aggravation of falling into the toilet and getting soaked when you’re half asleep.
Deyth Banger|Stephen King started to read comics first, I started to watch films and little reading books...Now everything has changed Stephen King reads books and watch films, I read comics, watch films, read books listen to audiobooks...This are two different stories, you were challanged to open them, good job you open them now but can you try to start a new life??To start by opening a new book??Meeting with new characters??With new writers??With one new book which has a story which you haven't heard??Probably, you aren't still ready!
Emily M. Danforth, The Miseducation of Cameron Post|It's difficult to make the argument that one female fist inserted into one male ass--or, for that matter, dozens or even hundreds of fists inserted into as many asses--can really make a difference for, say, lesbian mothers fighting for custody of their children. -Katherine Raymond
Jean Piaget|If knowledge and foresight are too penetrating and deep, unify them with ease and sincerity.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Coraline shivered. She preferred her other mother to have a location: if she were nowhere, then she could be anywhere. And, after all, it is always easier to be afraid of something you cannot see.
John Mayer, John Mayer|Shh, listen, don’t be discouraged if you don’t win. It’s a learning process. You’ll get better with each try.
Georgina Anne Taylor, The Woman of the Well|The surge of his ardour swept through him in climatic release, filling her womb with his final, mortal sowing.
Sandesh limbu|We ,human beings, are strong because we are capable of change
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|To achieve great things, we must live as though we were never going to die.
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|I'm starting to think paradise isn't eternal contentment. It's more like there's something eternal about feeling contented. There's no such thing as eternal life, because you're never going to outrun time, but you can still escape time if you're contented, because then time doesn't matter.
Bella Forrest, A Shade of Blood|Sometimes, that’s the way it is with people. You think you can tell what they are based on the patterns that you see, but when you take a look inside, they’re nothing like you expect them to be.
Dorothy L. Sayers|The planet's tyrant, dotard Death, had held his gray mirror before them for a moment and shown them the image of things to come.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Revealed|If my mind can conceive it, My heart can believe it, I know I can achieve it!
Adam Smith|Innovation in an existing company is not just the sum of great technology, key acquisitions, or smart people. Corporate innovation needs a culture that matches and supports it.
Tirumalai S. Srivatsan|Whether rich or poor, following the Should Life will lead to heartache and struggle. Leading your life will lead to places you never thought you'd be, people you never thought you'd meet, knowledge you never thought you'd gain, and a life of adventure and growth. Lead your life; not the Should Life.
Harsh Malik|Doesn’t matter if you fail to succeed. What matters is, if you fail to try.
Walter F. Mondale|As for charity, it is a matter in which the immediate effect on the persons directly concerned, and the ultimate consequence to the general good, are apt to be at complete war with one another.
Deyth Banger|[O]ur English divines are sounder in it than any in the world, generally: I think because they are more practical, and have had more wounded, tender consciences under cure, and less empty speculation and dispute (336-7).
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Drosophila,” I said, remembering the word.“What?” Lily asked.“Why do girls always fall for guys with the at ention span of drosophila?”“What?”“Fruit flies. Guys with the attention span of fruit flies.”“Because they’re hot?”“This,” I told her, “is not the time for being truthful.
Eileen Chang|In that little pocket-size world of his, he was the absolute master.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|Smoke rose straight up from the chimney, as if the house raised its hand. As if the house knew the answer.
