Philippa Gregory, The White Princess|...an irresistible sleep fell deeply on his eyes, the sweetest, soundest oblivion, still as the sleep of death itself...
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The sea in all its vastness is its own, real world. Man is nature's sci-fi.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Well, bloody noses." I hug his coat tighter. "Those are definitely hot.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|All right." He straightened up and seemed to be true to his promise to let it go. "I will be a man about this."That lasted until he saw the scratches on the hood from the mountain lion and the front fender, Where Abigail had dragged it off the driveway.Wailing, he went to it and sank to his knees. He sprawled over the hood and laid his head on the damaged fender. "I'm so sorry, Bets. I should of hidden the keys. Booted your tires. Something. I had know idea anyone would hurt you so, baby. I swear I'll never let anyone hurt you again. Ayyy, how could they do this to you? How? Oh the humanity!
Edward O. Sisson|Same. I don't like to think I might have ended up in Plumber's gang, but given the alternative..."I raised both eyebrows. "Yeah. Drug-dealers or super-powered psychopaths? Choices, choices.
Scott Stabile|Please don't tell me not to be sad. I know you don't like to see me hurting, but my sadness is mine to feel, not yours to heal. Let me be sad. It will pass in its own time. It always does.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Creating Habbit reading, if you want to create it should point all genres which you like or you want to be explored... and then to show that it's interesting.
Thomas Frank|I have four strikes against me. I'm black, I'm short, I'm intelligent, and I have a medical condition.
Dylan Callens, Operation Cosmic Teapot|Would you like to try some cocaine?” Freud offered, “I think you will find it picks you up quite nicely.”“No thanks,” God declined, holding his soft hands up to show his resistance.
Peter Hammill|If a movie is really working, you forget for two hours your Social Security number and where your car is parked. You are having a vicarious experience. You are identifying, in one way or another, with the people on the screen.
Susan Sontag|I've discovered that half the people would love to go into space and there's no need to explain it to them. The other half can't understand and I couldn't explain it to them. If someone doesn't know why, I can't explain it.
Michael  Grant, Lies|If you want to win a game of life, there is only one way — you must be unpredictable. Otherwise life will never forgive such a deadly sin.
Vanny Lee|Never give up too quickly, but know when to let go.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|How is your book doing?" or "How many copies have you sold?" are the questions for a salesman. To a writer, you better ask "What did you write today?".
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|Love is temperamental. Tiring. It makes demands. Love uses you, changes its mind. But hatred, now, that's something you can use. Sculpt. Wield. It's hard, or soft, however you need it. Love humiliates you, but Hatred cradles you.
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|Despite what you might believe right now, your son’s future is bright. You only need the right tools to help him get there.
Bob   Smith, Treehab: Tales from My Natural, Wild Life|Magdalen, the girl with pretty green eyes. Magdalen, who was smiling so warmly right now at Lenhart, who was attentive to Katrin even when she talked too much. She had been so gentle and concerned about his wounds, washing his face and bringing him fresh water to drink.
Stevie Smith|Marriage I thinkFor womenIs the best of opiates.It kills the thoughtsThat think about the thoughts,It is the best of opiates.So said Maria.But too long in solitude she'd dwelt,And too long her thoughts had feltTheir strength. So when the man drew near,Out popped her thoughts and covered him with fear.Poor Maria! Better that she had kept her thoughts on a chain,For now she's alone again and all in pain;She sighs for the man that went and the thoughts that stayTo trouble her dreams by night and her dreams by day.
Penny Reid, The Hooker and the Hermit|You may not mean to, but you do seem to look down your nose at many of us mere mortals muddling along down here. I feel as though you think everyone should be better than they are. I certainly think you expect me to behave like some sort of perfect princess. But I’m just an ordinary girl who wants to grow up and find out where I belong in the world.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|If I lie down on my bed I must be here,But if I lie down in my grave I may be elsewhere.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Where woman do not fit the Iron Maiden [societal expectations/assumptions about women's bodies], we are now being called monstrous, and the Iron Maiden is exactly that which no woman fits, or fits forever. A woman is being asked to feel like a monster now though she is whole and fully physically functional. The surgeons are playing on the myth's double standard for the function of the body. A man's thigh is for walking, but a woman's is for walking and looking "beautiful." If women can walk but believe our limbs look wrong, we feel that our bodies cannot do what they are meant to do; we feel as genuinely deformed and disabled as the unwilling Victorian hypochondriac felt ill.
Patton Oswalt|I had a romance novel inside me, but I paid three sailors to beat it out of me with steel pipes.
Dejan Stojanovic|They will smile, as they always do when they plan a major attack late in the night.
Brian E. Boyd Sr., Social Media for the Executive|Social media takes time and careful, strategic thought. It doesn’t happen by accident.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|You speak horse?" Hazel asked."Speaking to horses is a Poseidon thing," Percy said. "Uh, I mean a Neptune thing.""Then you and Arion should get along fine," Hazel said. "He's a son of Neptune too."Percy turned pale. "Excuse me?
Michael Korda, Making the List: A Cultural History of the American Bestseller, 1900-1999|Escapism sold books, to be sure, but not nearly as many as were sold by exposing America’s flaws and making the average American reader (and book club member) look closely at his or her most cherished social assumptions. Americans might not be eager to accept integration, feminism, homosexuality, juvenile delinquency, and the drug culture– or to shoulder the blame for the existence of these problems– but they were certainly willing to read about them.
Ray Stannard Baker|Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
Maelle Gavet|I grew up looking at my father as to how to behave. In watching him I grasped so many things. His own temperament was of a calm person. He was very composed and I never saw anger in him. To me, that was fascinating.
John Sculley|We are born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|When God interrupts your life, He is calling you to follow Him in a new way. By breaking into your settled pattern, He is moving you to a new place where you can make fresh discoveries of His grace. Embracing God’s call is never easy, but this is where the pursuit of a God-centered life begins, and where the shame of a self-centered life is exposed.
Debasish Mridha|Change your perception and be happy where you are, how you are, with whom you are.
Debasish Mridha|More often than not a young couple stays in the same relationship, but they walk in different directions.
Oscar Wilde|... Likewise, Oscar Wilde asked an English journalist to look over 'The Picture of Dorian Gray' before publication: "Will you also look after my 'wills' and 'shalls' in proof. I am Celtic in my use of these words, not English." Wilde's novel upset virtually every code of late Victorian respectability, but he had to get his modal auxiliaries just right.
Jayden Hunter, Undressed To The Nines|Heaven would be a comfortable chair, a library, Diet Coke, and an occasional cheese pizza. Sex once in a while. No talking. ~ Drew Stirling
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The impoverished always try to keep moving, as if relocating might help.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|But how can I let him just walk away with a smile on my face and a slap on his back when every cell in my body is tied painfully to him, and I can’t breathe when I think of him being away from me?!
Martin Jacques|There is this difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man, really is so; but he that thinks himself the wisest, is generally the greatest fool.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|I'll care for you, love you, support you and so much more.But do not beg for it when you've abused it.I can not love you. When your heart doesn't speak the same music.
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|He was a paranormal investigator. Yes, a ghost hunter, although he never liked to use that terminology. As far as he was concerned, it was inappropriate. He didn’t really hunt ghosts, although he did search for them.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|While we pay lip service to the virtues of reading, the truth is that there is still in our culture something that suspects those who read too much, whatever reading too much means, of being lazy, aimless dreamers, people who need to grow up and come outside to where real life is, who think themselves superior in their separateness.
Eddie  de Jong, Time Management for a productive life|Although it might be difficult to believe, each interruption involves a choice.
Samuel P. Huntington|The moral nihilism of celebrity culture is played out on reality television shows, most of which encourage a dark voyeurism into other people's humiliation, pain, weakness, and betrayal.
Francine Pascal|Building a little bonfire at night on the beach and lying on a blanket with my wife under the stars is not only sexy, it's romantic.
John Geiger|Using time, pressure and patience, the universe gradually changes caterpillars into butterflies, sand into pearls, and coal into diamonds. You’re being worked on too, so hang in there. Just because something isn’t apparent right now, doesn’t mean it isn’t happening. It’s not until the end do you realize, sometimes your biggest blessings were disguised by pain and suffering. They were not placed there to break you, but to make you.
Elaine Cantrell, The Captain and the Cheerleader|Ah, cruel parents indeed, who neglect the religious education of their children; more cruel in some respects than Herod; he slew the bodies of children, these murder souls; he murdered the children of others, these murder their own; he employed the agency of his servants, these do the work of slaughter themselves.
B. Dave Walters|When I have a mission, it gives me something to focus on.
Nema Al-Araby, Remnants and Ashes|The bond between being and non-being can be only internal. It is within being qua being that non-being must arise, and within non-being that being must spring up; and this relation can not be a fact, a natural law, but an upsurge of the being which is its own nothingness of being.
Jay Woodman|The greatest things to have can't be possessed, they exist within yet can be shared, like freedom, love, trust, integrity, fun, dreams, creativity, wisdom, peace.
Erin McCahan, Love and Other Foreign Words|What if, right now, as we’re immolating language, we’re doing away with ourselves? Maybe we’ve regressed. The skills we once used for survival – scattered attention, diffuse concentration – have been adapted to finding glowing dots on screens, skimming pop-ups, beams, emails, video streams.
Leona Lewis|I lost some of my friends because I got so famous, people who just assumed that I would be different now. I felt like everyone hated me. That is the most unhappy time of my life.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|...the presence of each other and a lusty love of being, of living and knowing there was tomorrow and God knows how many more tomorrows and each a life and sufficient in itself...
Debasish Mridha|We often know the truth, but rarely do we follow it.
Agnes Grinstead Anderson, Approaching the Magic Hour: Memories of Walter Anderson|I sat there and my love to him poured out more and more, and, lo, he flew down to a stump, and then to my knee. I knew beyond a shadow of doubt that the important thing is the love that goes out from oneself.
Ray Bradbury|The immense accretion of flesh which had descended on her in middle life like a flood of lava on a doomed city had changed her from a plump active little woman with a neatly-turned foot and ankle into something as vast and august as a natural phenomenon. She had accepted this submergence as philosophically as all her other trials, and now, in extreme old age, was rewarded by presenting to her mirror an almost unwrinkled expanse of firm pink and white flesh, in the centre of which the traces of a small face survived as if awaiting excavation. A flight of smooth double chins led down to the dizzy depths of a still-snowy bosom veiled in snowy muslins that were held in place by a miniature portrait of the late Mr. Mingott; and around and below, wave after wave of black silk surged away over the edges of a capacious armchair, with two tiny white hands poised like gulls on the surface of the billows.
Michael A. Stackpole, I, Jedi|She's as old as the hills, evil as a snake, all malevolence and magic and death.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A good marriage is not “made in heaven,” but on earth. Love is a fragile commodity which needs to be cultivated and nourished constantly.
Isaac Asimov|It is not so much that I have confidence in scientists being right, but that I have so much in nonscientists being wrong.
Corrine Jackson, Ignited|Everything ritualistic must be strictly avoided, because it immediately turns rotten. Of course a kiss is a ritual too and it isn't rotten, but ritual is permissible only to the extent that it is as genuine as a kiss.
Klaus H. Krippendorff, Content Analysis: An Introduction to Its Methodology|We also self-inflict violence, because violence is our only way of relating to the world, to others and to ourselves.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Have you ever truly, keenly felt like you don't know who you are? Do you ever do something and think, Who is at the controls? Like some mad pilot has locked you out of the cockpit? I definitely do. I feel a kind of vertigo that makes me shake afterwards. I guess we all feel it when making a difficult-seeming choice, and sometimes you seriously don't know what you want because you don't know who you're supposed to be, or who you want to be. Physics, my first and second families, my philosophy degree, had all failed to help me answer that question. The former has led me to wonder whether I am one of an infinite number of Alices in multiple universes. A quantum fuck-up, which is someone who fucks up in every one of those universes but in different ways.
Jim Carrey|Only those who doubt pursue certainty; those who dissimulate certainness, only nurture illusion.
Sunday Adelaja|God has a plan to make you great, famous, and unique
Chance The Rapper|Even though I disagree with many of the changes, when I see the privates graduate at the end of the day, when they walk off that drill field at the end of the ceremony, they are still fine privates; outstanding, well motivated privates.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Personally, I think sex should be like math.At school.No one really cares if they're crap at math. They even proclaim it. They'll say to anyone, "Yeah, I don't mind science and English, but I'm absolutely shithouse at math." And other people will laugh and say,"Yeah, me too. I would have a clue about all that logarithm shit. You should be able to say that about sex too. You should be proudly able to say, "Yeah I wouldn't have a clue about all that orgasm shit, ay. I'm okay at everything else but when it comes to that part I wouldn't have a clue.
Sherwin B. Nuland|Recent sociological findings indicate that while "whites have largely abandoned principled racism... they have not necessarily given up negative racial stereotypes" or "negative sentiments and beliefs about African Americans.
Rebecca Rupp, The Dragon of Lonely Island|Keep all your promises, don't take what doesn't belong to you, and always look after those less fortunate than yourself, and you'll do well in the world.
John Muir|Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
Ellen DeGeneres|Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome.
Dilma Rousseff|You do your work as a photographer and everything becomes past. Words are more like thoughts; the photographer's picture is always surrounded by a kind of romantic glamor - no matter what you do, and how you twist it.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Had we but world enough and time, This coyness, lady, were no crime. We would sit down, and think which way To walk, and pass our long love’s day.
Ernst F. Schumacher, Small Is Beautiful: Economics as if People Mattered|An attitude to life which seeks fulfilment in thesingle-minded pursuit of wealth - in short, materialism - does not fit into thisworld, because it contains within itself no limiting principle, while theenvironment in which it is placed is strictly limited.
John Davidson|I have seen that technology has contributed to improved communication, that it's contributed to better health care, that it's contributed to better food supplies, that it has contributed to all the basic human needs.
Priscilla Shirer, Fervent: A Woman's Battle Plan to Serious, Specific and Strategic Prayer|(The enemy) laughs at your attempts to fix your own issues with timely words and hard work - tactics that might affect matters for a moment but can't begin to touch his underhanded, cunning efforts down where the root issues lie.
Chris Burkmenn|You're single not because you are not good enough for one, it's that you're too good for the wrong one.
Jamie Holoran, Rounder's People|What are you doing?” Nine Eleven asked, noticing Seth trying to look around him. He followed Seth's gaze. “Oh.”He turned back around and handed Seth a wry smile. “So what are you going to do about her, Seth? Create a love spell that will bend her to your will and make her your sex slave?”“Is that how you get dates?” Seth asked.
Robert Frank|You see, i f you have t rue photographic vision, you have clar i ty and i f you haveclarity, you don't need to explain or defend your images.Clar i ty is about what emot ions or feel ings the image is t rying to evoke, not the fact sbehind the image.Photographic clar i ty is about passion of purpose. I t 's about a single-minded desi reto protect a memory. I t 's about story tel l ing wi th a camera that 's so power ful , nowords are necessary.
Alice Munro|One day, I was at my grandmother's house, and I found diaries that she kept as a young girl. I opened one to a page that had flowers glued inside. In her childish handwriting, my grandmother wrote, 'Pap died today. I am very sad.' The fact that this was true and that I could see the withered flowers made a huge impression on me.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|And friends abroad must bear in mindFriends at home they leave behind.Oh, I shall be stiff and coldWhen I forget you, hearts of gold;The land where I shall mind you notIs the land where all's forgot.And if my foot returns no moreTo Teme nor Corve nor Severn shore,Luck, my lads, be with you stillBy falling stream and standing hill,By chiming tower and whispering tree,Men that made a man of me.About your work in town and farmStill you'll keep my head from harm,Still you'll help me, hands that gaveA grasp to friend me to the grave.
Alex Scarrow, Afterlight|When he was turning thirty, Jobs had used a metaphor about record albums. He was musing about why folks over thirty develop rigid thought patterns and tend to be less innovative. " People get stuck in those patterns, just like grooves in a record, and they never get out of them, " he said. At age forty-five, Jobs was now about to get out of his groove.
N.M. Silber|I'm going to write a book about an intelligent woman who does stupid things when it comes to men. I'll call it, "My Memoirs.
David Nicholls, One Day|If you're my friend I should be able to talk to you but I can't, and if I can't talk to you, well, what is the point of you? Of us?
Pearl Jam, Vitalogy   Letras|I love autumn", Emily said to me. "It wins you over with its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay.
Rick Riordan, The Ship of the Dead|Annabeth shook her head. "All these years sneaking around, and we could've just been ourse
Geraldine Brooks|It always amuses me that the biggest praise for my work comes for the imagination, while the truth is that there's not a single line in all my work that does not have a basis in reality. The problem is that Caribbean reality resembles the wildest imagination.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Graves|Although he never speaks of how or what or why, I know that his childhood was difficult, that his parents broke his heart. Books and excess poundage are his insulation against pain.
Theresa  Smith|I don't think I've ever felt anything other than lonely. "The saddest part of this was not the words, but the tone he said them with. So matter of fact; as though loneliness was the same as the colour of your hair or having too many freckles. A fact about yourself that could not be permanently altered.
Saru Singhal|As she walks through her problems, miseries and bad days, she couldn't help but notice how her gait has become more poised and elegant. Earlier - she tripped over at the sight of a problem. Now - she keeps her head high and wins over them.Her problems made a woman out of a girl!
Louis MacNeice, Collected Poems of Louis MacNeice|He wasn't a whole person any longer, but only half of something not yet made.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|That was how it was, sometimes. You put yourself in front of the thing and waited for whatever was going to happen and that was all. It scared you and it didn't matter. You stood and faced it. There was no outwitting anything. When Almondine had been playful, she had been playful in the face of that knowledge, as defiant as before the rabid thing. Sometimes you looked the thing in the eye and it turned away. Sometimes it didn't.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Rare are the handful of principles that incessantly drive us to stand even when we face the stark realization that we will likely perish in the standing. And rarer still is the person who will surrender all to protect such principles. Yet, the rudimentary principles of freedom and liberty pristinely untarnished by greed and selfishness took captive the hearts of simple people and raised this nation up from untamed wilderness and unchecked tyranny. And let us all be warned that without renewed adherence to these principles, we will rapidly return this nation to untamed wilderness and unchecked tyranny.
Billy Graham|It is one of the most effective attitudes of the neurotic to measure thumbs down, so to speak, a real person by an ideal, since in doing so he can depreciate him as much as he wishes.
skumarsinha|I would rather get offended than defending myself, though if it isn’t my mistake. Just to see that beautiful smile on your face.
David Nicholls, One Day|All his words and actions would now be fit for his daughter’s ears and eyes. Life would be lived as if under [her] constant scrutiny. He would never do anything that might cause her pain or anxiety or embarrassment and there would be nothing, absolutely nothing in his life to be ashamed of anymore.
Riccardo Bruni, The Lion and the Rose|The processed food industry hijacked our palates by using three highly addictive weapons -- sugar, salt and wheat.
Helen Hunt Jackson, Ramona|But undying memories stood like sentinels in her breast. When the notes of doves, calling to each other, fell on her ear, her eyes sought the sky, and she heard a voice saying, "Majella!
Jonathan Sacks|I consider myself someone who takes a lot of beauty risks, and I've realized what I liar I am. I change my hair a lot, from blue to blonde to bald, but I'm trying to branch out a little more with makeup.
Nick Cave|Life has got a habit of not standing hitched. You got to ride it like you find it. You got to change with it. If a day goes by that don't change some of your old notions for new ones, that is just about like trying to milk a dead cow.
Billy Collins, Picnic, Lightning|It is time to float on the waters of the night. Time to wrap my arms around this book and press it to my chest, life preserver in a sea of unremarkable men and women, anonymous faces on the street, a hundred thousand unalphabetized things, a million forgotten hours.
Cassandra Clare, The Rise of the Hotel Dumort|And who are all these people? There weren't this many when I fell asleep."Alfie shrugged, indicating that the universe was mysterious and nothing would ever be fully understood.
Katee Robert, Seducing the Bridesmaid|The man was great, but no man was great enough to sever a friendship between her and one of her girls. Chicks before dicks, and all that.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|If we define ourselves by each of the ever-changing feelings that cascade through us, how will we ever feel at home in our own bodies and minds?
Winifred Gallagher|this observation leads Rozin to a stunning conclusion: "Disgust is the basic emotion of civilization.
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Last of the Firedrakes|Many of my colleagues operate from a mistaken notion that rational thought can come from only objective discourse, devoid of emotions. To me, speaking from the heart and with passion is not antagonistic to reason.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|It's time to stop focusing on what others think of you. They think they know you, but don't. They're stuck in the figment of their imagination.
Alison Sweeney|We all know the stories about the Human Rights Act... about the illegal immigrant who cannot be deported because, and I am not making this up, he had a pet cat.
Donna Lynn Hope|In this age people have become more loyal and attached to personal brands,individuals than companies, brands. [You get the emotional highs and lows, but real issues overlooked]. In a social media driven world, every piece of content we put out there can make or mar us
G. Michael Hopf, Those Who Remain|Hard times create strong men. Strong men create good times. Good times create weak men. And, weak men create hard times.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|What if evangelical mega churches became known around the world for things like providing water access for entire countries or fighting to end the AIDS pandemic? Imagine what integrity that would give to the good news we preach, especially the gospel that Jesus declares is good news to the poor.
Jameel Abuayyd|No,” Gideon says. “No guns. The most dangerous weapon you have is your brain. Give someone a gun and they tend to quit using it.
If I Wake|There are so many different ways for someone to say your name. I’m not sure I ever realized that before I met Jesse. Prior to him, it was just Rose calling out to me with love and affection or Gideon relaying his quiet approval or disapproval. Crisp, clear notes. When Jesse says my name, it’s a chord, a mash-up of several intense emotions all reflected in two syllables.
Kristin Hannah, The Nightingale|Love. It was the beginning and end of everything, the foundation and the ceiling and the air in between.
Vinod Varghese Antony|Sages thought and taught,But men do what they want;Love, wisdom and tolerance won’t work at them,For they are great beasts of all.
John Green, Paper Towns|METAPHYSICAL LECTURE 1It has been said that after undergoing certain ordeals — whether ecstatic or abysmal — we should be obliged to change our names, as we are no longer who we once were. Instead the opposite rule is applied: our names linger long after anything resembling what we were, or thought we were, has disappeared entirely. Not that there was ever much to begin with — only a few questionable memories and impulses drifting about like snowflakes in a gray and endless winter. But each soon floats down and settles into a cold and nameless void.
Justin Dobbs|And yet it was also true that the tumor could not be removed by our doctor, and as a result of that a strange medication had been given him that enabled my brother to become even more of an enigma than he was before, and as a result of that there came to exist not only the machine and the inertia that came with it, but a change of perspective among the townsfolk that was a result of their interactions with the various phases of my brother. And so it was that when the flood began to rear its terrible head, not only was there the inertia that we all had to deal with, but a sense of the sublime that we had begun to feel for the waters which had roared upon the horizon.
Cassandra Danz, Mrs. Greenthumbs Plows Ahead: Five Steps to the Drop-Dead Gorgeous Garden of Your Dreams|That hedge provides almost complete privacy from cars and pedestrians, and I would bet he and his wife do it more than the national average.
Robert W Sweeting|I don't like zombie movies, they're just plain silly.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited|If any have more of the government of thee than Christ, or if thou hadst rather live after any other laws than his, if it were at thy choice, thou art not his disciple (331).
Elmer E. Bates|My mother used to say  "He who angers you conquers you."
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|Are you going to eat him?" Samantha asked...	Warrick struggled for a moment, but had to tell her the truth. "Yes..."	"Can I watch? Samantha added.	Warrick laughed, and it echoed through the cavern. She kept surprising him.	"You're not eating him," his mother said, still irritated...."He's my steward," she continued. "I get to eat him.
Amanda Coplin, The Orchardist|Everything that has ever happened to me that has been important has not been something that I've hoped for, or looked for, or manipulated -- it's all been predicated on my ability to take a new road when it presented itself and to go wit
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|In the external scheme of things, shining moments are as brief as the twinkling of an eye, yet such twinklings are what eternity is made of -- moments when we human beings can say "I love you," "I'm proud of you," "I forgive you," "I'm grateful for you." That's what eternity is made of: invisible imperishable good stuff.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|On this life you will act like a scientist,you need to keep experimenting and do some mistakes, but in the end you will find out how to make things so perfect ...
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Now that he was teaching Quentin could see why the faculty didn't bother trying to improve the climate. It kept people amazingly focused. … You could actually watch as the determination to seize the moment and live life to the fullest ebbed right out of them, and they resigned themselves to lonely, silent, indoor study instead.
Archibald E. Garrod|I tried to establish order over the chaos of my imagination, but this essence, the same that presented itself to me still hazily when I was a child, has always struck me as the very heart of truth. It is our duty to set ourselves an end beyond our individual concerns, beyond our convenient, agreeable habits, higher than our own selves, and disdaining laughter, hunger, even death, to toil night and day to attain that end. No, not to attain it. The self-respecting soul, as soon as he reaches his goal, places it still further away. Not to attain it, but never to halt in the ascent. Only thus does life acquire nobility and oneness.
Frederic Bastiat|I believe that President Clinton considered the legal merits of the arguments for the pardon as he understood them, and he rendered his judgment, wise or unwise, on the merits.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Grace is neither gentleness nor fragility. Grace is treating yourself, others, and even inanimate objects with respect.
Charles Duhigg|Getting elected Governor of New Mexico, I really did enjoy that job. I thought I made a really big difference, and I think the same running for president of the United States - that I could make a really big, positive difference.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Love comes with a knife, not some shy question, and not with fears for its reputation!
Dada Bhagwan|The worldly life means something superficial. When people speak during their interactions, they put a ‘full stop’ there, but no, there should be a ‘comma’ there. People have put a full stop there. ‘I am Chandubhai’ - there should be a comma there and ‘I am Pure Soul’ – there should be a full stop there.
Naomi Novik, League of Dragons|The first time I saw Cricket, I loved her. Little did I know that skinny, goofy girl would one day grow up to be a great dragon slayer. I would have pegged her for a shoemaker.
Namjoon|Nuclear weapons have only been used twice, both times in the war against Japan. In each case it was used by the United States during World War II. The first was used on August 6, 1945, over the Japanese city of Hiroshima and the second was dropped three days later over the Japanese city of Nagasaki. The two bombs resulted in the deaths of nearly a quarter million people! Recently I have heard it said that since we have the second largest arsenal of nuclear bombs, we should use them to teach North Korea a lesson and reduce tensions. Perhaps we are the ones that need to learn a lesson, so let me start by saying that since these first two bombs that have been used in anger, over two thousand tests have been conducted and that it was Russia that tested the largest bomb ever detonated. On 30 October 1961, Russia which was then the Soviet Union, detonated what was called the Tsar Bomb, a hydrogen bomb with a yield of 50 megatons which is more than 3,000 times as powerful as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima.Are we and our leaders insane? It is only the “Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons” of which we are a member that can reduce the spread and possible the use of nuclear weapons. Now with North Korea being a player, its effectiveness has been questioned and we are on the brink of engaging in a contest that threatens to kill 2,000,000 people in the first day. Many of these people are American military personnel and their families stationed in in Seoul, South Korea. Following any initiative on our part, including the taunts we are making, all bets will be off and there is the possibility that other countries will see the United States as the enemy that has to be stopped!
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Loyalty is what matters, and that exists now, not in the past. Loyalty has to be proved every day, in every piece of fresh-kill brought back for the Clan, every claw mark on our enemies, every patrol, every training session.
davidji|When we surrender, we allow the universe to work its magic; we say yes to infinite possibilities; we trust that things will work out as they are meant to; and we give ourselves permission to let go of the outcome. This can be liberating, intimidating, blissful, scary, and a swirl of so many other emotions. But in the end, if we are true to our heart, life unfolds with magnificence…and we get to celebrate
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Our past cannot be changed, and to be preoccupied with it is inefficient in time and effort. Likewise, by fretting over the future, we only exhaust ourselves, making us less able to effectively respond when the future is actually upon us. By worrying about a mishap that may or may not take place, we’re forced to undergo the event twice—once when imagining it and once again if and when we actually experience it.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Peril|I couldn't take my eyes off him. Like a desert wanderer afraid of mirages, I gazed at my oasis, but he was real.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|He was in my hair, my eyes, my fingers, my heart. I day-dreamed about what he was doing, thinking, seeing, smelling, feeling. I could not eat for thoughts of him.
Lydia Davis, The End of the Story|I copied the address into my address book, erasing an earlier one that had not been good for very long. No address of his was good for very long and the paper in my address book where his address is written is thin and soft from being erased so often.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|Very few of us understand Honorable Bird, except to acknowledge that without his power and grace nothing would be written, painted, or composed at all. To say anything beyond this about the creative process is like pulling all the petals off a flower in order to analyze it, and ending up having destroyed the flower.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|Hell," he said, looking down his body. "I shouldn't have thought about that just yet. Now Alice is going to come out of the bathroom and see you standing there being demanding. That's not very gentlemanly...."	This just made him even harder.	With a sigh, he snatched up her pirate hat and slapped it over his crotch. "There. Now we can at least present the semblance of a man who doesn't have a single track mind.
Charles Bukowski, Notes of a Dirty Old Man|Where I'm from," Tom tilted his head to the side, "they call your kind a hipster or a lumbersexual, with the beard and flannel and such."Without missing beat, Jethro responded, "Ah. See, where I'm from, they call my kind a man.
Merrie Haskell, The Princess Curse|Did I never explain to you about love, Reva?' Pa asked. I gave him a look, and he laughed uncomfortably. 'I guess not. Let me put it in a way you'll understand. Love is like stinging nettles. Only they prick from the inside out, starting at your heart and bursting on around. It's worse when it gets here'--he rubbed the bridge of his nose--'then your vision goes a little strange. But eventually the nettles stop stinging--once she agrees to kiss you. But they start right back up again when she agrees to marry you--''Pa,' I interrupted, 'that's not love, that's fear.'Pa shook his head, looking off admiringly in the direction where Lacrimora had disappeared. 'Same thing, in my case.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|For the first time in my life I tasted death, and death tasted bitter, for death is birth, is fear and dread of some terrible renewal.
Joseph Stalin|Education is a weapon, whose effect depends on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed.
Alijia Izetbegovic|For 1,300 days of Sarajevo's drama, important people in the world who were supposed to act kept their eyes closed, ... But not you. You were not silent. Your voice was clear.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.
Deyth Banger|He nods, then squints across the room. "Not all those who wander are lost," he says. He's still squinting. I wonder if he's practiced this squint - a squint-stare off into the metaphysical distance. I'm realizing he's kind of handsome. But then again, it might just be that he cares about something."What is that?" I ask. "Did Jesus Christ say that?""No," he says. "Bilbo Baggins said that.
Henrik Fisker|One of the big failures for the big auto companies is that even the CEO and the top management often don't understand design and manufacturing. As a CEO, you have to make decisions; you need to have knowledge.
Kevin Swanson, Upgrade: 10 Secrets to the Best Education for Your Child|Education is the preparation of a child intellectually, emotionally, spiritually, and physically for life and for eternity.
Dario Spini, War, Community, and Social Change: Collective Experiences in the Former Yugoslavia|To retain our dignity, we must sometimes refuse to live life at any cost
Marilyn Manson|We cannot erase what has been done. We can apologize for it. We can express our outrage. We can say to the American people and to the people of the world, this is not our way and we do not condone it, but we cannot change it and we cannot erase it.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, On Certainty|I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; he says again and again 'I know that that’s a tree', pointing to a tree that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell him: 'This fellow isn’t insane. We are only doing philosophy.
Margaret Weis, Dragons of a Lost Star|Words can never fully say what we want them to say, for they fumble, stammer, and break the best porcelain. The best one can hope for is to find along the way someone to share the path, content to walk in silence, for the heart communes best when it does not try to speak.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|People who want to acquired powers over somebody else, for them imagination is a powerful tool. If you are seeking liberation, if you want to become free, the first thing that you must become free from is your imagination, because that is the deepest trap. Your memory and your imagination are the two traps. Do you see? One of your legs is stuck in memory; another leg is stuck in imagination. If you release yourself from these, meditation is just natural. When you sit for meditation, what is your basic problem? You are either thinking about tomorrow or thinking about what happened yesterday, isn't it? If you are free from memory and imagination, you will always be meditative.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|With boys there was a fundamental assumption that they had a right to be there—not always, but more often than not. With girls, Why her? came up so quickly.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Some loves have to be given up, others have to be forgotten. Strange as it may sound, if you think of me as a monster, but I can love most passionately. I do not think of myself as evil.
Guy de Maupassant|It is man who has introduced a little grace, beauty, unknown charm and mystery into creation by singing about it, interpreting it, by admiring it as a poet, idealizing it as an artist and by explaining it through science, doubtless making mistakes, but finding ingenious reasons, hidden grace and beauty, unknown charm and mystery in the various phenomena of Nature. God created only coarse beings, full of the germs of disease, who, after a few years of bestial enjoyment, grow old and infirm, with all the ugliness and all the want of power of human decrepitude.
|So many people want to be successful, but most of them are fearful or doubtful of the path that leads to it. This is way the land of success is far from being crowded.
Franz Wright, Walking to Martha's Vineyard|I basked in you;I loved you, helplessly, with a boundless tongue-tied love.And death doesn't prevent me from loving you.Besides, in my opinion you aren't dead.(I know dead people, and you are not dead.)
Rainer Maria Rilke|The world is not comprehensible, but it is embraceable: through the embracing of one of its beings.
David Suzuki|Let's not take Earth for granted, Let's Pay back.
Jörg Guido Hülsmann|Those who claim to be hurt by words must be led to expect nothing as compensation. Otherwise, once they learn they can get something by claiming to be hurt, they will go into the business of being offended.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Don't look for peace. Don't look for any other state than the one you are in now; otherwise, you will set up inner conflict and unconscious resistance. Forgive yourself for not being at peace. The moment you completely accept your non-peace, your non-peace becomes transmuted into peace. Anything you accept fully will get you there, will take you into peace. This is the miracle of surrender
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|I say, you look smashing this evening," Zayne strode over to her, took her arm, and began helping her up the walk, "That is a lovely gown, and what is the color of the hair you're currently sporting?
Fletcher Pratt, Tales From Gavagan's Bar|Lucy preferred gin and tonics during the summer and switched over to whiskey sours in the winter. At dinner, a sit-down affair with the family, Lucy drank whatever the Temerlins drank, including expensive French wines. "She never gets obnoxious, even when smashed to the brink of unconsciousness," wrote Maurice, revealing more about the chimp's alcoholism than perhaps he intended. At one point, he tried to wean Lucy off the good stuff and onto Boone's Farm apple wine. Assuming she would delight in the fruity swill, he purchased a case and filled her glass one night at dinner. Lucy took a sip of the apple wine, noticed her parents were drinking something else, and put her glass down. She then graabbed Maurice's glass of Chablis and polished it off. She finished Jane's next. Not another sip of Boone's farm ever touched her lips.
Gina Maxwell, Seducing Cinderella|Impertinent submissive,” Raoul snapped, and his dark brown eyes turned mean. “Nothing new for this one. You're doing a lousy job of bringing her to heel, Marcus.”“Bring me to heel? Like I'm a dog?” Without thinking, Gabi instinctively yanked away and snapped out, “Bite me.
Kelly Moran, Summer's Road|I have never loved a half human creature as my ancient loverShe was 30% human when with me,I bet she breath when telling white liesNot noticing that it's where my heart lied
Holly Stone, Taken by a Stranger|It's hard to tell the difference between how we want someone to feel about us and how we actually feel about them. If the person is attractive, we always want them to want us, and sometimes we get so busy trying to make that happen, we forget to keep track of whether we actually want them or not. Plus, we always want what we're afraid we can't get.
Ahlam Mosteghanemi, فوضى الحواس|I Became a free woman when I decided to stop dreaming, freedom that is waiting for nothing .. and anticipation is a state of slavery" - Ahlam (Chaos of the Senses)
Stephen King, It|You laugh because what's fearful and unknown is also what's funny, you laugh the way a small child will sometimes laugh and cry at the same time when a capering circus clown approaches, knowing it is supposed to be funny... but it is also unknown, full of the unknown's eternal power.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments With Truth|However, it’s usually random acts of good intent, like this one, which get you into the worst trouble in the long run. They say that if you want to change the world then you should be that change you want to see. Well that’s what Gandhi said and see what they did to him. Ya, random acts of good intent are the ones that just might get you killed. The further you stick your neck out for others the more likely it’s going to chopped, or at least get a large heavy albatross around it.
Vanessa Vanney Thompson, Words of "Expressions" on a Page: Poetry Love|I would fall asleep with my face pressed into her fur, while her deep electrical purr vibrated softly against my cheek. They made me think of the seaside, and so I called her Ocean, and I could not have told you why.
Michael Chabon, Maps and Legends: Reading and Writing Along the Borderlands|All literature, highbrow or low, from the Aeneid onward, is fan fiction....Through parody and pastiche, allusion and homage, retelling and reimagining the stories that were told before us and that we have come of age loving--amateurs--we proceed, seeking out the blank places in the map that our favorite writers, in their greatness and negligence, have left for us, hoping to pass on to our own readers--should we be lucky enough to find any--some of the pleasure that we ourselves have taken in the stuff that we love: to get in on the game. All novels are sequels; influence is bliss.
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|The better men know the Lord, the better may the eternal truths we learn be applied in our daily lives.
Nuno Roque|Sometimes people are shocked by what I do, but I'm not trying to be liked, I speak my mind and I don't care what people think. I truly do not compromise on who I am.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|It has always seemed strange to me...The things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.
Greg Paul, The Twenty-Piece Shuffle: Why the Poor and Rich Need Each Other|When I seek him, root my values and desires in him, when I found my relationships and sense of self on him, my capacity for joy increases. The more I "have" Jesus, the deeper my enjoyment of him. He increases my desire for those things that are good, adds value to that which is benign, and diminishes the strength of the negative (the evil) that threatens to throttle me. My dependence on material values and experiences as the means by which I define or please myself decreases.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|They're Lares. House gods.""House gods," Percy said. "Like...smaller than real gods, but larger than apartment gods?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Finding the good in others is mutually rewarding for both you and the fortunate recipient of your kind words. Don’t you love being around people who make you feel great about yourself? Don’t you want to do business with people who make you feel valued and important? Wouldn’t you rather work with people who appreciate and respect you? Of course you would! Now go out and do that for others! When you become a generous good-finder you will infuse positive energy, optimism, and good will into their lives, as well as your own.
Jean Anouilh|It seemed that rebellion must have an unassailable base, something guarded not merely from attack, but from the fear of it: such a base as we had in the Red Sea Parts, the desert, or in the minds of the men we converted to our creed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Today is another day! Yesterday is gone but not its memories. There were so many things we expected yesterday which did not happen and what we least expected happened instead. Some are still expecting something. Expectation is a pillar of life. We all do have our expectations for today. Though we may or we may not be able to tell with certainty how our expectations would materialize. We ought to take life easy. Well, it may not be so easy to take it easy but, take it easy! Stay focused and entrust your trust in God. After all what you least expects can happen; serendipity can visit you and stay with you forever at a twinkle of an eye. The coin of life can however turn within a moment of time and your expectations can become a big had I know and a nightmare; the vicissitudes of life can rob you at any moment of time. No one knows what the next second really holds. What matters in life is to do what matter; plant the seed of life God has entrusted in your hands and dare to ensure its abundant fruitfulness. The very problem in life is living to neglect the very reasons why you are living because of the problems you may face in living why you must live. When you trade why you must live for why you must not live, you are ruled by what you know but you do not know how it is ruling you. Once we have life, let us live for life all about living and living life is life!
Karon Waddell|A fake friend is someone that ridicules your feelings, steps on your emotions and gossips about you behind your back
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is a lot of pain in being lonely, but a lot of beauty in being alone.
David Nicholls, One Day|Occasionally, very occasionally, say at four o’clock in the afternoon on a wet Sunday, she feels panic-stricken and almost breathless with loneliness. Once or twice she has been known to pick up the phone to check that it isn’t broken. Sometimes she thinks how nice it would be to be woken by a call in the night: ‘get in a taxi now’ or ‘I need to see you, we need to talk’. But at the best of times she feels like a character in a Muriel Spark novel – independent, bookish, sharp-minded, secretly romantic.
Melanie Cusick-Jones, Outlanders|Why should I care about you first kiss,' he said. 'You can kiss anyone you like. But sometimes if you wanted to kiss me, that would be all right, too.
|At any given point, the chain of a stagnant life can be completely broken, but not with the same mental attitude that placed one in it.
Immanuel Kant|To suppose that any form of government will secure liberty or happiness without any virtue in the people, is a chimerical idea.
Chris Cornell|In high school, I once sang 'Let's Get It On' and 'Brown Sugar' with a band that included my English teacher and my math teacher.
Philip Slater, The Pursuit of Loneliness: American Culture at the Breaking Point|At a conservative estimate, there are probably a million men and women in their twenties and thirties who would happily work long hours doing what most needs to be done, if they were paid something for it.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Is what I do important? Does it matter? I don't really do much other than working, and caring for my family and friends.God: If anything matters, than everything matters. Because you are important, everything you do is important. Every time you forgive, the universe changes. Every time you reach out and touch a heart or a life, the world changes. With every kindness and service, seen or unseen, my purposes are accomplished, and nothing will ever be the same again.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Irish people marry late, as a rule. We have that potato-famine DNA from the old country, that mentality where you don't give birth to anything until you have the potatoes all stored up to feed it. My ancestors were all shepherds who got married in their thirties and then stayed together for life, who had long and happy marriages, no doubt because they were already deaf. My grandparents courted for nine years before they married in 1933.
Susan Douglas, The Mommy Myth: The Idealization of Motherhood and How It Has Undermined All Women|When they're little, and you go for years without a good night's sleep, you wonder if they'll ever make it through to morning without finding some reason to wake you up. But then one day you look at the clock and it's 7:30 a.m......For a panicked moment, you wonder if your child is---well, I can't even say it. You leap out of bed and run into his room and if you haven't wakened him up with all your commotion by then, you stand there for a minute trying to make sure that he's still breathing. You see the chest rising and falling and you let out a sigh. There's nothing wrong. He's just growing up. He doesn't need you anymore, is all; he doesn't need to wake you up in the night.
Debasish Mridha|When you are at the end of the road, turn around and take another road. I promise it will be less painful.
Matt Squire|Her voice was caught in the shell of my ear, as if it were the ocean.
William Shakespeare|Offspring, the due performance on religious rites, faithful service, highest conjugal happiness and heavenly bliss for the ancestors and oneself, depend on one's wife alone.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|The only evidence to the contrary was the mute protest in your own bones, the instinctive feeling that the conditions you lived in were intolerable and that at some other time they must have been different.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|The really essential factors of success in any undertaking are money and opportunity, and as a rule, the man who can make the first can make the second.
Gaston Leroux|Erik, Erik! I saved your life! Remember? You were scentenced to death! But for me you would be dead by now. 
Virginia Coyle|We need another and a wiser and perhaps a more mystical concept of animals... They are not our brethren; they are not underlings; they are other nations, caught with ourselves in the net of life...
Richie Norton|Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|Love and translation look alike in their grammar. To love someone implies transforming their words into ours. Making an effort to understand the other person and, inevitably, to misinterpret them. To construct a precarious language together.
David Harewood|Scarlett Johansson has a smile she tries to suppress in every movie she makes. She's been trying to keep a straight face since she appeared with Bill Murray 11 years ago in her breakthrough, 'Lost in Translation.'
Sarah McCarty, Sam's Creed|You're a virgin. You have no idea what you're asking for.""Then you will have to teach me.""Not like this. Not on a horse in the middle of nowhere.
Anaïs Nin|Someone told me the delightful story of the crusader who put a chastity belt on his wife and gave the key to his best friend for safekeeping, in case of his death. He had ridden only a few miles away when his friend, riding hard, caught up with him, saying 'You gave me the wrong key!
Rudolf Steiner|If spiritual science is to do the same for spirit that natural science has done for nature, it must investigate quite differently from the latter. It must find ways and means of penetrating into the sphere of the spiritual, a domain which cannot be perceived with outer physical senses nor apprehended with the intellect which is bound to the brain.
Ted Williams|God is an unutterable sigh, planted in the depths of the soul.
Unknown Phylosopher|Don't be too realistic , It will make you an Idiot .
Matthew Jobin, The Nethergrim|Every spell is something special, fit for the moment when it's done." Edmund pushed his bowl across to Tom. "It's not just the words you say, but the way they make you feel, the meaning and the rhythm, the connection you make with them. It's not just the things you think, but how the place and time you're in can change them.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Radite na tome da budete elokventni.Vecina njih zna samo da prica,mnogo vise nego sto treba.
Audrey Hepburn|Don't dare to be different, dare to be yourself - if that doesn't make you different then something is wrong.
M. Chandler, High Fidelity|We are the result of our mere actions. What we do, we become.
Jeanne DuPrau, The Diamond of Darkhold|Marry me, Zelda. We'll make it all up as we go. What do you say?
Mehmet Murat ildan|It's you I've been thinking, awake or sleeping,I'm always dreamingMe and you sweetly embracing :)
Dale Carnegie|Flaming enthusiasm, backed by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Sunday Adelaja|There is a latent energy in each of us, in all areas of our lives
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|See?" he said, with an unholy amount of glee. "I hardly broke any laws at all. I should drive more often.""No. Trust me, you shouldn't," Eve said. "Think of all the little old people and the children.
C. JoyBell C.|It's like I get into a roller coaster, and sit there while it goes up and down and upside down and sometimes I get thrown out and I hit my head, but I crawl back in again and the moment I'm back in, it just keeps on going and going again...all of this, so I can find things out and then I write about the things I find out so you can find them out from me. All the bruises, all the wounds, all the bumps on the head, all the scars, just so I can take that and I can write all these things, and sometimes I say "God, I don't want to be in this roller coaster anymore." But when I think about it, if I'm not right here, then where the hell would I be? On the sidewalk? I wasn't born to stand on the sidewalk, I was born to fly around crazy in the sky!
Philip Pullman|I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the 
Charlie Cox|Religion is something we don't talk about, and it is used by uneducated people as a weapon to divide us as opposed to connect with each other.
Elise Andrew|I use a Blackberry. I'm so behind on mobile communication technology, I think a smartwatch may be too far a leap.
Peter Gärdenfors|All communication is a sign of failure. If everybody is pleased with the situation, then there is no need for communication.
Erwin Schrödinger, My View of the World|Taoism as the "art of being in the world," for it deals with the present—ourselves. It is in us that God meets with Nature, and yesterday parts from to-morrow. The Present is the moving Infinity, the legitimate sphere of the Relative. Relativity seeks Adjustment; Adjustment is Art. The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings.
Diana Rigg|Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.
Dave Matthes, Bar Nights|You can fail at what you don't want, so you might as well try what you do want.
Cornell Woolrich, Baker's Dozen: 13 Short Mystery Novels|As our faith grows and we come to know more about the attributes of God and his role in our lives and our obedience, we learn to see our weakness in light of these words, "For is it God who works in you, both to will and to work for his good pleasure" (Phil. 2:13).
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|Desires are very cunning and complex. You are frustrated, but not because of needs. You are frustrated because of desires. And if desires take too much of your energy you will be unable to fulfill your needs also, because who is there to fulfill them? You are moving into the future; you are thinking of the future; your mind is dreaming. Who is there to fulfill ordinary needs of the day? You are not there. And you would like to remain hungry but reach the horizon. You would like to postpone needs so that the whole energy moves towards the desire. But in the end, you find that the desire is not fulfilled, and because needs have been neglected, in the end you are just a ruin. And the time that is lost cannot be regained; you cannot go back.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|I don't want this heart, it's split in two.
Ken Alexopoulos, Sanctified - ACT 1: Born of Man: ACT 1: Born of Man|While we read a novel, we are insane - bonkers.
Valjeanne Jeffers, Immortal|Man leave the past in the past. That's where it belongs. The trouble with addicts is that they carry bad memories around with them - like old luggage. And in that luggage that's where they carry their blueprint for living. You got to decide what's worth keeping, and then set the rest of it on the curb for the garbage.-Joseph
Ashley Brooke Robbins|Chase your dreams, even if you trip.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|Grant is the beginning of the Patent Game, not its end.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Crocodile Chamber|Feet got sore, body was tired,long day, march down Manhattan.I felt a fire lit within me.Hopefully this fire will touchall of us, will be a long fight.-Climate Change March 2014
Eden Hazard|It's not like I was trying to be sexy but I had to get fit because I had to be able to do stunts. Also I wanted that, if Bond took his clothes off, he looked like a man who did what he did, which was kill people for a living. I thought the only way to do that was to work out and get fit and buff and get physically into shape.
Alice Hoffman, Green Angel|My grief was cold. It was nothing to share. It was nothing to speak about, nothing to feel.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Inside, I found three things: a silver mirror, a silk handkerchief, and a glass flask of ointment. These items will help you on your journey. use them when need be. If you ever lose faith in yourself, the mirror will show your inner beauty. In case your reputation is stained, the handkerchief will remind you of how pure your heart is. As for the balm, it will heal your wounds, both inside and outside.
Chelsea Fine, Sophie & Carter|Love.Not the kind you see in the movies or hear about on the radio.The real kind.The kind that gets beaten down and bloody, yet perseveres.The kind that hopes even when hope seems foolish.The kind that can forgives. The kind that believes in healing. The kind that can sit in silence and feel renewed.The real kind of love.It's rare and we have it..
Peter Abelard|In Christ we see a maturity of love that flowers in self-sacrifice and forgiveness; a maturity of power that never swerves from the ideal of service; a maturity of goodness that overcomes every temptation, and, of course, we see the ultimate victory of life over death itself.
Debasish Mridha|If you are a tree, smiles are your flowers. Bloom endlessly.
Rich Marcello, The Color of Home|...the more a human creature has tasted of bitter things the more it hungers after the sweet things of life. And we, wrapped round in rags of our virtues, and regarding others through the mist of our self-sufficiency, and persuaded of our universal impeccability, do not understand this.
Phil Volatile, My Mind's Abyss|When I think about the past and how blind I was in that life, I compare it to being a god and losing everything when being cast out. I had the unlimited power to destroy myself and everything around me. It’s like having been in a cave for years and I’m finally out of the cave. The sun burns my eyes and skin. I don’t recognize my surroundings. No one looks authentic, and now I’m on the hunt for people that have the pieces to my puzzle that will help me on my quest. I have no cave to hide in, and I’m just left with the sediment of a previous life and my own mortality.
Shannon L. Alder|We don't want to eliminate the ego completely. Otherwise we'd be wandering around the house each morning, drinking coffee for hours, saying, 'Who the hell am I?' We need the ego to sustain a sense of identity.
Taylor Negron|If you're sixty-something, pushing 70, the chances of you getting a tremendously fascinating part in the movies are very low, as to be almost negligible, or even in television. But in the theatre, there are still things to do, very interesting, very profound things.
Sunday Adelaja|While those who continuously get themselves the supply of growth, smile through life.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.
Suzanne Somers|I only get fat when I eat food cooked by other chefs. At home, my wife does all the cooking. She makes simple things like soups and salads. We both like steamed tofu.
Arash Tabish|American culture has regressed because of contemporary society’s glorification of making a good living and spending free time in media activities rather than constantly devoting themselves to a learning and self-improvement. The combination of grooming youngsters to fit into a commercial workplace and Americans willingness to submit themselves to endless hours of watching television shows filled with murders, violence, sex, and replete with advertisements that promote the goods of commercial giants has eroded the American spirit and contributed to lack of an intellectually sophisticated populous.
Chris Hedges|Patriarchal hip-hop ushered in a world where black males could declare that they were “keeping it real” when what they were really doing was taking the dead patriarchal protest of the black power movement and rearticulating it in forms that, though entertaining, had for the most part no transformative power, no ability to intervene on the politics of domination, and turn the real lives of black men around.
Joyce Brothers|Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
Wangari Maathai, Unbowed|No matter how dark the cloud, there is always a thin, silver lining, and that is what we must look for. The silver lining will come, if not to us then to next generation or the generation after that. And maybe with that generation the lining will no longer be thin.
Lissa Bryan, The End of All Things|He created us for adventure, not ease.
Leigh Lezark|For young girls, whom I meet a lot when I travel around the country, it will be a big thing. It will really show them that there's no post in Denmark that a girl can't aspire to.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|YOU FEAR TO DIE?"It's not that I don't want... I mean, I've always...it's just that life is a habit that's hard to break...
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|When I turned, I found myself looking at my reflection in the mirror. The dressing room lights surrounded it like a frame, but with the rest of the lighting off, only the center of the mirror was visible. Just us.His gaze locked on mine as his hands slid slowly up from my hips. His fingers splayed wide, teasing me as they made their slow journey up my waist while his lips were at my ear. "I want you to see how sexy you are, and hot you make me.
Roger M. Keesing, Cultural Anthropology: A Contemporary Perspective|This book is an essay in what is derogatorily called "literary economics," as opposed to mathematical economics, econometrics, or (embracing them both) the "new economic history." A man does what he can, and in the more elegant - one is tempted to say "fancier" - techniques I am, as one who received his formation in the 1930s, untutored. A colleague has offered to provide a mathematical model to decorate the work. It might be useful to some readers, but not to me. Catastrophe mathematics, dealing with such events as falling off a height, is a new branch of the discipline, I am told, which has yet to demonstrate its rigor or usefulness. I had better wait. Econometricians among my friends tell me that rare events such as panics cannot be dealt with by the normal techniques of regression, but have to be introduced exogenously as "dummy variables." The real choice open to me was whether to follow relatively simple statistical procedures, with an abundance of charts and tables, or not. In the event, I decided against it. For those who yearn for numbers, standard series on bank reserves, foreign trade, commodity prices, money supply, security prices, rate of interest, and the like are fairly readily available in the historical statistics.
John Green, Paper Towns|I spent the next three hours in classrooms, trying not to look at the clocks over various blackboards, and then looking at the clocks, and then being amazed that only a few minutes had passed since I last looked at the clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight for the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.
Rob Liano|A recipe for success. Think, do. Repeat as needed.
Pope Francis|Faith is a really important part of my life and inspires me in all facets of my life, including my songwriting and my singing.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|Whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive. (Matthew 21:22)
Angus Wilson, No Laughing Matter|The feverish excitement of twenty had been something very noble, very beautiful, but it had not been love.
Neil Humphreys, Saving a Sexier Island: Notes from an Old Singapore|The residents blamed the "Gahmen", naturally. Since the explosion of social media, those "Gahmen" guys have been blamed for everything from HDB flat prices to the price of oil, climate change, the shortage of Hello Kitty dolls and kids not clearing their trays away at hawker centres.
Rachel Lewis, Alone Upon the Sea|Ocean waves gently rock the boat,As if to the tune of a lullaby.She sits still as the boat silently floatsUnder the infinite blue sky.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|Two years ago, I was a twenty-nine year old secretary. Now I am a thirty-one year old writer. I get paid very well to sit around in my pajamas and type on my ridiculously fancy iMac, unless I'd rather take a nap. Feel free to hate me -- I certainly would.
Jean Teulé, The Suicide Shop|Alan! How many more times do I have to tell you? We do not say “see you soon” to customers when they leave our shop. We say “goodbye”, because they won’t be coming back, ever. When will you get that into your thick head?
Martine Bailey, An Appetite for Violets|I did exhibitions with the Surrealists (in Paris, in 1929) because their attitude revolted against 'art' and their attitude toward life itself was wise, as was Dada’s.’ Hans Arp
Shawna Grapentin|...if you plan everything out completely from beginning to end, you destroy your chance for adventure.
Sarah Addison Allen, Lost Lake|My fear is that he'll forget me," she bemoaned with crystalline sadness. I took her hand, limp with loss and held it. "I'd rather not be remembered by any man as it saves me the embarrassment.
Virginia Alison|Woman cannot survive on droplets, she requires waves to regularly crash over her shores as the moon gives way to the sun...
Reilyn J. Hardy, The Last Chronomancer|I kept a picture of me kissing my dad’s corpse on the forehead in my wallet for years. I’d break it out any time someone showed me a baby picture, just so they would know how it ends.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|The world doesn't change in front of your eyes, it changes behind your back.
T S. Edwards|Do you pray for our world or just your world? If all your prayers were answered, would it change our world or just your world?
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|It wasn't a lack of attraction to her husband that caused her problems. It was life. It was traffic. It was the Miami Dade Water and Sewer bills, it was trying to get ahead, and trying to be on time. Petty little thing, but zillions of them fused together.
Rachel Field|Happiness is neither virtue nor pleasure nor this thing nor that but simply growth, We are happy when we are growing.
Morgan Carroll, Take Back Your Government: A Citizen's Guide to Making Your Government Work For You|If you start to smell some of the shit, you start smelling all of the shit
Ray Bradbury|I was not predicting the future, I was trying to prevent it.
China Miéville, Perdido Street Station|Self appreciation is a sign of maturity, seeking appreciation is a sign of immaturity
Debasish Mridha|Love is a song, written in your heart.The moon is a poem in a starry night.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|You must let what happens happen. Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, beautiful and ugly, foolish and wise.
Augustin-Louis Cauchy, Cours D'Analyse de L'Ecole Royale Polytechnique|If we take reason strictly, the perceiving of spiritual beauty and excellence no more belongs to reason than it belongs to the sense of feeling to perceive colors or to the power of seeing to perceive the sweetness of food.
Merry Clayton|I write for a radio show that, no matter what, will go on the air Saturday at five o'clock central time. You learn to write toward that deadline, to let the adrenaline pick you up on Friday morning and carry you through, to cook up a monologue about Lake Wobegon and get to the theater on time.
Jeff  Brown|Listen my friend, if one person doesn’t want the relationship, then it’s simply not a fit. No sense trying to figure out why they don’t want it. No sense blaming it on their commitment issues. No sense waiting around for them to realize they wanted it after all. Because it doesn’t matter why they don’t want it. What matters is that you are met heart-on by a fully engaged partner. If they don’t want it, then you don’t want it, because you don’t want to be with someone who isn’t there for it fully.That’s the thing about love relationship— it’s an agreement that has to be signed by both souls. If one doesn’t sign, then nothing has been lost. If it’s not a fit for them, it’s not a fit for you either.
Max Stirner|The state calls its own violence law, but that of the individual, crime.
Martin R. Lemieux|Be Free!, That I want to Be !
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Have a smile for breakfast, you'll be shitting joy by lunch.
Tony Benn|Oklahomans value our children and our seniors. Oklahomans value traditions of faith. Oklahomans value our heroes, our veterans. Oklahomans value innovation and the creative arts.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|As I sit here in my favorite chair, I'm reminded of a story that my father shared with me when I was a young boy. He said that a chicken and a hog were having conversation about breakfast.The chicken was complaining because it must produce eggs for the farmer so that he can have eggs for breakfast, and the hog replied with tears in his eyes, that may be true, but I must give up my life so that he can have bacon.My question to you is, what has someone given you in order for you to eat, and what are you willing to give up so that someone else may eat at the table of life?
Lisa Bedrick, A Christian Look at Psychology Topics|It's like the commercial, "Once you pop you can't stop."  Once you pop a pill, you can't stop.  They have you hooked and they know it.  Like a drug dealer, they are so happy they have won another loyal customer.  Not loyal because you want to be, but loyal because your body is now completely dependent on them and their legal prescription "drugs." 
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|As you sit there watching a performance of a Shakespeare, Johnson, or Marlowe play, the crowd will fade into the background. Instead, you will be struck by the diction. There are words and phrases that you will not find funny, but which will make the crowd roar with laughter. Your familiarity with the meanings of Shakespeare's words will rise and fall as you see and hear the actors' deliveries and notice the audience's reaction. That is the strange music of being so familiar with something that is not of your own time. What you are listening to in that auditorium is the genuine voice, something of which you have heard only distant echoes. Not every actor is perfect in his delivery; Shakespeare himself makes that quite clear in his Hamlet. But what you are hearing is the voice of the men for whom Shakespeare wrote his greatest speeches. Modern thespians will follow the rhythms or the meanings of these words, but even the most brilliant will not always be able to follow both rhythm and meaning at once. If they follow the pattern of the verse, they risk confusing the audience, who are less familiar with the sense of the words. If they pause to emphasize the meanings, they lose the rhythm of the verse. Here, on the Elizabethan stage, you have a harmony of performance and understanding that will never again quite be matched in respect of any of these great writers.
Walter Thomas Jr|A Man can Live two Weeks without Food,go two days without Water,and two minutes without Air,and apparently,an entire lifetime without a BRAIN.
Mark Twain|Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health; everything absolute belongs to pathology.
Michael Ruse|It is easy, out of laziness, out of weakness, to throw oneself into the lap of deity, saying, 'I couldn't help it; the way was set.' But think of the glory of the choice!
Ruth Reichl|The fact is, I love to feed other people. I love their pleasure, their comfort, their delight in being cared for. Cooking gives me the means to make other people feel better, which in a very simple equation makes me feel better. I believe that food can be a profound means of communication, allowing me to express myself in a way that seems much deeper and more sincere than words. My Gruyere cheese puffs straight from the oven say 'I'm glad you're here. Sit down, relax. I'll look after everything.'- Ann Patchett, "Dinner For One, Please, James
Noam Shpancer, The Good Psychologist|...knowledge imprisons you. You cannot escape it. What you know you cannot unknow. That's why knowledge is dangerous. Learning will redefine your world, irreversibly.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|One—about cigarettes—I was pleased to see that anticigarette ad on the back issue of Hustler. I'm more offended by seeing ads for cigarettes in magazines than pictures of vaginas, because one kills and the other gives life—and I think that's an important difference.
Woody Allen|If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative.
Kathleen Valentine, The Old Mermaid's Tale: A Novel of the Great Lakes|I remember the strength of her body writhing inside the velvet. And, suddenly, the velvet was gone as though my greedy hands had worn it away and she stood flushed and trembling before me. I forgave every complaint I had leveled against God at the sight of her tremulous beauty—wisps of curls like trickles of burgundy trailing over breasts as plump and round as a pair of bandy hens fattened up for Sunday dinner. I could scarcely touch her. My fingertips traveled over her roundness. In rashness I gathered her to me, pressed against her ... lay her down. I was inside her before her back touched the sheets. Her sighs could give birth to new stars.
Pew Research Center, The Next America: Boomers, Millennials, and the Looming Generational Showdown|And so it had been going on week after week. Month after month. That was what was so discouraging, that it went on so endlessly. Hadn't he once believed that it was all over? The worst thing was that it went on. And on, and on, with no end in sight.
Amy Andrews, Limbo: The Joy Valentine Mysteries Book 1|You still do that thing, you know,” she said.“What thing?” He raised an eyebrow.Miranda smiled. “That thing where you say what I’m thinking. That thing.”“Oh,” Bryan began, “I suppose it comes from years of having to read your mind to figure out what was going on in there.” He folded his arms across his chest. “Your turn.
G.G. Silverman, Vegan Teenage Zombie Huntress|I felt bad for the girls in my school, who flocked to prom like it was the second coming of Christ, complete with double-rainbows and unicorns.
Twinkle Khanna|People always ask, 'Man, why don't you come out and enjoy it? Why don't you celebrate? Why don't you have any fun?' My fun is Sundays. Anybody can go to the club. You don't have to be good at going to the club to go to the club. You have to be good to be playing on Sundays, and to me, that's what's cool.
Zooey Deschanel|I just grew up watching a lot of movies. I'm attracted to this genre and that genre, this type of story, and that type of story. As I watch movies I make some version of it in my head that isn't quite what I'm seeing - taking the things I like and mixing them with stuff I've never seen before.
Syed Sharukh|Instagram: People love me no matter what.Facebook: People used to love me.YouTube: People will always love me.Google+: Someday, people will, I know.Twitter: I don't care, guys.
Cynthia Sue Larson, RealityShifters Guide to High Energy Money|There will always be businesses and companies, trying to make money from you, but that’s not the problem. The real problem is that you’re feeding the Beast. You’re allowing him to run free and overpower your Angel, and that is reflected in your financial life. It’s the reason your paycheck comes and goes, and it makes prosperity impossible.
Barbara Pym, Excellent Women|I stretched out my hand towards the little bookshelf where I kept cookery and devotional books, the most comfortable bedside reading.
George W. Bush|I remember seeing this video for the first time in college - miserable, half-drunk on Keystone Light, a Camel Light smoldering in my mouth, about to desperately tap-dance my way through another social interaction - and saying out loud: "I fucking *get* you, Bee Girl.
Amy Sommers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night... You turned red, then green, and then blue. You told me you were trying to fit in with the m&m's.
Yami Gautam|In money, and in life, you are very often your own worst enemy. You promise yourself you're going to diet, then eat not one or two French fries but a whole plate. You decide to really commit to saving for retirement, only to wind up with a new pair of shoes in your closet.
Mayur Ramgir, Evolve Like a Butterfly: A Metamorphic Approach to Leadership|Convince yourself that you can do it, and the rest of the world will automatically be convinced
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|As I suspect is true of many who write for a living, as I write I think about all sorts of things. I don't necessarily write down what I'm thinking; it's just that as I write I think about things. As I write, I arrange my thoughts. And rewriting and revising takes my thinking down even deeper paths.
Sachin sawariya|What is to you "received" it is "enough" The unlimited happiness is in these two words The person who has won "for himself"One day his "death" and all are forget himBut the person who has live "others"He is would be "remembered" even after death always
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Do not desire chiefly to be cherished and consoled by God; desire above all to love Him.Do not anxiously desire to have others find consolation in God, but rather help them to love God.Do not seek consolation in talking about God, but speak of Him in order that He may be glorified.If you truly love Him, nothing can console you but His glory. And if you seek His glory before everything else, then you will also be humble enough to receive consolation from His hand: accepting it chiefly because, in showing His mercy to us, He is glorified in our souls.
Aaron Burr|In both business and personal life, I've always found that travel inspires me more than anything else I do. Evidence of the languages, cultures, scenery, food, and design sensibilities that I discover all over the world can be found in every piece of my jewelry.
Rick Riordan|You promised, Seaweed Brain. We would not get separated! Ever again!” “You’re impossible!” “Love you too!
Joseph Campbell|I think faith is incredibly important because you will become overwhelmed with what's happening and you will have waves of grief, but when you turn to your faith, I believe God will give you waves of grace to get through it.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Yo me salgo desnudo a la calle,maduro de versos perdidos.I step naked into the streetripe with lost poems.
Oswald Mosley, Ich glaube an Europa: Ein Weg aus der Krise, eine Einführung in das europäische Denken|Als it is hard for America to fight wars in the name of freedom, if those people themselves choose for nonfreedom. Can America and England save India from communism, if they vote communist themselves.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|I think the best stories always end up being about the people rather than the event, which is to say character-driven.
Katie Reus, Fatal Deception|Meeting Harrison hadn’t been part of her plan, but once she’d met him, walking away from him had never been an option. Now she wondered if he’d be the one to walk away from her when he knew the truth about her past. He’d been so brutally honest with her about his own life and his career with the CIA before he’d started working for Red Stone Security. But she’d kept her secrets.
Elizabeth LeSeur|Let us love. Let our lives be a perpetual song of love for God, first of all, and for all human beings who suffer, love, and mourn. Let deep joy live in us. Let us be like the lark, enemy of the night, who always announces the dawn and awakens in each creature the love of light and life. Let us awaken others to the spiritual life.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|Times will change. Peace changes even the worst of killers," Ruth said."Into what?" Ezekiel asked.
Benjamin Haydon|The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|I’d tell men and women in their midtwenties not to settle for a job or a profession or even a career. Seek a calling. Even if you don’t know what that means, seek it. If you’re following your calling, the fatigue will be easier to bear, the disappointments will be fuel, the highs will be like nothing you’ve ever felt.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|People get stupid when they're in love; people want what they can't have; and the years between ages twelve and eighteen always, always suck.
Erica Jong|Often I find that poems predict what I'm going to do later in my own writing, and often I find that poems predict my life. So I think poetry is the most intense expression of feeling that we have.
Jeffrey Fry|We can only be used by God after we allow Him to show us the deep, hidden areas of our own character.
Lady Gaga|Amy [Winehouse] changed pop music forever, I remember knowing there was hope, and feeling not alone because of her. She lived jazz, she lived the blues.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|The job wouldn't be just put the summer, but for a long time, as long as she could see ahead. Once they were used to the money coming in it would be impossible to do without again.
Elizabeth Peters, The Deeds of the Disturber|When, oh when will justice and reason prevail, and Woman descend from the pedestal on which Man has placed her (in order to prevent her from doing anything except standing perfectly still) and take her rightful place beside him?
C. JoyBell C.|There is no such thing as a "broken family." Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents. Families are made in the heart. The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut. If you cut those ties, those people are not your family. If you make those ties, those people are your family. And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you.
Mark Frauenfelder|I had my bad-boy moment in my teens. I'll never do that again. It wasn't pleasant, and I learned my lesson. It was sexy and mysterious, and it's like, 'Look how cool they are,' but it's just not worth it. He was lying to me and accusing me of cheating - but then I realized he was the one cheating.
Carl Sagan, Contact|If God is omnipotent and omniscient, why didn't he start the universe out in the first place so it would come out the way he wants? Why's he constantly repairing and complaining? No, there's one thing the Bible makes clear: The biblical God is a sloppy manufacturer. He's not good at design, he's not good at execution. He'd be out of business, if there was any competition.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|My peak? Would I even have one? I hardly had had anything you could call a life. A few ripples. some rises and falls. But that's it. Almost nothing. Nothing born of nothing. I'd loved and been loved, but I had nothing to show. It was a singularly plain, featureless landscape. I felt like I was in a video game. A surrogate Pacman, crunching blindly through a labyrinth of dotted lines. The only certainty was my death.
Epicurus|Om rubed his head. This wasn't god-like thinking. It seemed simpler when you were up here. It was all a game. You forgot that it wasn't a game down there. People died. Bits got chopped off. We're like eagles up here, he thought. Sometimes we show tortoise how to fly. Then we let go.
Swami Dhyan Giten|I have always had the capacity to go within myself and to discover the silence within, the inner meditative quality, the inner source of love and truth – the inner language of silence.Now I also notice that this silence is going deeper, and that I go beyond the ego and disappear into the silence.First this brought up fear, but now I am enjoying this meditation of disappering into the silence and to be nobody. I have started experimenting with this phenomenon to understand how to consciously go beyond the ego: yesterday when I took a cofee at a restaurant, I consciously turned my attention within and disappeared into the silence, which was like finding an inner source of bliss. In aloneness, I experiment with being consciously alone as a door to be egoless. In conscious aloneness, the ego can not function. In aloneness, your are not. When I am walking, I consciously experiment with being with Existence without having the mind constantly commenting. I try to just be wordlessly with the people and situations that I meet on my walk. When I can just be with Existence, it opens the door to be one with the Whole.
Greg L. Turnquist|In times of long established peace, when the tradition of generations has established the illusion of the profoundest human security, men's minds are not greatly distressed by grotesqueness and absurdity in their political forms. It is all part of the humour and the good-humour of life. When one believes that all the tigers in the jungle are dead, it is quite amusing to walk along the jungle paths in a dressing-gown with a fan instead of a gun.
Tiesto|In any small town, sports are really important to the high school, and I wasn't very good at sports.
Amor Towles|When Washington visited Portsmouth in 1789, he was not much impressed by the architecture of the little town that had stood by him so stoutly in the struggle for independence.
Lorrie Moore, Anagrams|I know the best moments can never be captured on film, even as I spend nearly half my life trying to do just that.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Not anyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere.
Steven Magee|Having studied the toxic biological effects of wireless radio frequency (RF) radiation, I find it amazing that women will willfully strap on two radio frequency antennas to their breasts in the form of an underwired bra. The wireless industry knows the underwired bra as a dipole antenna or doublet.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|He told me that the phrase “the happiest days of your life” referred to your school days.This seemed nonsensical to me then, and I suspected it of being either adult propaganda or, more likely, confirmation of my creeping suspicion that the majority of adults actually had no memories of being children.
Kahlil Gibran, A Tear and a Smile|On Saturday mornings Mr Ewing would make his rounds, giving each tradesman £1 and the apprentices, ten shillings. Needless to say, we were all peeping around corners awaiting his arrival!
Emily Thorne|In the moment we're born, we're drawn to form a union with others. An abiding drive to connect, to love, to belong. In a perfect union, we find the strength we cannot find in ourselves. But the strength of the union cannot be known until it is tested.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|I felt like I was in danger of vanishing, though at the same time the feelings I had were so raw and overwhelming that I often wished I could find a way of losing myself altogether, perhaps for a few months, until the intensity diminished.
Mary Anne Radmacher|living eulogy.she danced.she sang. she took.she gave.she loved.she created.she dissented. she enlivened.she saw. she grew. she sweated.she changed.she learned. she laughed.she shed her skin.she bled on the pages of her days,she walked through walls,she lived with intention.
Cynthia Eden, A Bit of Bite|As a kid, she'd always loved Halloween. A magic night. A night when anything could happen. Monsters could be real. Magic could whisper in the air.
Phillip Cary, Good News for Anxious Christians: Ten Practical Things You Don't Have to Do|We typically misunderstand what's wrong about consumerism. It's not that it makes us love material things too much. To be a good consumer, you have to desire to get lots of things, but you must not love any of them too much once you have them. Consumerism needs children who do not stay attached to their toys for very long and learn to expect the next round of presents as soon as possible. When consumerism succeeds, our attachments are shallow, easily broken, so we can move on to the next thing we're supposed to get. Being a good consumer means desiring new things, not cherishing old ones. And the new things you're supposed to desire are not always material things. Spirituality is now a consumerist enterprise, too.
Neil Gaiman|I believe we have an obligation to read for pleasure, in private and in public places. If we read for pleasure, if others see us reading, then we learn, we exercise our imaginations. We show others that reading is a good t
Henry de Vere Stacpoole, The Blue Lagoon|Once more and for the last time, the moon flashed above and broke into pieces, and then everything went black.
Scott Hildreth, Baby Girl|He moves suddenly so that his hand is cupping my sex, and one of his fingers sinks slowly into me. His other arm holds me firmly in place around my waist. I suppress my moan. "This is mine," he whispers aggressively. "All mine. Do you understand?" He eases his finger in and out as he gazes down at me, gauging my reaction, his eyes burning. "Yes, yours,
Alex Flinn|I used to joke that if acting didn't work out, poetry was my commonsense fallback.
Yaganesh Derasari|In the cause of expedience and the quest for information, man has always been willing to trump his laws and betray his beliefs to legitimize the torture of those who do not share them.
Leonard Mlodinow, The Drunkard's Walk: How Randomness Rules Our Lives|Perception requires imagination because the data people encounter in their lives are never complete and always equivocal. For example, most people consider that the greatest evidence of an event one can obtain is to see it with their own eyes, and in a court of law little is held in more esteem than eyewitness testimony. Yet if you asked to display for a court a video of the same quality as the unprocessed data catptured on the retina of a human eye, the judge might wonder what you were tryig to put over. For one thing, the view will have a blind spot where the optic nerve attaches to the retina. Moreover, the only part of our field of vision with good resolution is a narrow area of about 1 degree of visual angle around the retina’s center, an area the width of our thumb as it looks when held at arm’s length. Outside that region, resolution drops off sharply. To compensate, we constantly move our eyes to bring the sharper region to bear on different portions of the scene we wish to observe. And so the pattern of raw data sent to the brain is a shaky, badly pixilated picture with a hole in it. Fortunately the brain processes the data, combining input from both eyes, filling in gaps on the assumption that the visual properties of neighboring locations are similar and interpolating. The result - at least until age, injury, disease, or an excess of mai tais takes its toll - is a happy human being suffering from the compelling illusion that his or her vision is sharp and clear.We also use our imagination and take shortcuts to fill gaps in patterns of nonvisual data. As with visual input, we draw conclusions and make judgments based on uncertain and incomplete information, and we conclude, when we are done analyzing the patterns, that out “picture” is clear and accurate. But is it?
Nick Rahall|It is not that we have class prejudice, but only that we find comfort and ease in our own class. And normally there are plenty of people of our own class, or race, or religion to play, live, and eat with, and to marry.
Linda Howard, Now You See Her|This is a small town, so everyone talks. Ironic, isn't it—so few people, so many opinions?
Bill Brandt|A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision; but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
L.M. Browning|Life doesn’t have a singular purpose and yet we try to pigeonhole this infinite gift by searching for a single meaning behind our existence. We hunger for meaning the way a starving man does food—convinced we will waste away without it. As though to experience what it is to be alive weren’t enough to justify drawing breath. Life is a multi-layered practice in exploration, self-definition, connection, and realization. The greatest challenge presented to us as human beings is to allow the infinite to be infinite; to accept that we will always be the student never the teacher, and allow the truths we’ve gathered to evolve because what we seek to understand is a living thing and is in a perpetual state of change. Humanity’s progression of understanding is open-ended. Anyone who professes mastery only shows their ignorance of the infinite procession of enlightenment of which they are a part. Each of us get to add a line into the coverless tome of understanding, which has no beginning and no end.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each year comes with its own memories! Memories that make us ponder! Memories that shake our nerves and thought to think about things we did, things we could have done, things we should have done, the right time and timing for the yes and no we could have say with courage or humility, the right time and timing of our steps and things we should have never done! When you remember the year, you remember something! Something good or something bad!
Yogesh Datta D., The Garden of Orchids|Are you saying,” he asked slowly, “that I rose in your estimation when you found that I wanted you?”“Of course.”“That’s not the reaction of most people to being wanted.”“It isn’t.”“Most people feel that they rise in their own eyes, if others want them.”“I feel that others live up to me, if they want me....
Nick Cummins|I'm a hacker, but I'm the good kind of hackers. And I've never been a criminal.
Suzanne Enoch, Lady Rogue|Reg: Speaking of blunt, dinner is on my bill tonight, mes amis.Alex: What's the occasion?Augustus: Lady Caroline's agreed to venture out on a picnic with out intrepid hero. Kit: I don't know why you keep insisting she's smitten with me. I've barely spoken five sentences to her.Augustus: It's very simple. Reg has thrown his entire being into pleasing Caroline. She knows every nuance of his thought and character. You, however, are a mystery to be explored, solved, and resolved.
Matt Haig, The Humans|The coffee was never served. It boiled over, spattered them all, and wet a costly tablecloth and the baroness's dress. But it served the end that was desired for it gave rise to many jests and merry peals of laughter.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The less you know, the less your children can learn from you, the more you know, the more they can also learn from you..
Katia Lief, Watch You Die|If his surroundings could have reflected the feelings inside him, the pictures would have been screaming in pain.
Roger Clemens|A certain amount of anger doesn't make us less empathetic, less humane, less loving. It just makes us real.
Steven Herrick, A Place Like This|You see?" The Father whispered as the boy passed without meeting their eyes. "You shouldn't feel ashamed of your problem. Your life experiences oftentimes is the same as someone else's.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|For a long time, my subconscious rested in a dark place, ticking through memories like a jukebox selecting a record...
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|Kache did not know how to rewind his life, how to undo the one thing that had undone him. His world was indeed flat, and he'd fallen off the edge and landed stretched out on a sofa, on pause, while the television pictures moved and the voices instructed him on everything he needed to know about everything--except how to bring his mom and his dad and Denny back from the dead.
Stephen Richards|...I realized that rewards are not the goal- if one seeks the ultimate it will elude you. The reward is life itself, in its richness, in its sadness, and joy.
|Allowing yourself to get lost in the crowd would be such a painful disappointment to your positive inner-self, because you truly have a positive purpose on earth to fulfill.
Louis Guanella|The heart of a Christian, who believes and feels, cannot pass the hardships and deprivations of the poor without helping them.
Paul Marshall, Blind Spot: When Journalists Don't Get Religion|How well it had suited me, that absolute license to march up to evildoers and demand who, what, where, when and why?
Michael Dirda|Christmas is a rare occasion when we are reminded that we have obligations to people we did not choose to be related to, and that love is not just a spontaneous feeling but something we sometimes really have to work at, with people we may not even much like.
Holly Black, Valiant|She'd always been a little contemptuous of beauty, as though it was something you had to trade away some other vital thing for.
Jeremy Aldana|A man’s spirit is free, but his pride binds him with chains of suffocation in a prison of his own insecurities
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Far too often the ‘things’ that men define as success do little more than successfully destroy the lives of the very men who achieve those ‘things.’ And while I must admit that there is an authentic element of success in all of that, it’s the kind of success that I would much prefer to successfully avoid.
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|A $10,000 investment in Dell at its 1988 initial public offering would have yielded a fortune of ~$6 million at the stock’s peak.
Candice Hern, A Proper Companion|All romantic novels end the same way, but it's the process of getting there that provides all the enjoyment.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Our teens are embedded in a culture driven by competition and perfectionism, where success is defined by status, performance and their appearance.
Elizabeth Gilbert|In five years' time I'd like to be a mum. I want to settle down and have a family, definitely sooner rather than later. I'd like to have finished my second album too, maybe even my third. I'd like a sound that sticks around that other people are inspired by and that people know is me.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz|While I'd like to make movies that are uplifting, there's always that part of you that goes, 'I want to play the evil guy because it's not me.' So anything that is not me is a challenge, and if I rise to the challenge, then I've kind of proved myself.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|The battered and pathetic thing that represented any claim to conscience I might have had turned away from me in disgust. Oddly, I couldn't blame it. I was disgusted myself. Disgusted at my weakness and my lack of resolution, at my refusal to see justice through in the name of the woman who had borne me.
John Ferling, A Leap in the Dark: The Struggle to Create the American Republic|HOW TO MAKE A REVOLUTIONARY CONSCIOUSNESS IS: educate yourself. On the train, for example, read the same two pages of Das Kapital over and over, willing them to make sense.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Real success is not rooted in positions, places or possessions, but in fulfilment of God's purposes for our lives.
Jenn Granneman, The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World|As an introvert, you crave intimate moments and deep connections--and those usually aren't found in a crowd.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|Despair is not for the living but for those unable to rise and continue; they are the only souls with a right to it. It is an end where breath and strength and will have vanished, leaving no way to persevere. To sink into the abyss that is despair is to suffer an existence far worse than death; therefore, cling to its enemy, our ally—hope. For life goes on, and we must not live in despair. We must not.
Johnny Depp|I remember watching the Grammys and looking at the performances and crying to my mom, saying how much I wanted to be there.
Nicholas A. Basbanes, A Gentle Madness: Bibliophiles, Bibliomanes and the Eternal Passion for Books|With thought, patience, and discrimination, book passion becomes the signature of a person's character. 
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|LifeLife is a 'stage'Every day is a book's new page.The most of life you should make,Every difficulty, as an opportunity, you must take.What you make out of life: gain or loss,The choice is finally yours.Always be in the NOWFor everything in life, be in WOW!Life's a precious gift from God to you,One good deed every day, you should do.Perform your duties and your work,and you shall surely invite Lady Luck.Stay positive and have loads of funHave a cheerful life in the long run! Be like the trees, and shine like the SunHelp everyone, expecting nothing in return.Life is a gift, make the most out of itStay happy, healthy, kind and fitSo that your 'play' is remembered Reminisced as a 'Hit'! (Poem Composed by Sangeet Pandey)
Eugene B. Sledge, With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa|The Japanese fought to win - it was a savage, brutal, inhumane, exhausting and dirty business. Our commanders knew that if we were to win and survive, we must be trained realistically for it whether we liked it or not. In the post-war years, the U.S. Marine Corps came in for a great deal of undeserved criticism in my opinion, from well-meaning persons who did not comprehend the magnitude of stress and horror that combat can be. The technology that developed the rifle barrel, the machine gun and high explosive shells has turned war into prolonged, subhuman slaughter. Men must be trained realistically if they are to survive it without breaking, mentally and physically.
David Brin, Earth|People are always doing things for my sake and strangely enough, I'm the one who suffers for it.
Nadine C. Keels, The Song of Nadine|Wherever the hope of glory lives, hopelessness passes away.
Nathan Feuerstein (NF)|Hip hop in my veins, if you cut cut me I will bleed.
Jen Selinsky|When people use you, it does not feel very good. But when God uses you for His purpose, it's the gretest feeling in the world!
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Day by day, hour by hour, minute by minute, God wants us to talk to Him. But are we too busy in our daily lives to speak some words to Him? God reaches out and speaks to us in many various ways. But are we hearing them?
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Place your faith not in the frailness of "Man" but in the power and glory of the creator and observe what happens next......
Eminem|When I rap, I get to express myself in a way where putting words together is like poetry, and sometimes it's better to talk in certain expressions than sing, you know? So I love, I love to rhyme when I want to express certain things.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|At the border of where I will literally not survive so long as I keep living in so much fear of the harsh judgments of others, I am finally conceding the truth to you all.I am finally conceding the truth to me.I am something other than straight.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I do not eat bread. Wheat is of no use to me. The wheat fields have nothing to say to me. And that is sad. But you have hair that is the color of gold. Think how wonderful that will be when you have tamed me! The grain, which is also golden, will bring me back the thought of you. And I shall love to listen to the wind in the wheat...
Winston Graham, Demelza|...Here, beast, you shall be the chairman, and mind you call us to order." He leaned forward and dropped the cat on the empty seat.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|I believed in a return to Nature once. But how can we return to Nature when we have never been with her? Today, I believe that we must discover Nature. After many conquests we shall attain simplicity. It is our heritage.
Youssou N'Dour|All the champions - you go and ask Mike Tyson or Joe Louis, Rocky Marciano, Lennox Lewis and myself included, and I'm sorry for putting myself in line with all the other great names - but the champion's attitude is it doesn't matter who is in front of me, I am going to conquer this person and win the fight and knock the person out.
Eilis O'Neal, The False Princess|It was the kiss of a man who had waited years for the moment, and feared that it would never come again.
Anthony Liccione|People tend to think that money makes them strong, but it's those that learn to survive without it, are truly the stronger.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Does your appearance accurately convey the message of who you are that you are trying to get across? When trying to make an excellent first impression in business but in doubt of what to wear, dress one level up from what is expected—if it's casual, dress in business casual, etc.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|I, who was empty… I made myself believe that I could only fill it.. by falling in love… at that time to me.. in this world around you, Nana... Everything was so shiny that I was blinded. That doesn’t mean that anyone would suit me… I just wanted to be in the same light as you.
Robin Alexander, Next Time|...Do you need a hug?” Payton asked with a smile. Ryann chuckled as Payton walked around the kitchen cabinet and held open her arms. “Come on in.” Ryann wrapped her arms around Payton’s waist and set her chin on her shoulder. “I made that stupid Silent of the Lambs threat again, and she corrected me. That made me furious.” Payton snorted with laughter as she wrapped her arms snugly around her. “Did you ever see the movie?” “No, I don’t like serial killer flicks. Shelly told me about it.” “I didn’t think so. The killer didn’t make meat suits, he took their skin. So when you want to sound really vicious, you say something like… ‘I’ll skin you and wear one of your ass cheeks like a beanie.’” “That’s really gross,” Ryann said as she continued to hold on. “But I suppose ‘I’ll snap you like a broomstick’ doesn’t have the same effect.
Trenice Carter|Is your animosity towards a person warranted, or is it a reflection of your own insecurities?
Kamand Kojouri|I have drunk the night and swallowed the stars. I am dancing with abandon and singing with rapture. There is not a thing I do not love. There is not a person I have not forgiven. I feel a universe of love. I feel a universe of light. Tonight, I am with old friends and we are returning home. The moon is our witness.
Saaif Alam|When you feel confident to take huge risks in life and consistently learn from your mistakes, you will eventually pursue your educational, financial, relationship or physical fitness goals successfully.
Ashly Lorenzana|By judging others, you make yourself easy to judge.
Patrick Mendis|One of the real reasons that Russia’s President Vladimir Putin is so intent on remaining loyal to Syria’s Dictator Bashar Al-Assad, is that in January 2017, Russia and Syria signed a lease to extend Russia's control of its naval facility in the port of Tartus, Syria for 49 years. As with the United States Naval Base in Guantanamo, Cuba, the Russians have sovereign rights over the territory, considered a Material-Technical Support Point and not technically a naval base. The piers are large enough to accommodate four medium-sized vessels but not any of their larger ships of the line, including cruisers or their aircraft carrier. The facility which gives Russia a warm water port, consists of office space, two storage buildings, barracks and a parking garage for about six vehicles. Under the terms of this lease agreement, the Russians also operate Khmeimim Air Base located south-east of the city of Latakia, Syria. The present lease for these military facilities has an extension clause for an additional 25 years.
Fyodor Dostoevsky|Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.
Marita A. Hansen, Behind the Lens|You think everyone pervs you."... "That's cos they do, and you're just jealous, cos I'm gorgeous and you're not." ~ conversation between Dante &Ash
Sunday Adelaja|There are no mighty mountains for the universe, because there are no mountains for the universe, no rivers, no sun and no clouds! There is only universe for the universe, just a single entity!
Sean J Halford, Stronger Than Lions|It’s tragic that most of us spend our private lives paradoxically thinking something is watching us and permanently disapproving. We say we believe in benevolent deities but smear them with hate and the power to smite. We see sin everywhere, when the only sin is when we forget to treat each other with respect. That is the sad secret that makes the Universe vulnerable.
Beth Ditto|Lessons didn't really work out for me, so I went to the old school, listening to records and learning what I wanted to learn.
Aleksandra Layland, Of Wisdom and Valor: The Art of War. The Path of Peace.|After all, plans are one thing; then the battle happens.
Sidney Sheldon, Windmills of the Gods|Sometimes I hate this place. I mean I really, truly, hate it. It offends my narrow-minded and provincial sensibilities regarding good universe design.
Kathryn Holmes|So how did you think about him?” Rachel asks.Hallelujah shrugs. “We were friends. Good friends. He knew—knows—a lot about me. I guess I know a lot about him. Stuff he likes and doesn’t like.”Rachel looks skeptical. “And yet you never knew he liked you.”“No! I mean—when Jonah and I were friends, I liked Luke. So maybe I missed some signs.”“So you just . . . hung out? Platonically?”“Yeah. I guess.” Hallelujah thinks about how to explain it. How to distill a friendship down to its most basic components. “We had choir together last year. We talked. For kind of the first time, even though we’d been in church and school together since fourth grade.”“And, what, you found out you had so much in common?”“Actually, no. But we started comparing music we liked, and a month into ninth grade, Jonah made me this mix of songs. Based on what we’d talked about. So then I made him a mix. And it grew from there. We’d go to each other’s houses, watch movies, listen to music, that kind of thing. Hanging out.”“So tell me about Jonah. Something only you know.”“Um. He’d probably deny it, but he got really into the Harry Potter books. Like, really into them. I loaned him my box set last spring. He got so mad at me for not warning him how Book Six ends.”Rachel laughs. “He didn’t see the movies?”“No. But I told him we couldn’t watch them until he’d finished the books.
T.J. Forrester, Miracles, Inc.: A Novel|Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold.
Enock Maregesi|My novels are set in a global space and pace. However, I have never visited most of the places. I wrote my first book in London but the story took the reader to places in Mexico, Denmark and Russia, and carefully avoided London. I access these global locations with my feet planted in front of my computer. I will use my internet connection to carefully enter the streets of a foreign city and find out how long it will take my main character to get from the airport to the city center – and if there are any shortcuts on the way. I wanted to do something new. The world is becoming a global village and we have to understand these different cultures. There is a Danish culture, an Israeli culture and so on. So if you want to go to Denmark, then read the book.
Idries Shah, Reflections|To drown in treacle is just as unpleasant as to drown in mud.People today are in danger of drowning in information; but because they have been taught information is useful, they are more willing to drown than they need be.If they could handle information, they would not have to drown at all.The lightning said to the oak tree: 'Stand aside, or take what is coming to you!
Devin Daubenspeck|It's a thin line between what we're calling acceptable and not acceptable. As a leader, you're supposed to know when not to cross it. But how do you know? Does the army teach us how to control our emotions? Does the army teach us how to deal with a friend bleeding out in front of you? No.
Leon Uris|Who is left in the ghetto is the one man in a thousand in any age, in any culture, who through some mysterious workings of force within his soul will stand in defiance against any master. He is that one human in a thousand whose indomitable spirit will not bow. He is the one man in a thousand whose indomitable spirit cannot bow. He is the one man in a thousand who will not walk quietly to Umschlagplatz. Watch out for him, Alfred Funk, we have pushed him to the wall.
Vironika Tugaleva|I came on earth for something, I must do something, and I must live and leave not just anything, but something!
Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals|My silences had not protected me. Your silence will not protect you. But for every real word spoken, for every attempt I had ever made to speak those truths for which I am still seeking, I had made contact with other women while we examined the words to fit a world in which we all believed, bridging our differences.
Ginger and Rosa|We had a dream that we would always be best friends. When we were born, for some it was the end. Now it seems there may not be tomorrow. But despite the horror and the sorrow, I love our world. I want us all to live. Now Rosa, you've asked me to forgive. One day, if mom survives this bitter night, then we shall meet again, and I will say, I loved you Rosa. Don't you see? But we are different, you dream of everlasting love. Not me. Because what really matters is to live. And if we do, there will be nothing to forgive. But I'll forgive you anyway.
Dennis E. Adonis|I have to admit that I'm feeling a little anxious these days. We've all been lied to so much. There's just all this uncertainty we're facing...I mean, what if the hokey-pokey ISN'T what it's all about?
Rashod Ollison, Soul Serenade: Rhythm, Blues & Coming of Age Through Vinyl|And there were the warm spaces in the music I loved the most, openings through which I could enter and lay my burdens down. There, behind the groove and riding on the melody, I was complete and free.
Criss Angel|When the mind, body, and spirit work together I believe anything is possible.
Dog Lover|Dogs have always provided a special kind of love and companionship that I experience only some of the time with humans. They have a strong sense of character and live the way we ought to: dogs never compare you to your sister nor make judgments in her favor. Dogs never know what is coming and so live purely in the moment, savoring the good, doing their best to endure the bad--and they offer up this miraculous example so that we can learn from it.
Codi Gary, Bad for Me|Some people just don’t find their Prince Charming straight away, they have to search for him.
Cindy Crawford|As soon as you become a parent, everyone gives you their parenting advice. It's like an onslaught of information about how other people do it.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Perhaps our greatest distinction as a species is our capacity, unique among animals, to make counter-evolutionary choices.
Criss Jami, Healology|Those small moments of pleasure men get from sin, from defying God, are perhaps grace - His final gift still to those who hard-heartedly choose to deny Him. Godless men may blatantly enjoy offending God not because they are free-spirited, but on the whole because He moves them to enjoy it. Sin is, in a sense, still touching God: for a strike involves a touch. Perhaps this is His divine kindness. Faithful men find everlasting fulfillment in His good company; but godless men who strike at the Author of Joy, who are completely ignorant of the greater, for them - and by God's love for His enemies - there is yet this small recoil known as 'pleasure' before the fall.
Sugata Mitra|Most sailing ships take what they call trainees, who pay to be part of the crew. The Picton Castle takes people who are absolutely raw recruits. But you can't just ride along. You're learning to steer the ship, navigation; you're pulling lines, keeping a lookout; in the galley you're cooking.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Of course, everyone's parents are embarrassing. It goes with the territory. The nature of parents is to embarrass merely by existing, just as it is the nature of children of a certain age to cringe with embarrassment, shame, and mortification should their parents so much as speak to them on the street. 
Criss Jami, Healology|Without Christ a people may always have the freedom to do, but never the power to complete.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our schedules are so hectic we can’t get everything done, or else we are bored and restless, constantly looking for something to amuse us. We are the most frantic generation in history—and also the most entertained. The Bible tells us that both extremes are wrong.
Henry Louis Gates|The Montreal Olympics were in July 1976, the bicentennial, at the height of patriotism.
Yash Gupta|Friends were hundred ,Kites were none ,This was the time when I was young.Now the kites are hundred ,Friends are none,Sitting under the flaming sun.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|And besides . . . I don’t want to leave you. Er, you guys.”He smiled, and it lit up his whole face. “Well, ‘we’ are certainly happy to hear that. Oh, and I’m also happy to watch our darling little love child dragon while you’re in St. Louis.”I grinned back.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Stories don't always have happy endings."This stopped him. Because they didn't, did they? That's one thing the monster had definitely taught him. Stories were wild, wild animals and went off in directions you couldn't expect.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|In the end, a lack of compatibility is what ruins relationships. You can't force someone to be an eagle when they are a duck. Nobody wants to fly solo. Dreams were meant to be shared together.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|Well, I've seen porn!" Evan defends and Dan just looks at him. "Okay, captain Pornie, walk me through it," Dan challenges. "I'll be the pizza guy, and Jeff can be the plumber. You can be... hey, why don't you be the high-powered young executive?" Evan grins at him with a glint in his eye. "Okay, fine." He laces his fingers together and flexes them in front of him as if he's warming up. He sits back in chair and his eyes focus on the eaves of Jeff's roof then begins. "The young executive come home after a hard day...[five pages of detailed porn]"...and all fall asleep together on the executives huge bed. The End." Evan is pretty clearly proud of himself, and Dan really blame him. After an appreciative silence, Dan says, "Okay, yeah, so maybe there's some merit to the whole threesome thing.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Om meditation eliminates rigid and fixed views about the world. It creates a spacious, flexible and open views about the world.
Alister E. McGrath, If I Had Lunch with C.S. Lewis: Exploring the Ideas of C.S. Lewis on the Meaning of Life|Greek is a wonderfully rich and expressive language, which makes it one of the harder of the European tongues to learn. The active vocabulary is much bigger than other European languages. The constructions and the different endings are not easy to master, especially if you are an English speaker.
Melvin Udall played by Jack Nicholson in AS GOOD AS IT GETS.|Receptionist: How do you write women so well?Melvin Udall: I think of a man, and I take away reason and accountability.
Paddick Van Zyl  Pr|You can only convey that which you're not, for what you're you only EXPERIENCE!
John Travolta|I grew up with six brothers, and I'm from Chicago, so princesses and Barbie dolls were not around the house. It was more like sports and comic books, so getting to work for Marvel is like my version of being able to be a princess.
Haruki Murakami|Compared to her, Sam ran like a girl and told himself as much.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|A stink. A stench. A foulness in her mind, dreadful and unforgiving. A compost of horrible ideas and rotted thoughts that made her want to take our her brain and wash it.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|It’s dark now and I am very tired. I love you, always. Time is nothing.
Shannon Lucid|I've had women who move to the towns I'm living in, just pack up and move there, never even met 'em before, 'cause they heard I lived there.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|I don’t want to be told when I wake up, terrified by a dream of total annihilation, because of the H-bomb exploding, that people felt that way about the cross-bow. It isn’t true. There is something new in the world. And I don’t want to hear, when I’ve had an encounter with some mogul in the film industry, who wields the kind of power over men’s minds that no emperor ever did, and I come back feeling trampled on all over, that Lesbia felt like that after an encounter with her wine-merchant. And I don’t want to be told when I suddenly have a vision (though God knows it’s hard enough to come by) of a life that isn’t full of hatred and fear and envy and competition every minute of the night and the day that this is simply the old dream of the golden age brought up to date …
Dennis Potter, The Singing Detective|You just don't know writers. They'll use anything, anybody. They'll eat their young.
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|All work is service. If you aren't serving in your work, you really aren't working.
James Hutton, Investigation of Principles|The ancestors of the higher animals must be regarded as one-celled beings, similar to the Amoebae which at the present day occur in our rivers, pools, and lakes. The incontrovertible fact that each human individual develops from an egg, which, in common with those of all animals, is a simple cell, most clearly proves that the most remote ancestors of man were primordial animals of this sort, of a form equivalent to a simple cell. When, therefore, the theory of the animal descent of man is condemned as a 'horrible, shocking, and immoral' doctrine, tho unalterable fact, which can be proved at any moment under the microscope, that the human egg is a simple cell, which is in no way different to those of other mammals, must equally be pronounced 'horrible, shocking, and immoral.
Greg  Curtis|The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!
Charles A. Coulombe, Vicars of Christ: A History of the Popes|There are many instances in history of people who allow their skepticism to cut the nerve of moral effort, and there are numerous people, on the other hand, who are fierce crusaders at the price of fanaticism. In his political commitments the fanatic makes claims for his particular case which cannot be validated by either a transcendent Providence or a neutral posterity.
Debasish Mridha|When humanity suffers from the darkness of violence, I will bring the empathetic, soft, kind, light from the moon to enlighten humanity.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|When someone uses the phrase ‘the prick one’, and you know immediately that this is a synonym for the word ‘metaphorically’, you are entitled to wonder whether you know the speaker too well. You are even entitled to wonder whether you should know her at all.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|Patience isn't tested when it is self-imposed and the duration is self-regulated. Patience is hardly tested when the outcome means little to you. However, when circumstances beyond your control force you to wait with baited breath knowing the outcome will affect your life substantially, that is the true test of patience. It is a cage inside a burning building where every exit is blocked by angels calmly advising you to wait a moment longer. Your choice is to either trust their words or madly claw through them.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Freedom wanders in the landscape of the mind, and nourishes the deepest yearnings of the soul.
Lynn Doyle|It seemed to him that love was like a great fire, and that people went flying here and there among the flame and smoke seeking wildly for some rich jewel; and when they found it the flame died down; and, in the end, time polished the jewel into a calm beautiful thing. And the two who had found it sometimes forgot about this jewel of love, and that they ever possessed it, or shared it with each other. But sometimes, toward the end of their lives, they remembered about love once more, and opened the casket of memory in which it lay, faded but still beautiful, and looked at it again before they went their ways.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn: The Natty Professor: A Master Class on Mentoring, Motivating, and Making It Work!|When I took over as chair of the fashion program, I was horrified that only the faculty member was allowed to speak in a critique. I'm talking about perfectly nurturing teachers. But the rule was there would be no call of hands for students to contribute their feedback. It was embedded in the department's culture. That was alarming to me. When I was teaching, I was the least important person in the room as far as I was concerned--my students' points of view mattered most. I wanted to learn who they were and teach them to respect one another's perspectives.I would start off by saying something like, "I am having trouble understanding how this work solves the problem at hand. Here are some things about the work that I appreciate: X, Y, Z. But I see these virtues independent of the problem we're solving.
Erin Hunter, Ravenpaw's Farewell|I see the pricks of blood the spear has left in his shoulder, and when Mutt slides the door shut, I spring on to Mutt and press my little switchblade to his great bulging neck. I can see his skin sucking in with his pulse. My knife lies right next to it. "I thought you said to beat you on the sand," Mutt says. corr slams the wall of his stall with his hooves. My voice hisses out through a cage of my teeth. "I also said ten drops of your blood for every drop of his." I want a pool of his blood around him like the one beneath Edana. I want him to lie against this wall and whimper like she does.I want him to know he'll never stand again. I want him to remember David Prince's death mask as he wears it for himself.
Yumi Tamura, Basara, Vol. 13|But I've bought a big bat.I'm all ready, you see.Now my troubles are goingTo have troubles with me!
T.H. White, The Candle in the Wind/The Book of Merlyn|Shed not recklessly the blood of another with thy sword,Lest the Sword on High falls upon thy neck.
E.M. Benton, Boone|I never said you had to like it. You have to accept it. No regret."-Clare Harding.
Dinaw Mengestu, How to Read the Air|You are young," replied Athos, "and your bitter memories have time to change into sweet ones.
George Clooney|If you're famous, I don't - for the life of me - I don't understand why any famous person would ever be on Twitter.
Theresa Braun, Dead over Heels|It's not the way I wanted to spend eternity with the man I love, but it will have to do. At least we are together.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|Get up and stop crying my little girl, if you don’t have new clothes to wear don’t worry, still stars are whispering about your beauty.
Todd English|You know as far as diet goes, for a while I was really obsessed with counting fat grams along with the rest of the world.
Yoweri Museveni|If a nation wants to live in peace with its neighbors, it doesn't keep rattling the saber at them.
Johnny Galecki|I've been taking it easy on you, kid, can tell you're having fun. But it's all sensation to you so far. I haven't pushed you, taken you out of yourself, looked for that place inside where you give yourself to your top. Sometimes pleasure can take a bottom there, but more often it's pain that does.
Leonard Slatkin|Ben Roethlisberger is a proven winner in athletic competition. But the measure of a true leader is how they conduct themselves 24/7, not just during a winning touchdown drive or a goal-line stance. Leadership isn't something that gets switched off because the game clock expires.
Nikola Tesla|Fights between individuals, as well as governments and nations, invariably result from misunderstandings in the broadest interpretation of this term. Misunderstandings are always caused by the inability of appreciating one another's point of view. This again is due to the ignorance of those concerned, not so much in their own, as in their mutual fields. The peril of a clash is aggravated by a more or less predominant sense of combativeness, posed by every human being. To resist this inherent fighting tendency the best way is to dispel ignorance of the doings of others by a systematic spread of general knowledge. With this object in view, it is most important to aid exchange of thought and intercourse.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I like to change liquor stores frequently because the clerks got to know your habits if you went in night and day and bought huge quantities. I could feel them wondering why I wasn't dead yet and it made me uncomfortable. They probably weren't thinking any such thing, but then a man gets paranoid when he has 300 hangovers a year.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|I don't think science is hard to teach because humans aren't ready for it, or because it arose only through a fluke, or because, by and large, we don't have the brainpower to grapple with it. Instead, the enormous zest for science that I see in first-graders and the lesson from the remnant hunter-gatherers both speak eloquently: A proclivity for science is embedded deeply within us, in all times, places, and cultures. It has been the means for our survival. It is our birthright. When, through indifference, inattention, incompetence, or fear of skepticism, we discourage children from science, we are disenfranchising them, taking from them the tools needed to manage their future.
Chris Rock|QUINCEFrancis Flute, the bellows-mender.FLUTEHere, Peter Quince.QUINCEFlute, you must take Thisby on you.FLUTEWhat is Thisby? a wandering knight?QUINCEIt is the lady that Pyramus must love.FLUTENay, faith, let me not play a woman; I have a beard coming.
Sunday Adelaja|What will support you consists in your gift, so until you find yourself you will be poor
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I actually started off majoring in computer science, but I knew right away I wasn't going to stay with it. It was because I had this one professor who was the loneliest, saddest man I've ever known. He was a programmer, and I knew that I didn't want to do whatever he did. So after that, I switched to Communications.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|There can't be a quarrel without two parties, and I won't be one. I will be a friend to you in spite of you. So now you know what you've got to expect
Lawrence Wright, Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief|Dina, I’m bored,” Caldenia announced.Too bad. I guaranteed her safety, not entertainment. “What about your game?”Her Grace gave me a shrug. “I’ve beaten it five times on the Deity setting. I’ve reducedParis to ashes because Napoleon annoyed me. I’ve eradicated Gandhi. I’ve crushed George Washington. Empress Wu had potential, so I eliminated her before we even cleared Bronze Age. The Egyptians are my pawns. I dominate the planet. Oddly, I find myself mildly fascinated by Genghis Khan. A shrewd and savage warrior, possessing a certain magnetism. I left him with a single city, and I periodically make ridiculous demands that I know he can’t meet so I can watch him squirm.
Tory Lanez|When team members trust each other and know that everyone is capable of admitting when they're wrong, then conflict becomes nothing more than the pursuit of truth or the best possible answer.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|I think it's because it shows that people--or hobbits, as the case may be--can find strength they didn't know they had.
Voltaire|I believe that artistic activities change people. You do effect change. I see architecture as a political, social and cultural act - that is its primary role.
Robert Schuler|When you are down to nothing, God is up to somethng. It is up to you to reach out to find what God is up to for you.
Polly Shulman, Enthusiasm|Just let me wait a little while longer,Under your window in the quite snow.Let me stand here and shiver, I’ll be stronger If I can see your light before I go.All through the weeks I’ve tried to keep my balance.Leaves fell, then rain, then shadows, I fell too.Easy restraint is not among my talents,Fall turned to Winter and I came to you.Kissed by the snow I contemplate your face.Oh, do not hide it in your pillow yet!Warm rooms would never lure me from this place,If only I could see your silhouette.Turn on your light, my sun, my summer love.Zero degrees down here, July above.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wisdom Of Sri Chinmoy|It is only through meditation that we can get lasting peace, divine peace. If we meditate soulfully in the morning and receive peace for only one minute, that one minute of peace will permeate our whole day. And when we have a meditation of the highest order, then we really get abiding peace, light and delight. We need meditation because we want to grow in light and fulfill ourselves in light. If this is our aspiration, if this is our thirst, then meditation is the only way.
Jennifer Haigh, Faith|I wanted only a familiar voice, someone who knew me. Not some earlier, larval version of myself. . .
Daisaku Ikeda|It is senseless to blame others or your environment for your miseries. Change begins from the moment you muster the courage to act. When you change, the environment will change. The power to change the world is found nowhere but within our own life.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|You know all about love, but that is not enough. You must also learn that hate comes from God as well, that it too is in the Lord's service. And in times like these, with the world fallen to the state it has, hate serves God more than love.
Gisele Bundchen|Trust gives you the permission to give people direction, get everyone aligned, and give them the energy to go get the job done. Trust enables you to execute with excellence and produce extraordinary results. As you execute with excellence and deliver on your commitments, trust becomes easier to inspire, creating a flywheel of performance.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your suffering needs to be respected. Don't try to ignore the hurt, because it is real. Just let the hurt soften you instead of hardening you. Let the hurt open you instead of closing you. Let the hurt send you looking for those who will accept you instead of hiding from those who reject you.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Dream Song of Thunders:Sometimes I go about pitying Myself, While I am carried by the wind Across the sky. 
Mehek Bassi|What is a price? It is a proposed point of agreement between a buyer and seller. The proposal is the key. It is not a marching order. Past prices represent deals done in history. Current prices represent possible deals in the future. Prices embed vast information about perceived realities: resource availability, consumer demand, cultural biases and habits, speculations about the future. The price is also an amazing tool. It provides an objective basis for accounting and the assessment of profit and loss. Without prices, real prices rooted in real market experience, we’d been lost.
William Shakespeare|There will always be those little minds who, out of vanity or intellectual display, will attempt to destroy faith in the very foundations of life.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Childhood is this time of magic and monsters; hoping for one and fearing the other... The worst part of being a kid is discovering which one exists... So, I chose to believe in magic.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One can approach the Bible with a cold, rationalistic attitude, or one can do so with reverence and the desire to hear God speak.
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|we are threatened with suffering from three directions: from our body, which is doomed to decay..., from the external world which may rage against us with overwhelming and merciless force of destruction, and finally from our relations with other men... This last source is perhaps more painful to use than any other. (p77)
D.H. Barbara|She despised weakness, especially her own. She'd seared most of heremotional needs with the white-hit iron of self-reliance andindependence years before.~Angels Unaware
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|If you do bad stuff and don't repent, you go to hell," Orc said, like he was begging for a refutation."Yeah, well, you know what? If Howard's in hell, I guess we can all have a big get-together soon enough. a
Sunday Adelaja|You have to work on it. You have to meditate on God’s Word, which itself will change you and transform you into the image and character of God.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|What the hell was that?” he asked no-one in particular. “Did they ram us?”“Uh – negative, sir.” Marnetti offered, reading an instrumental assessment from his display, “It seems we were hit by some kind of pulse wave generated by their jump.”“Their jump? – You mean by arriving they nearly killed us?”Marnetti nodded, continuing, “Range 0.5 kilometers, Captain. Holding steady. No recognized weapons activity.”“Damage report.” He ordered, feeling his way back into his seat, eyes glued to the viewscreen.“Shield 2 down, 1 is buckling.” Pluddeman choked.“Power stable, all systems holding steady,” Marnetti added, now rubbing some bruises.“Any communications?”“Nothing, sir. Static on all frequencies.”“What are they doing?”“Nothing, sir. Waiting maybe.”“Waiting, my ass!” Dayne barked. “They must be sizing us up!
Myra Yadav|Fall several times doesn't matter, how many times you stand up matters
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Cloak & Silence|Lying mouth to mouth, kiss to kiss in the pillow dark, loin to loin in unbelievable surrendering sweetness so distant from all our mental fearful abstractions it makes you wonder why men have termed God antisexual somehow (p. 148)
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|Don't feel better than anybody, because you feel like something. Always have it at the back of your mind that you were nothing before you became something, and that thing you supposed to be is absolutely nothing.
Aimee Carter, The Goddess Inheritance|Keep her downstairs a minute!' I breathed desperately. I don't know why; you don't want your agonies of soul witnessed by a woman. ("Nightmare")
Todd Stocker, REFINED: Turning Pain into Purpose|Even in hardship, God’s goodness prevails.
Gustave Flaubert|The anarch sticks to facts, not ideas. He suffers not for facts but because of them, and usually through his own fault, as in a traffic accident. Certainly, there are unforeseeable things – maltreatments. However, I believe I have attained a certain degree of self-distancing that allows me to regard this as an accident.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Change your life by following the desires of your heart, aiming to achieve your true bliss; creating your own part of heaven here on earth.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a piece of art drawn by love on the canvas of hope with the colors of desires, wants, and needs.
J.R. Tompkins|Writing is a lifelong disease. Once contracted, the only prescription is to write constantly in whatever form to express your condition, in whatever construction to carry your words beyond you.
Du Fu|To the rocket scientist, you are a problem. You are the most irritating piece of machinery he or she will ever have to deal with. You and your fluctuating metabolism, your puny memory, your frame that comes in a million different configurations. You are unpredictable. You're inconstant. You take weeks to fix. The engineer must worry about the water and oxygen and food you'll need in space, about how much extra fuel it will take to launch your shrimp cocktail and irradiated beef tacos. A solar cell or a thruster nozzle is stable and undemanding. It does not excrete or panic or fall in love with the mission commander. It has no ego. Its structural elements don't start to break down without gravity, and it works just fine without sleep.To me, you are the best thing to happen to rocket science. The human being is the machine that makes the whole endeavor so endlessly intriguing.
S.M. Boyce, Lichgates|But that’s the trouble with moments—they end." ~Narrator
Al Gore|We see our customers as invited guests to a party, and we are the hosts. It's our job every day to make every important aspect of the customer experience a little bit better.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|May it [American independence] be to the world, what I believe it will be, (to some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all,) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves, and to assume the blessings and security of self-government. That form which we have substituted, restores the free right to the unbounded exercise of reason and freedom of opinion. All eyes are opened, or opening, to the rights of man. The general spread of the light of science has already laid open to every view the palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately... These are grounds of hope for others. For ourselves, let the annual return of this day forever refresh our recollections of these rights, and an undiminished devotion to
Samuel R. Delany, Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand|I can't admit of an old boy of a God who takes walks in his garden with a cane in his hand, who lodges his friends in the belly of whales, dies uttering a cry, and rises again at the end of three days; things absurd in themselves, and completely opposed, moreover, to all physical laws, which prove to us, by the way, that priests have always wallowed in turpid ignorance, in which they would fain engulf the people with them.
Joan Oliver Goldsmith, How Can We Keep from Singing: Music and the Passionate Life|In my box of sound bites there are no jackhammers, no snowmobiles, no Jet Skis, no children wailing. Music but no Muzak.It's my box. Put what you want in yours.
J. Scott Savage, Water Keep|Objects and ObjectivesTo contemplate LEGO. Many colours. Many shapes. Many inventive and useful shapes. Plastic. A versatile and practical substance. Symbolic of the resourcefulness of man. Oil taken from the depths of the very earth. Distillation of said raw material. Chemical processes. Pollution. Creating a product providing hours of constructive play. For children all over the world. Teaching our young. Through enjoyment. Preparing them for further resourcefulness. The progress of our kind.A book. Many books. Proud liners of walls. Fingered. Taken out with great care. Held open. Gazed upon / into with something like awe. A medium for the recording of and communication of knowledge. From the many to the many. Down the ages. And of art. And of love. But do you hear the trees outside whispering? Do their voices haunt you? No wonder. They are calling for their brothers. Pulped. Pressed. Coated. Printed. Bound. And for their other brothers which made the shelves to hold them. And for the roof over them as well.From the very beginning - everything at cost. A cave man, to get food, had to deal with the killing. And the bones from one death proved very useful for implementing the death of another.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Yet, for my part, I was never usually squeamish; I could sometimes eat a fried rat with a good relish, if it were necessary. I am glad to have drunk water so long, for the same reason that I prefer the natural sky to an opium-eater’s heaven. I would fain keep sober always; and there are infinite degrees of drunkenness. I believe that water is the only drink for a wise man; wine is not so noble a liquor; and think of dashing the hopes of a morning with a cup of warm coffee, or of an evening with a dish of tea! Ah, how low I fail when I am tempted by them! Even music may be intoxicating. Such apparently slight causes destroyed Greece and Rome, and will destroy England and America. Of all ebriosity, who does not prefer to be intoxicated by the air he breathes?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|35.	Not every environment accepts the progress you want to put across. Take a second look at what you dream about, be sure it can progress very well at where you are; Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not fertile grounds for a farmer’s dream seeds. Go and relocate!
Chief Luther Standing Bear Oglala Sioux|Electrical earth (ground) cables are all energized with radio frequencies (RF). Generally the further away from the ground rod you go, the more RF that you will find.
J.D. Robb, Thankless in Death|Life is like a game, once your piece is on the board there is no leaving until you have finished. It does not matter how you finished just that you pass the line...
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|I love the smell of a new book, but I prefer inhaling fresh bottles of ink and glue. They get me more lightheaded – unless I read the book.
Barack Obama|I, Master John Hus, in chains and in prison, now standing on the shore of this present life and expecting on the morrow a dreadful death, which will, I hope, purge away my sins, find no heresy in myself, and accept with all my heart any truth whatsoever that is worthy of belief.
Tasha Hoggatt|It is important that you never place limitations on learning, personal growth, traveling, reading and making a positive difference in your life and others.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|With positive attitude, you can overcome any problem.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|It’s good to go off and write a novel, but don’t stop doing writing practice.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|Something potent, something that fused them together, that made her beginning entwine with his end, passed between them. He'd marked her his.And she didn't want to fight it.
Wes  Moore, The Other Wes Moore: One Name, Two Fates|Failing doesn't make us a failure. But not trying to do better, to be better, does make us fools.
David Baddiel|Yeah! "I love you" is subject to the law of diminishing returns; like one or two other critical weekly elements of a relationship, it loses a bit of thrilling value every time you get it out.'... That's what happens with "I love you", that same phrase that you once shouted Hollywood or Heathcliff-like in the lashing raining, now- now you are saying it dumbly at the end of every phone conversation, a follow-on from," I'll be back for dinner." Once it came out spontaneous rush, it forced itself out; now it's reflex.
Valentino Garavani|Today, if you want to access a typical out-of-print book, you have only one choice - fly to one of a handful of leading libraries in the country and hope to find it in the stacks.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|This man was being kept alive by those machines. Someone was trying to help him. They were just trying to help. All the horrible things we've seen are just people trying to help, aren't they? To make the work a little easier, and the world a little easier for people to live in. And it turned into a nightmare.
Jon Ronson|The word forever had been coming up a lot during my two years among the publicly shamed. Jonah and Justine and people like them were being told, 'No. There is no door. There is no way back in. We don't offer any forgiveness.' But we know that people are complicated and have a mixture of flaws and talents and sins. So why do we pretend that we don't?
Anaïs Nin|One discovers that destiny can be diverted, that one does not have to remain in bondage to the first wax imprint made on childhood sensibilities. Once the deforming mirror has been smashed, there is a possibility of wholeness. There is a possibility of joy.
Scarlett Johansson|You have to question a cinematic culture which preaches artistic expression, and yet would support a decision that is clearly a product of a patriarchy-dominant society, which tries to control how women are depicted on screen. The MPAA is okay supporting scenes that portray women in scenarios of sexual torture and violence for entertainment purposes, but they are trying to force us to look away from a scene that shows a woman in a sexual scenario which is both complicit and complex. It’s misogynistic in nature to try and control a woman’s sexual presentation of self. I consider this an issue that is bigger than this film
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|I’m not sure if I managed to respond or not; maybe it was all just in my head, a dream, like all others, in which he sneaks into my head when I don’t have any power to hold him at arm’s length.But William was right about one thing.I did have sweet dreams, or maybe it was just a beautiful nightmare.
Izey Victoria Odiase|I will, without hesitation, walk away from anything and anyone that threatens my peace or sense of self.
Corazon Aquino|If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
Cathy Ostlere, Karma|Freedom is for the educated people who fought for it. We were slaves of the English, now we will be slaves of the educated Indians—or the Pakistanis.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Breath: A Practice for Our Busy Lives|We have negative mental habits that come up over and over again. One of the most significant negative habits we should be aware of is that of constantly allowing our mind to run off into the future. Perhaps we got this from our parents. Carried away by our worries, we're unable to live fully and happily in the present. Deep down, we believe we can't really be happy just yet—that we still have a few more boxes to be checked off before we can really enjoy life. We speculate, dream, strategize, and plan for these "conditions of happiness" we want to have in the future; and we continually chase after that future, even while we sleep. We may have fears about the future because we don't know how it's going to turn out, and these worries and anxieties keep us from enjoying being here now.
Devin Madson, The Blood of Whisperers|The gods say that a man is made the way he is for a purpose, and to seek to alter that is -" "Then let the gods live a day in my skin before they judge me.
Sappho, If Not, Winter: Fragments of Sappho|Harry... take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parents...
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There are times when it is appropriate, even preferable, to get an erection when someone's face is in close proximity to your penis.This was not one of those times.
Susin Nielsen, Optimists Die First|Optimists think badly, but live well.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|Delivering a commencement address is a great responsibility, or so I thought until I cast my mind back to my own graduation. The commencement speaker that day was the distinguished British philosopher Baroness Mary Warnock. Reflecting on her speech has helped me enormously in writing this one, because it turns out that I can't remember a single word she said. This liberating discovery enables me to proceed without any fear that I might inadvertently influence you to abandon promising careers in business, the law, or politics for the giddy delights of becoming a gay wizard.You see? If all you remember in years to come is the 'gay wizard' joke, I've come out ahead of Baroness Mary Warnock. Achievable goals: the first step to self-improvement.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|I thought about the screws and their happiness. Maybe they were glad to be free of the eggbeater, to be independent screws, to luxuriate on white trays. It did feel good to see them happy.
Ambrose Bierce|You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.
Kevin Durant|The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil.
Auliq-Ice|Never give up because when you give up, dreams get lost.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Maybe the Society was right all along. From the very beginning, that’s what they called her. A time bomb.Tick, tick, tick.
Sam J. Miller, The Art of Starving|Yes, I might have been quiet and shy, the kind of person who did my best to keep my head down just to get through the day. But even then, I had never let people walk all over me. Even in the days when I didn't know a left hook from a karate chop, I'd still always found my own ways of fighting for the things I believed in.
Clifford A. Pickover, The Physics Book: From the Big Bang to Quantum Resurrection, 250 Milestones in the History of Physics|Racism in impenetrable. Staying in America means always fighting. For our own sanity and safety, we must go.
Susan C. Young|Reframing encourages you to say, ‘Let’s look at this another way.’ By changing the frame around a situation, you not only change your perception of it, but its meaning for you as well. If you were to take one painting and view it in three different frames, each combination would offer a completely different presentation. Your perceptions work the same way.
Tuesdays with Morrie|Everyone knows they're going to die, but nobody believes it. If we did, we would do things differently
Gabby Douglas|Feminists of my mother's generation argued that both mom and dad should work a little less and each do some of the household chores. My parents, for example, split everything 50/50. Even though my father is a terrible cook, he still made dinner exactly half the time.
Mary MacLane, My Friend Annabel Lee|Happiness is in contentment, gratitude, and love. It is a lifestyle, not a location.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|O Hero, what a Hero hadst thou been.
Lauren Conrad|Love is not a maybe thing, you know when you love someone.
Deborah Bull|If you want to treat China as an enemy, you have a much better chance of making them an enemy than if you treat them as a potential friend.
Sherry K. White, Walking in the Father's Riches: The Prosperity of Sonship|Prosperity of wicked men runs like a torrent past, and soon is spent.
Ann Aguirre, Outpost|Consider that fact that, being nothing in ourselves, we cannot, without divine assistance, accomplish the smallest good or advance the smallest step toward Heaven.
L. Frank Baum, The Road to Oz|You have some queer friends, Dorothy,' she said.The queerness doesn't matter, so long as they're friends,' was the answer
Jennifer Beals|The most romantic thing someone did was surprise me at the airport, after being away for 3 months in Los Angeles. You always see people with signs, and you're like, 'Isn't that lovely?' and then you see your own name on one - that isn't a taxi driver's! I was very impressed.
Akshay Vasu|Love is the only thing in this whole universe, that can make the roses grow out of the swords.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Given the reality of unintended parenthood and parental unhappiness, one would think that women and men who make the decision not to have children - who are deliberate and thoughtful about the choice to bring another person into the world - would be seen as less selfish than those who unthinkingly have children. Yet the stigma remains.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Adventures of Sally|Boyhood, like measles, is one of those complaints which a man should catch young and have done with, for when it comes in middle life it is apt to be serious.
George Watsky, How to Ruin Everything Deluxe: Essays|How come if people keep telling me I'm so smart, I keep doing such stupid things?
Christopher Pike, The Hollow Skull|Tormented by an unworldly hunger, yet not knowing how to satisfy it.
Lauren Myracle|I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|When Janie looked out of her door she saw the drifting mists gathered in the west -- that cloud field of the sky -- to arm themselves with thunders and march forth against the world. Louder and higher and lower and wider the sound and motion spread, mounting, sinking, darking.
Charles Benedict Davenport, Eugenics, the Science of Human Improvement by Better Breeding|Once upon a time, there was a generation of parents who were certain that Elvis Presley's unashamed hip-swivellingvwas most certainly the end of society.
Antonio Lobo Antunes|Obama has been attacked repeatedly for not wearing a flag pin, with Republicans claiming that his patriotism is in question. It's all a bit silly.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Modern life seems set up so that we can avoid loneliness at all costs, but maybe it's worthwhile to face it occasionally. The further we push aloneness away, the less are we able to cope with it, and the more terrifying it gets. Some philosophers believe that loneliness is the only true feeling there is. We live orphaned on a tiny rock in the immense vastness of space, with no hint of even the simplest form of life anywhere around us for billions upon billions of miles, alone beyond all imagining. We live locked in our own heads and can never entirely know the experience of another person. Even if we're surrounded by family and friends, we journey into death completely alone.
Henrik Fisker|Win or lose, star or not, you wait for your car with everyone else, and waiting for your car is a drag.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|You ever try holding, say, even a single chapter of a novel in your head? Consciously? All at once?
Megan Shepherd, Her Dark Curiosity|Sometimes I daydream about merging my body with my computer so that I can more fully enter the landscapes of Google Earth, lush surface world without pollution or traffic, planet seen from the vantage point of space and roving surveillance vehicles, a motionless field, magnifying the normal imperfections and irregularities of the earth so that the planet is rendered transparent, misshapen and yet intoxicating in its languishing distinction from the real.
Cheryl McIntyre, Before Now|I have always been a lone wolf and in the real sense of the word (people say it all the time but it's usually not true.) I feel like I watch people and I wonder why they do things. Especially when it comes to love and relationships: most of the time I am thinking "Why are they together when they are not meant to be together?" but then I realize that they don't know that they're not meant to be together; it's just me who knows things like that! And I don't see any importance in all the other reasons why people usually want to be together— because it looks good, because it's convenient, because it's a fun game to play... the only reason to be with someone is if you are meant for someone. You're a wolf and they're a wolf too and you look at each other and you say "You're my family, you're my home." Well, that's how I think.
Michael J. Sullivan, Theft of Swords|The spirit of the gospel is optimistic; it trusts in God and looks on the bright side of things. The opposite or pessimistic spirit drags men down and away from God, looks on the dark side, murmurs, complains, and is slow to yield obedience.
Walt Whitman|I have said that the soul is not more than the body,And I have said that the body is not more than the soul,And nothing, not God, is greater to one than one's-self is,
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Whoever is first in the field and awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight; whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle will arrive exhausted.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|I come here with no expectations, only to profess, now that I am at liberty to do so, that my heart is and always will be...yours.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|I walk at night under a moonless sky. Only the terrain guides my steps, yet my footfall is as sure as if a dozen suns lit the way. I go to meet you under a leafless tree that never seems to grow or alter its shape. I am uncertain if it still lives or has learned to disguise its death. The same thought crosses my mind when I feel your cold fingers take my hand. It is not the tree I reflect 
Henry Ford|The city is like poetry; it compresses all life, all races and breeds, into a small island and adds music and the accompaniment of internal engines.
A. Antares|Greatness is judged not by the negative things we say but the positive things we do".
Marilyn Monroe|So, one way or another, I found myself in a few movies. I take it seriously when I'm on the set, but I don't take myself seriously as an actor.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|(...)we all recognize a likeness of Shakespeare the instant we see one, and yet we don’t really know what he looked like. It is like this with nearly every aspect of his life and character: He is at once the best known and least known of figures.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Some things don't last forever, but some things do. Like a good song, or a good book, or a good memory you can take out and unfold in your darkest times, pressing down on the corners and peering in close, hoping you still recognize the person you see there.
Harvey Cox|Open your newspaper - any day of the week - and you will find a report from somewhere in the world of someone being imprisoned, tortured or executed because his opinions or religion are unacceptable to his government.
Aristotle|Democracy arose from men's thinking that if they are equal in any respect, they are equal absolutely.
Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches|There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right.
Goldie Hawn|It sounds so nerdy and pathetic, but what I always do on Sunday afternoon is bring my inbox down to zero, which is so sad. But e-mail has become like homework for adults. I'll have 141 messages from people who will be offended if I don't write back.
Krysten Ritter|When you look at the world, everyone in the world who cares about his or her family wants to have a major portion of their assets in the United States because we are the growth country and the freedom loving country.
Denis Johnson, Jesus' Son|Sometimes what I wouldn't give to have us sitting in a bar again at 9:00 a.m. telling lies to one another, far from God.
Mehmet Murat ildan|People of one idea are the poorest people on earth; people of many ideas, people of many different thoughts are the richest people on earth! Only the rich in ideas, only those who have flexible minds will survive in this ever changing universe!
Sophie Swetchine|Question: Why are we Masters of our Fate, the captains of our souls? Because we have the power to control our thoughts, our attitudes. That is why many people live in the withering negative world. That is why many people live in the Positive Faith world.
Rachel Joyce|There was a patient who sat with her family in a circle around her, all holding hands. Sister Philomena asked if they would like to join her for prayers and they said yes, they would. They closed their eyes as Sister Philomena whispered the words and I thought this must be the nearest humans get to whatever God is, when they hold hands and listen.
Ed Catmull|Negative feedback may be fun, but it is far less brave than endorsing something unproven and providing room to grow.
Dave Champion|I close my eyes, knowing that afterward we will fall asleep together on our small mattress, as we do every night, listening to the wind in the palm trees outside our window, believing in our thick dreams that we are capable of nothing cruel.
David Cameron|Women's roles are diminished for obvious reasons. It's the men whose names are on the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, and who were generals and soldiers.
Jay  Nichols, Emily Smiles for April|On a nightstand in a teenager’s room, a glass vase filled with violets leans precariously against a wall. The only thing saving the vase from a thousand-piece death on the hardwood floor is the groove in the nightstand’s surface that catches the bottom of vase, and of course the wall itself. The violets, nearly a week old, droop in the light of a waning gibbous moon. Wrinkled petals are already piling up on the floor between the nightstand and the wall, and a girl only six days sixteen stares at the dying bouquet from her bed.
Marty Rubin|All laughter is subversive, even the laughter of children.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|When I discarded the idea that God was not a man (as I had been raised to think and believe without question), I grew distant, and the flame that once lit my path began to flicker and hiss like a candle burnt to its wick, making longevity impossible without a new energy source.
Kathleen O'Neal Gear, People of the Mist|I enjoy working for my heat. I don't just press a button or twist a thermostat dial. I use the big crosscut saw and the axe, and while I'm getting my heat supply I'm working up an appetite that makes simple food just as appealing as anything a French chef could create.
Jiddhu Krishnamurti|Practice listening to your intuition, your inner voice; ask questions; be curious; see what you see; hear what you hear; and then act upon what you know to be true. These intuitive powers were given to your soul at birth.
Jim Elliot|Are you missing the library again?" Seth asked, startling her as he walked into the room.Kendra turned to face her brother. "You caught me," she congratulated him. "I'm reading.""I bet the librarians back home are panicking. Summer vacation, and no Kendra Sorenson to keep them in business. Have they been sending you letters?""Might not hurt you to pick up a book, just as an experiment."Whatever. I looked up the definition for 'nerd' in the dictionary. Know what it said?""I bet you'll tell me."" 'If you're reading this, you are one.' "You're a riot." Kendra turned back to the journal, flipping to a random page.Seth took a seat on his bed across from her. "Kendra, seriously, I can sort of see reading a cool book for fun, but dusty old journals? Really? Has anybody told you there are magical creatures out there?" He pointed out the window."Has anybody told you some of those creatures can eat you?" Kendra responded. "I'm not reading these just for fun. They have good info.""like what? Patton and Lena smooching?"Kendra rolled her eyes. "I'm not telling. You'll end up in a tar pit.""There's a tar pit?" he said, perking up. "Where?
Robin Sacredfire|After one my breakups, my former girlfriend said we have misunderstandings. We never had. It's just that I was living for the future while she was living for the tomorrow. I couldn't wait for someone unwilling to grow up and able to keep only short term promises.
Dean Keak Tegn|No freedom at all when we give birth to lie. No freedom at all when we hurt other persons' rights. No freedom at all when the leader listens to gossiping. At last, we cannot walk or work because we're free for nothing.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|It's true,' replied Doris with a sniff in Bessy's direction to make her sensible of a victory, even if a minor one. 'It is amazing how so many people go insane. One day a man is a normal, friendly husband and the next he suddenly becomes a raging schizoid and slays his wife and himself as well. The result of what cause? Why, perhaps he chanced to find some schoolgirl treasure of another beau who had been his greatest rival and is stunned to discover that she secretly retains this. But usually the matter is not so simple, you know. Next to nothing may happen, jarring awake some sleeping monstrosity in a man's complex mental machinery and turning him from a sane person to a mentally sick individual. It is wholly impossible to say when a man is sane, for' -she tittered- 'scarce one of us is normal.''You mean - it might happen to any of us?''Of course,' said Doris, charmed by all this interest. 'One moment we are seated here, behaving normally and the next some tiny thing, a certain voice, a certain combination of thoughts may throw out the balance wheel of our intellects and we become potential inmates for asylums the rest of our lives. No, not one of us knows when the world will cease to be a normal, ordinary place. You know, no one ever knows when he goes insane: He supposes it is the world altering, not himself. Rooms become peopled with strange shapes and beings, sounds distort themselves into awful cries and, poof! we are judged insane.''Poof -' said Jacob, feeling weak and ill.("He Didn't Like Cats")
Jess C. Scott, I'm Pretty|You may be married to a star, but that doesn't mean they'll treat you like one.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|What the future held for spirit, Emily could only imagine.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|And when he died, I suddenly realized I wasn't crying for him at all, but for the things he did. I cried because he would never do them again...
R.A. Salvatore|, But the streets need cleaning, brother," Gromph said. "That is why the gods gave us magic, brother," Jarlaxle replied in the same smug tone. "To perform the mundane tasks of life.
Picabo Street|To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them."— Picabo Street
Julie Kagawa, Legion|Go on, just come out with it, whatever it is.” She braced herself against the counter. 	Peter glanced down at the tile floor, and then back up at her, and sighed. “Fine. Here it is. Do you think Witches could have killed my father?
Latika Teotia|Who said that life is a bed of roses and it is smooth sailing all the way? It is full of challenges and is a roller coaster ride with no respite. We have to deal with family issues, break ups, accidents, health issues, deaths and many other unforeseen calamities. Never give up and never ever give in. The challenge is to rise after you fall and come out stronger from that experience. Don’t be afraid, face life bravely and don’t deviate from your main purpose. Enjoy life to the hilt.
Marty Rubin|I told her we were going to get married, and all she could talk about was frogs.She said there's these hills where it's hot and rains all the time, and in the rainforests there are these very tall trees and right in the top branches of the trees there are these like great big flowers called . . . bromeliads, I think, and water gets into the flowers and makes little pools and there's a type of frog that lays eggs in the pools and tadpoles hatch and grow into new frogs and these little frogs live their whole lives in the flowers right at the top of the trees and don't even know about the ground, and once you know the world is full of things like that, your life is never the same.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|To leave, after all, was not the same as being left.
Michael Porter|When I was in junior high school, the teachers voted me the student most likely to end up in the electric chair.
Frans G. Bengtsson, The Long Ships|A wise man, once he is past fifty, does not befuddle his senses with strong drink, nor make violent love in the cool spring night, nor dance on his hands.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the storm, our anchor is hope.
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|Jesus was a suicide, if you ask me.
Matthew Hussey|Once Addie let someone in, she was impossible to forget. There was something about her that crawled inside a person and built a nice comfy home there, her goodness expanding until it filled every limb.
Aldous Huxley|In the contexts of religion and politics, words are not regarded as standing, rather inadequately, for things and events; on the contrary, things and events are regarded as particular illustrations of words.
Hannah More|Forgiveness spares the expense of anger, the cost of hatred, the waste of spirits.
Elizabeth George|Study God’s word to show thyself approved and be prepared for the tests that we are given. They make our faith stronger and our character more mature, so that our lives better glorify the Lord.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|You are today where your decisions have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your decisions will take you. If you really want to know who you are now, take a tour about the decisions you made some years back.
Patrick Carman, Pulse|Sometimes it all becomes too much. Your body and mind will just give way. Part of you may want to blissfully fade into nothing, but you never do. After a while all the memories and emotions make you shut down but never fully disappear—it’s safer for you this way, to be excluded. It’s a time to be alone, to heal, and to find yourself. It doesn’t mean you’ve given up or stopped trying; it just means you know what’s best for you.Breathing is medicine. I forgot how to breathe, but I’m learning all over again.
H.P. Lovecraft, At the Mountains of Madness|They told of dripping stone walls in uninhabited castles and of ivy-clad monastery ruins by moonlight, of locked inner rooms and secret dungeons, dank charnel houses and overgrown graveyards, of footsteps creaking upon staircases and fingers tapping at casements, of howlings and shriekings, groanings and scuttlings and the clanking of chains, of hooded monks and headless horseman, swirling mists and sudden winds, insubstantial specters and sheeted creatures, vampires and bloodhounds, bats and rats and spiders, of men found at dawn and women turned white-haired and raving lunatic, and of vanished corpses and curses upon heirs.
David McCullough, The Wright Brothers|You will never truly know yourself, or the strength of your relationships, until both have been tested by adversity.
Sunday Adelaja|Your struggles and tears will NEVER be wasted but will be transformed into a healing balm after your victory, release and manifestation comes. You've won already. Hold on just a little while longer. Everything will be alright. We serve a God whose Name is FAITHFUL.
Thea Harrison, Liam Takes Manhattan|Dragos never lifted his head from his task. He said in a quiet voice, "Tell me you're in control, and I will believe you..."	Straightening his shoulders, Liam replied steadily, "I'm in control.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|What's the difference between sanity and madness anyway? We all play headgames with ourselves. We all have baggage. We all cope somehow. I'm not sure if I'm mad or sane. I mean, I hold my life together, I pay my bills, I raise my kids. But the world is so polarized and bizarre now that for some people, none of these these things matter if they're not wearing the right shoes or don't have the right credit score or a fancy family car. Some people think the most important things to worry about are handbags and tan lines. Meanwhile, war and crime and poverty unfold all around us, and we ignore it. In that environment, how can we even begin to talk about sanity and madness?
Sarah Thebarge|...in addition to feeling sick and tired and feverish and nauseated, I also felt forgotten. And there was no easy cure for that.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|You ask my love completest,As strong next year as now,The devil take you, sweetest,Ere I make aught such vow.Life is a masque that changes,A fig for constancy!No love at all were better,Than love which is not free.
Cécile Rischmann, Somewhere Over The Rainbow: A bittersweet memoir|The harder it gets...the tougher you become. The tougher you become, the easier you're able to deal with your thoughts. And once you reach that stage...there's no stopping you.
Gina L. Maxwell, Fighting for Irish|SummaryThere is a small group of cases, initially treated as rape where there is no evidence of an assault: primarily where a third party makes the report and the victim subsequently denies; or where the victim suspects being assaulted while asleep, unconscious or affected by alcohol/drugs but the medical/forensic examination suggests no sex has taken place. How the police should designate such cases is problematic.- Eight per cent of reported cases in the sample were designated false by the police.- A higher proportion of cases designated false involved 16- to 25-year-olds.- A greater degree of acquaintance between victim and perpetrator decreased the likelihood of cases being designated false.- Cases were most commonly designated false on the grounds of: the complainantadmitting it; retractions; evidential issues; and non co-operation by the complainant.- In a number of cases the police also cited mental health problems, previous allegations, use of alcohol/drugs and lack of CCTV evidence.- The pro formas and the interviews with police officers suggested inconsistencies in the complainant’s account could be interpreted as ‘lying’.- The authors’ analysis suggests that the designation of false allegations in a number of cases was uncertain according to Home Office counting rules, and if these were excluded, would reduce the proportion of false complaints to three per cent of reported cases.- This is considerably lower than the estimates of police officers interviewed."A gap or a chasm?: attrition in reported rape cases.
Alexandra Elle, Words from a Wanderer|When you live in love and light, you will not go unseen; ignite the world with every flame of your being.
Anne Burrell|Let me be a free man - free to travel, free to stop, free to work.
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|I don't like and even resist, being broken wide-open. But, when the contents of my unconscious self spill out of me and i sift through all the disowned parts of who i am... it's an uncomfortably enlightening and eye-opening experience. It feels a bit like emotional bloodletting. I guess every now and then, i need that release valve to open all the way...
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I was no longer afraid. Not of important men, not of trustees and such; for knowing now that there was nothing which I could expect from them, there was no reason to be afraid.
Charity Tahmaseb, The Geek Girl's Guide to Cheerleading|Uh-oh," Moni sang, and nodded her head in Chantal's direction. "I think someone's a wee bit upset with us." She turned and walked a few steps backward."Careful," I said. "We're not out of range.""Have no fear, Super Brain is here." Moni whipped out her calculator, holding it up like a shield."What are you going to do, daze her with denominators?""Maybe. But first I'm going to pummel her with my Pythagorean theorem.
Amanda Ashley|That settles it, no more books about vampire before bedtime.
Angeline Kace, Wicked Thing|When we reach our highest potential, we will find our highest love.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule: Never lie to yourself!
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I once listened to an Indian on television say that God was in the wind and the water, and I wondered at how beautiful that was because it meant you could swim in Him or have Him brush your face in a breeze.
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Winners Never Cheat: Even in Difficult Times|A crisis creates the opportunity to dip deep into the reservoirs of our very being, to rise to levels of confidence, strength, and resolve that otherwise we didn't think we possessed.
M.F. Moonzajer|Tana would sit near the door to the basement with fingers in her ears, tears and snot running down her face as she cried and cried and cried. And little Pearl would toddle up, crying, too. They cried while they ate their cereal, cried while they watched cartoons, and cried themselves to sleep at night, huddled together in Tana's little bed. 'Make her stop' Pearl said, but Tana couldn't.
Rachel Cohn, Shrimp|Why do adults think every girl who isn’t some overachieving nitwit needs to be reassured about her intelligence? Folks, my self-esteem is just fine, thanks. I may not be school smart, and I may do extremely stupid things sometimes, but I know I’m smart. And I’d give me some serious Vegas odds to kick the ass of Sarah Scholar at life-skills moral combat any day.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|Yes, because a vampire slumber party is the pinnacle of safety conscious behavior.
C.J.  Heath|His face clouded over when Calvin and Peachy tried to explain women. Peachy pressed on bravely. “Now, the purpose of the vagina,” he was saying. He stopped and said to Calvin, “Why can’t we just buy him a book?
Tanya Masse|The true principle to promotion and advancement is generosity.The giving of oneself… your time, talent and substance. Today, I choose to be a giver.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I do not take advice or listen to the words of hypocrites or beings that are not self-realized. It's nothing personal. I am simply no fan of beings that try to sound wise, while trying to mask their imbecility.
Vironika Tugaleva|The human being is so complicated in some ways, and yet so simple in others. Sometimes, we need complex medication regimens. Yet, sometimes, we just need a good cry.
Jodi Picoult, Picture Perfect|In the past, even Alex's promises hadn't prevented a reoccurence. She didn't have a choice. She wished he could see that as clearly as she did.
Sidney Lumet, Making Movies|One gets the sense that, for Deleuze, the cinema of the movement-image has been fully realized while that of the time-image is emergent. Comparatively speaking, there are few "pure" examples of films where direct images of time predominate. Mixed or hybrid examples are more common.
Angela Elwell Hunt, The Golden Cross|Life is not being sure what will come next or how it will come. We guess at everything we do. We take leap after leap in the dark and that's the joy of living and the beauty of faith. When we grow tired, when we sit still, that's when we begin to die.... One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Ralph Marston|Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Paul Engle|At Christmas, 'It's a Wonderful Life' makes me cry in exactly the same places every time, even though I know it's coming.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When success is one thought away, think it.When success is one word away, speak it.When success is one deed away, perform it.When success is one step away, take it.When success is one moment away, seize it.
Dave Thompson|Had Kurt Cobain not committed suicide in 1994, would his genius have survived the continuous incisions of a media that was only too proud of its ability to chisel away at his fragile psyche in the years before he decided that he'd had enough off their invasions? And, had Jimi Hendrix not passed way in 1970, would he, too have eventually fallen into decline, first equalled, then eclipsed by the brilliant wave of new guitarists: Robin Trower, Ritchie Blackmore, Mick Ronson, who emerged during the early 1970s? In death, Hendrix led by example: in life he could have been left for the dead.
Lori Pollan, The Pollan Family Table: The Best Recipes and Kitchen Wisdom for Delicious, Healthy Family Meals|It's the soul that's starving, not the body
Fanny Burney, Evelina|You could not see and know her, and remain unmoved by those sensations of affection which belong to so near and tender a relationship.
Nikki Rowe|I've been born into a broken world and my purpose is to make sure when I leave it, know I have left my mark of kindness on it somewhere.
Sushant Singh Rajput|I've always been a guy who wants to play sports, not watch them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|While we love, we ought to love.
Elizabeth Langston, I Wish|Why did things have to get so backwards in our house? Since she couldn’t be the adult, I knew that it had to be me. But that didn’t stop me from hating it--from wishing it was just over. I’d give anything to be a kid again and not to be the responsible one in the house. It was like I was trapped in a horrible virtual-reality game, except there was no way for me to quit.
Debasish Mridha|What you expect, it will find the way to appear.
C.S. Lewis|In those days a boy on the classical side officially did almost nothing but classics. I think this was wise; the greatest service we can to education today is to teach few subjects. No one has time to do more than a very few things well before he is twenty, and when we force a boy to be a mediocrity in a dozen subjects we destroy his standards, perhaps for life.
James Blunt|The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|The author observes that the friendship of John Hay and Charles Francis Adams benefited from a physical distance that required correspondence, meaning that feelings only implied in person had to be explicitly expressed.
Sheri Reynolds, A Gracious Plenty|We choose our truths the way we choose our gods, single-sightedly, single-mindedly, no other way to feel or see or think. We lock ourselves into our ways, and click all the truths to one.We put our truths together in pieces, but you use nails and I use glue. You mend with staples. I mend with screws. You stitch what I would bandage.Your truth may not look like mine, but that is not what matters. What matters is this: You can look at a scar and see hurt, or you can look at a scar and see healing. Try to understand.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|Whenever we take the focus off ourselves and move it outward, we benefit. Life's most fortunate ironies are that what's best for the long run is best now, and selflessness serves our interests far better than selfishness. The wider our circle of considerations, the more stable we make the world—and the better the prospects for human experience and for all we might wish. The core message of each successive widening: we are one. The geometry of the human voyage is not linear; it's those ripples whose circles expand to encompass self, other, community, Life, and time.
Nancy B. Brewer, Garnet|Lord Carradice managed to look wicked, smug, and saintly, all at the same time.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Knights of Crystallia|Yes, Bastille. I keep trying to get killed because it's inconvenient for you.
Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain|In great deeds, something abides. On great fields, something stays. Forms change and pass; bodies disappear; but spirits linger, to consecrate ground for the vision-place of souls… generations that know us not and that we know not of, heart-drawn to see where and by whom great things were suffered and done for them, shall come to this deathless field, to ponder and dream; and lo! the shadow of a mighty presence shall wrap them in its bosom, and the power of the vision pass into their souls.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|For every forward action, there is an equally important forward reaction.
William Shakespeare, Othello|And therefore, — since I cannot prove a lover,To entertain these fair well-spoken days, —I am determined to prove a villain,And hate the idle pleasures of these days.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Black Arrow|Well! marriage is like death, it comes to all.
Sunday Adelaja|Our children and grand-children will not make us people, their availability does not make us different from animal
Jeanette Winterson|Behind lay loneliness and delusions. Ahead lay answers, and yes, Riley. So bent double beneath my load, but naked no longer, I followed the two demons deeper into Hell.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|Kelsey breathed in deeply. “He asked me to stay.”“Here?”“Yes.”“For how long?”“Until . . . until I want to leave, I guess. But he doesn’t want me to go yet, and . . . I’m thinking ofaccepting the offer.”“Now he sounds like he’s proposing marriag
David P. Ingerson|Meaning bad isn't the issue. Meaning you do what you do. Not without consequences for other people, of course, sometimes very grave ones. But it's not very helpful to regard your choices as a series of right or wrong moves. They don't define you as much as you define them
Virginia Alison|Regarding the Forbidden Book:There comes a time in every civilization where the forces of goods and progressive thinking have to face the forces of ignorance, evil and tyranny.What becomes of the later generations depends on what is done there and then in that place at that time.Find out if you may have taken part when these two forces went head to head.Indifference is no longer an option.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|Inequality and poverty, unhealth and no wealth are hand in hand. And if we are all born equal that should be true in all lands. We cannot divide the world between poor and rich countries. It's like saying the ones are good, the others are junkies. That can only increase more prejudice, miseries and sorrow. Turning the wheel today it will lead to a better tomorrow.
Sue Miller, While I Was Gone|This was all of it, no doubt, the strange passing feeling that had come to me in the boat. Age. Vanity. The impossibility of accepting the new versions of oneself that life kept offering. The impossibility of the old version’s vanishing.
Jane Wagner, The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe|The critic leaves at curtain fall To find, in starting to review it, He scarcely saw the play at all For starting to review it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Think, speak and act positively.
Deepak Chopra|That's what is so great about being able to record a 13-song album. You can do a very eclectic group of songs. You do have some almost pop songs in there, but you do have your traditional country, story songs. You have your ballads, your happy songs, your sad songs, your love songs, and your feisty songs.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Love is a decision, it is a judgment, it is a promise. If love were only a feeling, there would be no basis for the promise to love each other forever. A feeling comes and it may go. How can I judge that it will stay forever, when my act does not involve judgment and decision.
Vikram Seth, An Equal Music|What is the difference between my life and my love? One gets me low, the other lets me go.
Paul Monette, Becoming a Man: Half a Life Story|It would take me the better part of growing up to understand that intimacy, more than sex or even sexual orientation, was the universal battleground, and no easier for straight than gay.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax|[O]n general principles it is best that I should not leave the country. Scotland Yard feels lonely without me, and it causes an unhealthy excitement among the criminal classes.
Laura Wasser|Christ hath instituted Baptism as a bath, to wash away the anger, and hath put into us the Noble Stone, viz. the water of eternal life, for an earnest-penny, so that instantly in our childhood we might be able to escape the wrath.
Christy Jordan, Come Home to Supper: Over 200 Casseroles, Skillets, and Sides (Desserts, Too!) to Feed Your Family with Love|Each day when you wake up you have a choice: You can have a good day, or you can have a bad day. So you might as well have a good one.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|How bad will it hurt?" I ask suddenly as Cain pulls the car onto the road to head back to my house. "How bad will what hurt?" "The spankings, the torture, all the ways you want to punish me." "I'm not a sadist, Evan. I don't get off on hurting women.""So it won't hurt?""Oh, it will, but you'll love the way it hurts," he says, and as his words fall upon my ears in a harmony of exhilaration and foreboding, I think I'm beginning to understand.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|Maybe it was that brokenness inside of Bentley that I recognized and drew me to him, I didn't know. I just remember thinkin' how I wanted to know more about him. And I wanted to make him smile. Cause' that boy never smiled.
Mike   Evans|If Thy dear home be fuller, Lord,For that a little emptierMy house on earth, what rich rewardsThat guerdon were.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|You would have made a fine warrior, you know that?"I am one. Death is my enemy."Yeah, it is, isn't it." God, it made such sense that he'd bonded with her. She was a fighter… like him. "Your scalpel's your dagger."Yup.
Pamela Todd, The Blind Faith Hotel|Texting and phone calls, fireworks, blends, café au lait, and music. Yesterday's television. Work and beer. The neighbor's dog, or those strange flowers, the way it smells at Maisen. Those ordinary things I talk about with you. With you... I want to talk about love with you.
Pericles|I don't think feminism, as I understand the definition, implies the rejection of maternal values, nurturing children, caring about the men in your life. That is just nonsense to me.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Today I am in control because I want to be. I have my fingers on the switch, but have lived a lifetime ignoring the control I have over my own world. Today is different.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Sent|When something or someone moves you, truly moves you, a part of you wakes affected and afflicted by senses you had never previously experiences. A part of you that you never understood, or perhaps never even knew, suddenly sparks into existence.
Sunday Adelaja|If you have God’s calling, the circumstances around you do not matter; God knows how to remove every obstacle
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You have just dined, and however scrupulously the slaughterhouse is concealed in the graceful distance of miles, there is complicity.
Kage Baker|Sometimes, as is the case of peach and plum trees, which are often dwarfed, the plants are thrown into a flowering states, and then, as they flower freely year after year, they have little inclination to make vigorous growth.
Sam Harris, The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values|True morality consists not in following the beaten track, but in finding the true path for ourselves, and fearlessly following it.
T.A. Miles, Raventide|His angelic wings blackened when the dark fury assailed his mind. Summoning new strength from the unholy power that ravaged his soul, grieved to drastic levels of desperation by the tainting of the holy light within him, he combated ally and enemy alike, bent on destroying both sides in order to ensure the quelling of the dark energies there and then. For days and nights, the lone warrior bathed himself in the blood of angels and demons. And when it was over, he stood alone on contaminated land, with a contaminated soul. He was banned forever from Heaven and not even Hell had space for a creature which seemed to cherish Oblivion over Pandemonium. The dark angel, not so far removed from his former self as his superiors seemed to believe, died on the edge of the cliffs, of utter loneliness and despair.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|When the tea tray arrived, Annie the doll was propped up on the settee between Poppy and Merritt. The little girl pressed the edge of her teacup against the doll’s painted mouth. “Annie wants more sugar, Mama,” Merritt said. Lillian grinned, knowing who was going to drink the highly sweetened tea. “Tell Annie we never have more than two lumps in a cup, darling. It will make her il
Deborah Digges|Some wrong eternity that wouldn’t budge, like trying to move a wardrobe or a safe, only to feel how light I was.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every situation, there is a sacred answer.
Margaret Atwood|Six-Pack didn't despise George W. Bush to the degree that Ketchum did, but she thought the president was a smirking twerp and a dumbed-down daddy's boy, and she agreed with Ketchum's assessment that Bush would be as worthless as wet crap in even the smallest crisis. If a fight broke out between two small dogs, for example, Ketchum claimed that Bush would call the fire department and ask them to bring a hose; then the president would position himself at a safe distance from the dogfight, and wait for the firemen to show up. The part Pam liked best about this assessment was that Ketchum said the president would instantly look self-important, and would appear to be actively involved--that is, once the firefighters and their hose arrived, and provided there was anything remaining of the mess the two dogs might have made of each other in the interim.
Frédéric Gros|When one has walked a long way to reach the turning in the path that discloses an anticipated view, and that view appears, there is always a vibration of the landscape. It is repeated in the walker’s body. The harmony of the two presences, like two strings in tune, each feeding off the vibration of the other, is like an endless relaunch. Eternal Recurrence is the unfolding in a continuous circle of the repetition of those two affirmations, the circular transformation of the vibration of the presences. The walker’s immobility facing that of the landscape … it is the very intensity of that co-presence that gives birth to an indefinite circularity of exchanges: I have always been here, tomorrow, contemplating this landscape.
Donald Bren|A good education gives you confidence to stick up your hand for anything - whether it is the job you want, or the bloke. And the more you stick up your hand, the better your chances are that you will get what you want.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|In my experience when a friend unloaded about a boyfriend or spouse, the listener soaked up the complaint and remembered it long after the speaker had forgiven the offense.
Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, In Praise of Shadows|You don't have to be white to be white, you just have to be rich.
Charles Dickens, The Seven Poor Travellers|Casting my eyes on Mr. Wemmick as we went along, to see what he was like in the light of day, I found him to be a dry man, rather short in stature, with a square wooden face, whose expression seemed to have been imperfectly chipped out with a dull-edged chisel. There were some marks in it that might have been dimples, if the material had been softer and the instrument finer, but which, as it was, were only dints. The chisel had made three or four of these attempts at embellishment over his nose, but had given them up without an effort to smooth them off.
Jill Lepore, The Secret History of Wonder Woman|Mary Woolley wasn't only a suffragist; she was also a feminist. "Feminism is not a prejudice," she said, "It is a principle.
Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics|If you place [your bet] with God, you lose nothing, even if it turns out that God does not exist. But if you place it against God, and you are wrong and God does exist, you lose everything.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|For we cannot tarry here,We must march my darlings, we must bear the brunt of danger,We, the youthful sinewy races, all the rest on us depend, Pioneers! O pioneers! 
Giovanni Boccaccio|You must read, you must persevere, you must sit up nights, you must inquire, and exert the utmost power of your mind. If one way does not lead to the desired meaning, take another; if obstacles arise, then still another; until, if your strength holds out, you will find that clear which at first looked dark.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Close your eyes, Maxon."What?""Close your eyes.Somewhere in this palace, there is a woman who will be your wife. This girl? imagine that she depends on you. She needs you to cherish her and make her feel like the Selection didn't even happen. Like if you were dropped in your own out in the middle of the country to wander around door to door, she's still the one you would have found. She was always the one you would have picked. She needs you to provide for her and protect her. And if it came to a point where there was absolutely nothing to eat, and you couldn't even fall asleep at night because the sound of her stomach growling kept you awake—""Stop it!""Sorry.""Is that really what it's like? Out there... does that happen? Are people hungry like that a lot?""Maxon, I...""Tell me the truth.""Yes. That happens. I know of families where people give up their share for their children or siblings. I know of a boy who was whipped in the town square for stealing food. Sometimes you do crazy things when you are desperate.""A boy? How old?""Nine.""Have you ever been like that? Starving?...How bad?""Maxon, it will only upset you more.""Probably, but I'm only starting to realize how much I don't know about my own country. Please.""We've been pretty bad. Most time if it gets to where we have to choose, we keep the food and lose electricity. The worst was when it happened near Christmas one year. May didn't understand why we couldn't exchange gifts. As a general rule, there are never any leftovers at my house. Someone always wants more. I know the checks we've gotten over the last few weeks have really helped, and my family is really smart about money. I'm sure they have already tucked it away so it will stretch out for a long time. You've done so much for us, Maxon.""Good God. When you said that you were only here for the food, you weren't kidding, were you?""Really, Maxon, we've been doing pretty well lately. I—""I'll see you at dinner.
Rachael Hanel, We'll Be the Last Ones to Let You Down: Memoir of a Gravedigger's Daughter|Do you remember how your mom would wrap the presents so well it’d take at least five minutes to find where you could rip the paper?”I snorted. “Yes, and they were wrapped so much it was like unwrapping a hundred packages from morning ‘til lunch. It was Mom’s way of extending Christmas.”“I loved that—it always built the excitement. Just when you thought you had it, you had to unroll it. I miss her—she was like a second mother to me.
James Barrett Reston, Journalism's Roving Eye: A History of American Foreign Reporting|Far too many people—many of them academics, many politicians—continue to jabber about a supposed 'special relationship' between our two coun
will and Ariel Durant|We may make contact with ambitious species on other planets or stars; soon thereafter there will be interplanetary war. Then, and only then, will we of this earth be one.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|And books, they offer one hope -- that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe, one is saved.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
Mohammed Sekouty|They say the mad live in a world of dreams, or nightmares. I just need to find the way out.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The narrow-minded find it convenient to create stereotypes, and then try to fit everybody, everything and every situation into those stereotypes.
J. Matthew Nespoli|If a faithful account was rendered of man's ideas upon the Divinity, he would be obliged to acknowledge, that for the most part the word Gods has been used to express the concealed, remote, unknown causes of the effects he witnessed; that he applies this term when the spring of natural, the source of known causes ceases to be visible: as soon as he loses the thread of these causes, or as soon as his mind can no longer follow the chain, he solves the difficulty, terminates his research, by ascribing it to his gods; thus giving a vague definition to an unknown cause, at which either his idleness, or his limited knowledge, obliges him to stop. When, therefore, he ascribes to his gods the production of some phenomenon, the novelty or the extent of which strikes him with wonder, but of which his ignorance precludes him from unravelling the true cause, or which he believes the natural powers with which he is acquainted are inadequate to bring forth; does he, in fact, do any thing more than substitute for the darkness of his own mind, a sound to which he has been accustomed to listen with reverential awe?
Innasafa|The only reason why there's a lot people living in contradiction; they aren't in the right time, right situation, and right place.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|He was hers. To have and hold. Not forever, maybe--not forever, for sure--and not figuratively. But literally. And now. Now, he was hers. And he wanted her to touch him. He was like a cat who pushes its head under your hands.
Kyriacos C. Markides, The Mountain of Silence: A Search for Orthodox Spirituality|Unfortunately, violence has a way of overpowering even the strongest of wills
Miranda Kerr|My dad was the district attorney of New Orleans for about 30 years. And when he opened his campaign headquarters back in the early '70s, when I was 5 years old, my mother wanted me to play the national anthem. And they got an upright piano on the back of a flatbed truck and I played it.
David Gianadda, Everything You Say Is Goodbye|Doesn't it seem that it is always by chance that these things happen, or is it because of the generosity of a shared knowledge of suffering that allows for it?
Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life|To persons standing alone on a hill during a clear midnight such as this, the roll of the world is almost a palpable movement. To enjoy the epic form of that gratification it is necessary to stand on a hill at a small hour of the night, and, having first expanded with a sense of difference from the mass of civilized mankind, who are diregardful of all such proceedings at this time, long and quietly watch your stately progress through the stars.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Give full attention to what you do. If you give a rapt attention to what you do, you can have what you could have done in 3 hours well completed within 2 hours or less. Concentration is the key word.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|His ideal is a man who, having worked all day for the good of posterity (if that is his vocation), washes his mind of the whole subject, commits the issue to Heaven, and returns at once to the patience or gratitude demanded by the moment that is passing over him. But we want a man hag-ridden by the Future—haunted by visions of an imminent heaven or hell upon earth—ready to break the Enemy’s commands in the present if by so doing we make him think he can attain the one or avert the other—dependent for his faith on the success or failure of schemes whose end he will not live to see. We want a whole race perpetually in pursuit of the rainbow’s end, never honest, nor kind, nor happy now, but always using as mere fuel wherewith to heap the altar of the future every real gift which is offered them in the Present.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Anybody can have common sense, povided that they have no imagination
Denny B. Reese, The Broken Court|Life after human life I chased her, but they don’t believe in magic things.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|Do you know that even when you look at a tree and say, `That is an oak tree', or `that is a banyan tree', the naming of the tree, which is botanical knowledge, has so conditioned your mind that the word comes between you and actually seeing the tree? To come in contact with the tree you have to put your hand on it and the word will not help you to touch it.
Jennifer L. Armentrout|She knows what it's like to love someone who cannot love you back. Someone who needs you, holds you, yes, but someone who will never know that love is the knife in your heart.
Jean Baudrillard, Screened Out|All digital music listeners are equal. Acquisition is painless. Taste is irrelevant. It is pointless to boast about your iTunes collection, or the quality of your playlists on a streaming service. Music became data, one more set of 1's and 0's lurking in your hard drive, invisible to see and impossible to touch. Nothing is less cool than data.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|You know that moment when you hug somebody, when your heart feels warm and high in your chest and tingly? When you feel just for a second like a baby in a womb... that nothing matters? That's how I want you to feel. That's what a girlfriend should do, I think.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|While her lips talked culture, her heart was planning to invite him to tea
John Green, Looking for Alaska|He was gone and did not have time to tell him what I had just now realized: that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we had to forgive to survive in the labyrinth.
Robert Dale Owen|Generally speaking, historically in this country, the care of a child has been thought of as female business.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Happiness... consists in giving, and in serving others.
Eric Liu|This is why it is so fundamental for us right now to grab hold of this idea of power and to democratize it. One of the things that is so profoundly exciting and challenging about this moment is that as a result of this power illiteracy that is so pervasive, there is a concentration of knowledge, of understanding, of clout. I mean, think about it: How does a friendship become a subsidy? Seamlessly, when a senior government official decides to leave government and become a lobbyist for a private interest and convert his or her relationships into capital for their new masters. How does a bias become a policy? Insidiously, just the way that stop-and-frisk, for instance, became over time a bureaucratic numbers game. How does a slogan become a movement? Virally, in the way that the Tea Party, for instance, was able to take the "Don't Tread on Me" flag from the American Revolution, or how, on the other side, a band of activists could take a magazine headline, "Occupy Wall Street," and turn that into a global meme and movement. The thing is, though, most people aren't looking for and don't want to see these realities. So much of this ignorance, this civic illiteracy, is willful. There are some millennials, for instance, who think the whole business is just sordid. They don't want to have anything to do with politics. They'd rather just opt out and engage in volunteerism. There are some techies out there who believe that the cure-all for any power imbalance or power abuse is simply more data, more transparency. There are some on the left who think power resides only with corporations, and some on the right who think power resides only with government, each side blinded by their selective outrage. There are the naive who believe that good things just happen and the cynical who believe that bad things just happen, the fortunate and unfortunate unlike who think that their lot is simply what they deserve rather than the eminently alterable result of a prior arrangement, an inherited allocation, of power.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never modify your goals, amplify your might.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Would it hurt to die? All those times he had thought it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: his will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death.
Richard P. Feynman|Art is for healing ourselves, and everybody needs their own personal art to heal up their problems.
Rigzin Namgyal|Sometimes words do fly in the sky but when words do fly in the sky, there are no keyboards to type.
Corbin Bernsen|Am I still interested in a guy's body? Now that I have grown up, I am much more of a 'vibe' kind of person! If a man has a good body, that is an added plus.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|If we don't understand our tools, then there is a danger we will become the tool of our tools. We think of ourselves as Google's customers, but really we're its products.
Vironika Tugaleva|Your darkest moments are not meant to be swept under the carpet, hidden from the world in the silent pursuit of perfection. The darkness you've overcome is your ticket into leadership. It's what you're meant to light up in the world.
RJ Mitte|I sailboat raced, I love to go out on my motorcycle alone, but I also love my family dearly. I love that aspect of my life as well.
Honey Father|They’d dueled in the lamplight of her kitchen that night, savaging each other with accusations that could never be recalled. Now, he couldn’t remember half of what they’d said, only the colors and lights and seething tide of fear all around them. He could still taste the acrid burn of unfairness.
Kathryn Stockett|The growing number of gated communities in our nation is but one example of the obsession with safety. With guards at the gate, individuals still have bars and elaborate internal security systems. Americans spend more than thirty billion dollars a year on security. When I have stayed with friends in these communities and inquired as to whether all the security is in response to an actual danger I am told “not really," that it is the fear of threat rather than a real threat that is the catalyst for an obsession with safety that borders on madness.Culturally we bear witness to this madness every day. We can all tell endless stories of how it makes itself known in everyday life. For example, an adult white male answers the door when a young Asian male rings the bell. We live in a culture where without responding to any gesture of aggression or hostility on the part of the stranger, who is simply lost and trying to find the correct address, the white male shoots him, believing he is protecting his life and his property. This is an everyday example of madness. The person who is really the threat here is the home owner who has been so well socialized by the thinking of white supremacy, of capitalism, of patriarchy that he can no longer respond rationally.White supremacy has taught him that all people of color are threats irrespective of their behavior. Capitalism has taught him that, at all costs, his property can and must be protected. Patriarchy has taught him that his masculinity has to be proved by the willingness to conquer fear through aggression; that it would be unmanly to ask questions before taking action. Mass media then brings us the news of this in a newspeak manner that sounds almost jocular and celebratory, as though no tragedy has happened, as though the sacrifice of a young life was necessary to uphold property values and white patriarchal honor. Viewers are encouraged feel sympathy for the white male home owner who made a mistake. The fact that this mistake led to the violent death of an innocent young man does not register; the narrative is worded in a manner that encourages viewers to identify with the one who made the mistake by doing what we are led to feel we might all do to “protect our property at all costs from any sense of perceived threat. " This is what the worship of death looks like.
John Glenn|Inspiration can come from anywhere, and a lot of the time, it depends on how you feel when you get up in the morning.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I should mention here that librarians tell me never to tell this story, and especially never to paint myself as a feral child who was raised in libraries by patient librarians; the tell me they are worried that people will misinterpret my story and use it as an excuse to use their libraries as free day care for their children.
Arthur Machen|He loved to meditate on a land laid waste, Britain deserted by the legions, the rare pavements riven by frost, Celtic magic still brooding on the wild hills and in the black depths of the forest, the rosy marbles stained with rain, and the walls growing grey.
Daniel C. Dennett|You don't get to advertise all the good that your religion does without first scrupulously subtracting all the harm it does and considering seriously the question of whether some other religion, or no religion at all, does better.
Deanna Herrmann|There is always beauty to be found, even in the darkness.
Winna Efendi, Some Kind of Wonderful|Being afraid is part of living, Rory, just as much as being scared is part of being courageous. You can only be happy when you’re brutally honest with yourself.
Mother Teresa|Humility is truth, therefore in all sincerity we must be able to look up and say, "I can do all things in Him who strengthens me." By yourself you can do nothing, have nothing but sin, weakness and misery. All the gifts of nature and grace you have them from God.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|It's like we've been living in two different cities. You up here in all this marbled comfort, and me down there, killing myself in slow motion.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|She wasn't my kind of woman and that's why, that night she was. This wine is the Blood of Christ. Brings the truth out of a woman sooner than any confession box does. Makes you trust a stranger with your life, your car keys, your best-guarded secret.
John Keats|I have good reason to be content,for thank God I can read andperhaps understand Shakespeare to his depths.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Your brother was a terrible traitor, I know, but if we start killing men at weddings they’ll be even more frightened of marriage than they are presently.
Serina Hartwell|When its back's against the wall, even positivity will come out fighting!
Ilona Andrews, Magic Shifts|Once taken by her, you glowedAnd you drank her poisons, content. Because all the stars seemed to grow,And fields had a different scent,Autumn fields.
Italo Calvino|Ironically, in life, you sacrifice everything you love in the name of love"~ the motto of the romance novel Cupcakes and Cologne.
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|There was only the dark infinity in which nothing was. And something happened. At the distance of a star something happened, and everything began. The Word did not come into being, but it was. It did not break upon the silence, but it was older than the silence and the silence was made of it.
April Winchell|The unfortunate thing about working for yourself is that you have the worst boss in the world. I work every day of the year except at Christmas, when I work a half day.
David Thomson, In Camden Town|Last night, Good Friday night, at the bottom of the escalator at King’s X tube, a weasel-faced man in uniform was sweeping up rubbish with a wide broom, drink cartons, cigarette packets with all the dust and filthy scraps of the day which he pushed towards an elegant long black glove that was lying there. I expected him to pick it up as I would have – I thought of picking it up, but was too late. He smothered it in a wide sweep. It seemed to me extraordinary and shocking that he had no feeling for it. Several images went through my mind, a symbolic hand, a dead blackbird, an ornamental bookmark fallen from a lectern Bible – any once-precious relic being tumbled in the dirt. As I went up the escalator I remembered the Tatterdemallion whom I haven’t seen for months and thought of his body, if he were to die in the tube, being tumbled about with the rest of the thrown-away rubbish.” David Thomson, In Camden Town
M.F. Moonzajer|Well, I don’t want to be king, I want to be real.
Kurt Cobain, Journals|Do your own thing. Others own their own thing. If you copy too much, you'll find yourself in late night cocktail lounge cover band limbo.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|When people are in need, you must be present. When people suffer, you must let them know you’re suffering with them.” “The good side of bad acts?” I say. “I would not say that from horror comes goodness. That would be giving horror too much credit. But goodness prevails in spite of horror.
Ann  Spangler, Sitting at the Feet of Rabbi Jesus: How the Jewishness of Jesus Can Transform Your Faith|...pray for the grace to realize that no matter where you are, you are in the presence of the Lord.
T.C. Boyle|I do feel that literature should be demystified. What I object to is what is happening in our era: literature is only something you get at school as an assignment. No one reads for fun, or to be subversive or to get turned on to something. It's just like doing math at school. I mean, how often do we sit down and do trigonometry for fun, to relax. I've thought about this, the domination of the literary arts by theory over the past 25 years -- which I detest -- and it's as if you have to be a critic to mediate between the author and the reader and that's utter crap. Literature can be great in all ways, but it's just entertainment like rock'n'roll or a film. It is entertainment. If it doesn't capture you on that level, as entertainment, movement of plot, then it doesn't work. Nothing else will come out of it. The beauty of the language, the characterisation, the structure, all that's irrelevant if you're not getting the reader on that level -- moving a story. If that's friendly to readers, I cop to it.
Thomas Sowell, Black Rednecks and White Liberals|The earth isn’t spinning because you told it to do so. Your intestines aren’t digesting by your command. You’re made up of a trillion cells who don’t ask your permission before offering their rakats. And we think submission is applying strict discipline to our worship? We think surrender is about not eating a pig? It’s just not that small to me. i can’t fit my deen into a neat little box, because to me everything comes from Allah. Birds sing Allah’s name. to say Allah is in this book and not that… do you know who you’re talking about? the Allah that made you from a clot and clothed in flesh… Allah is too big and open for my deen to be small and closed.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|Oh, Gerty, I wasn't meant to be good.
J.D. Robb, Vengeance in Death|To keep me from becoming conceited because of these surpassingly great revelations, there was given me a thorn in my flesh, a messenger of Satan, to torment me. Three times I pleaded with the Lord to take it away from me. But he said to me, "My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness." Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ's power may rest on me. That is why, for Christ's sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|You can forget the past, but something should be left in your mine to not forget yourself.
Ivo Žurić|If you deliberately and passionately grieve over the consolations of darkness and participate with your spirit in their annihilation, you would put yourself above other forms of life and lives of other people.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|Giving your friends the evil eye, as you attempt to convince them that they took you away from your book, and it was awesome.
Pablo|There are two days in the year that you cannot do anything: YESTERDAY & TOMORROW: Only TODAY you can Be Happy, Smile, Dream, Love, Feel, & Be Thankful…
C. JoyBell C.|What does it mean to be cultured? Who is the cultured person? The cultured individual is not defined nor determined by status in society nor by wealth; but the cultured individual is determined and defined by his or her sense for the art of life. And what is the art of life? The art of life is the reflection of the mind and the soul upon the world, upon other people, upon the respect and understanding of other people and upon the things that are in this world and beyond. There is a joy that is always sought in beautiful things. Being cultured is being conscious, reflective, understanding, feeling, aware. Knowing how to feel, to listen, to understand. A desire to find or to create joy in many things— that is the art of life. And these things define a cultured person.
Roald Dahl, The Witches|Children should never have baths,’ my grandmother said. ‘It's a dangerous habit.’‘I agree, Grandmamma.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|And since today’s all there is for now, that’s everything.Who knows if I’ll be dead the day after tomorrow?If I’m dead the day after tomorrow, the thunderstorm day after tomorrowWill be another thunderstorm than if I hadn’t died.Of course I know thunderstorms don’t fall because I see them,But if I weren’t in the world,The world would be different —There would be me the less —And the thunderstorm would fall on a different world and would be another thunderstorm.No matter what happens, what’s falling is what’ll be falling when it falls.(7/10/1930)
J.A. Burrow, Medieval Writers and Their Work: Middle English Literature and Its Background 1100-1500|Language is the medium of literature, and the state of the language at any time can hardly fail to carry literary consequences.
Julia Crane, Coexist|Keegan had never realized how absolute silence could be in the minutes before dawn. Maybe because the expectation of battle filled the air, not even birds sang.
Rachel Kushner|Access to capital is important for all firms, but it's particularly vital for startups and young firms, which often lack a sufficient stream of earnings to increase employment and internally finance capital spending.
Natasha Tsakos|The only substance that goes in and never leaves, are words
M. Basilea Schlink|The spirit of contrition and repentance has by and large become foreign to us. Repentance implies a turning to God. Instead of repenting, however, we demand that God adjust to our modern concepts.Because the spirit of contrition and repentance is missing, church services , evangelizations and other Christian meetings often lack power and cannot move the listeners to tears of contrition. How very much we, the members of the Body of Christ, have hardened our hearts!We no longer want to see sin for what it is. When God is dishonoured and blasphemed and His commandments are abandoned, we do not regard it as such. Nor do we see that when God Himself is declared dead in His Church and His commandments are no longer regarded as binding, these are the signs of the times that Jesus said we should watch for.
Stephen Leacock|I did a film which was considered an independent movie with Dustin Hoffman and Andy Garcia called Confidence, and that's the type of film I was willing to take a chance on that because of the caliber of people involved with the film.
Ellen Hopkins|Not willingly," admitted the tiger. "But here is the alternative; either you transform yourself into an eye for our child, or I and my dear wife will tear you into shreds.
Roshan Sharma|When you understand the internal process of life, first time, you realize that the personal identity that you carry in your mind, exists only at the time of momentary experience, and as the experience is forgotten, so the personal identity gets forgotten with it.
Maya Angelou|Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances. 
Thomas Sowell|I think nowadays, women are breaking the borders or the boundaries and also trying to give a new interpretation in terms of impact you can have to the society.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|But that's one way we can identify the devil's voice: It always plays to our fears. It is the voice that tells us we must do something to prove who we are, to prove that we're worthy, to prove that we are who God has already declared us to be. When we know we are loved by God, we don't have to prove anything to anyone. There is nothing we can do to make ourselves more beloved than we are.
Yusuf Saleem|Young man, Mr. Aubrey has made us so rich that we can now afford to worry about our image.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Wisdom is nothing more than the marriage of intelligence and compassion.And, as with all good unions, it takes much experience and time to reach its widest potential.Have you introduced your intellect to your compassion yet? Be careful; lately, intellect has taken to eating in front of the TV and compassion has taken in too many cats.
Cobi Jones|There was no instruction to be thankful that the Christians were special people, chosen people. There was no nationalistic, political or ethnic superiority to be thankful for.
Groucho Marx|Even the intellectual crowd will have none of me. Physically, I look like one of them. Graying at the temples, I walk with a slight limp and wear thick glasses.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|If one sentence were to sum up the mechanism driving the Great Stagnation, it is this: Recent and current innovation is more geared to private goods than to public goods. That simple observation ties together the three major macroeconomic events of our time: growing income inequality, stagnant median income, and the financial crisis.
Dominic Riccitello|I believe we were right for each other, but not in that moment, which perhaps hindered any possibility of a future.
Thomas Merton|You know what's wrong with scientific power?... It's a form of inherited wealth... Most kinds of power require a substantial sacrifice by whoever wants the power. There is an apprenticeship, a discipline lasting many years. Whatever kind of power you want. President of the company. Black belt in karate. Spiritual Guru. Whatever it is you seek, you have to put in the time, the practice, the effort. You must give up a lot to get it. It has to be very important to you. And once you have attained it, it is your power. It can't be given away: it resides in you. It is literally the result of your discipline. Now, what is interesting about this process is that, by the time someone has acquired the ability to his with his bare hands, he has also matured to the point where he won't use it unwisely. So that kind of power has a built-in control. The discipline of the getting the power changes you so that you won't abuse it. But scientific power is like inherited wealth: attained without discipline. You read what others have done, and you take the next step... There is no discipline... no mastery: old scientists are ignored. There is no humility before nature... A karate master does not kill people with his bare hands. He does not lose his temper and kill his wife. The person who kills is the person who has no discipline, no restraint, and who has purchased his power in the form of a Saturday night special. And that is the kind of power that science fosters, and permits.
Hubert Martin|I spill my emotions and hopes on pieces of paper and pixels of screens, combining and creating, merging traditional methods with artificial means.Words carved in ink and electricity to facilitate simplicity and eradicate toxicity. No matter what fashion, form, font, method or avenue, the simplest and most meaningful words remain ever so true; I choose and love, only forever you.
Jon Krakauer, Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith|I wrote that certain things were leaving me nauseated. I said that judges made me feel that way. Not most of them but all of them. I said that you for example, the judge I'm writing this to, made me feel nauseated. The nausea came from understanding that people produced by every conceivable advantage got to decide whether someone like Jalen lived or died and what was worse was they never fucking seemed to decide that the person should live, that a person's life, any person, was more important than whether some fat fuck at a country club thought you were hard enough on crime or whether you continue to get sufficient reelection campaign contributions you worthless retarded piece of shit. Why should you be allowed to decide anything beyond what you have for lunch you mental infant?
Franz Liszt|Music is the heart of life." She speaks love; "without it, there is no possible good and with it everything is beautiful.
Nick Hornby|It's music rage, which is like road rage, only more righteous. When you get road rage, a tiny part of you knows you're being a jerk, but when you get music rage, you're carrying out the will of God, and God wants these people dead
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|—the longer you silence a violin, the harder it is for it to find its true voice again.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your smile can heal thousands; but your anger can kill millions. Your "hand-shake" can encourage tens of people while your "finger-pointing" can turn ten thousands away from you!
H. L. Mencken|You should always take what I say about religion with a grain of salt, because the 7 deadly sins are more like my seven daily activities. I try to check them all off at least once a day. All of them except gluttony; my trainer keeps that under control.
Barry Commoner|When I look at China's environmental problems, the real barrier is not lack of technology or money. It's lack of motivation.
James     Baldwin|Unless a writer is extremely old when he dies, in which case he has probably become a neglected institution, his death must always be seen as untimely. This is because a real writer is always shifting and changing and searching. The world has many labels for him, of which the most treacherous is the label of 'Success.
Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life|The business of being happy requires making a conscious choice. People think being happy will just happen to them someday, if only they do this or that right. But it doesn't - you have to choose it. You choose happiness, you don't wait for it to choose you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|By acknowledging our boundaries and limitations, we attain greater heights than we ever will by appearing to think we know everything.
Rebecca Harding Davis, Life in the Iron Mills and Other Stories|Well, what was it to be a thief? He met the question at last, face to face, wiping the clammy drops of sweat from his forehead. God made this money - the fresh air, too - for his children's use. He never made the difference between poor and rich.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|My parents told me to marry for money,' said her husband. 'But I chose the love of a strong woman.''And look what trouble I turned out to be,' she said.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|There will always be the facts of life to contend with, and there are times when the facts can become overwhelming. Yet, there is a poem at the heart of things and a mythic story in the heart of each of us. At certain times it is the poetry of life and the mythic imagination of the soul that become necessary in order to heal the wounds inflicted by an excess of reason or an overuse of force. When we unfold the story wound within our souls and untie the knots within us, we add presence to the world and contribute to the spirit of life in a specific and authentic way.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|There were three things sought by invaders who crossed oceans to discover America. Those were gold, gospel, glory. There are four things sought by aliens who crossed heavens to discover planet earth. Those are gold, gospel, glory, gene.
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|No wizard has ever made himself useful by magic, or, if they've tried, they've only made matters worse. No wizard ever stopped a war or mended a fence. It's better that they stay in their marshes, out of the way of worldly folk like farmers and soldiers and merchants and kings.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A good strategy of life is obvious: When the right path is found, it must be walked no matter how hard it is and the precious target this path destined to must be arrived at by defeating every difficulty encountered!
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|When we practise self-compassion, we look after ourselves just as though we are nurturing a small child. In fact, a major part of grieving our original pain work (so that we can heal and be emotionally liberated) is to re-parent ourselves and reconnect with our inner child. This is what the author, John Bradshaw, meant by ‘reclaiming our inner child’. In recovery, we can begin to nurture our inner child and connect deeply with our heart and spirit.
Jane Hamilton|It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|if something is there, you can only see it with your eyes open, but if it isn't there, you can see it just as well with your eyes closed. That's why imaginary things are often easier to see than real ones.
Aditya Ajmera|To take that second chance, we need to notice where we are and be open to the possibility of growing.
Mike Mills|I've loved singing since forever. Whether it was with my sisters while cleaning the kitchen, putting shows on for my stuffed animals, writing songs about my stuffed animals, starting an a capella group with my cousins while on vacation, or awkwardly singing along to karaoke tracks alone in my bedroom - singing always found a way into my life.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When speakers make eye contact with an audience, they will be perceived as being more prepared, more competent, confident, and trustworthy. Eye contact helps to relax the speaker and reminds them that their audience is made up of separate individuals who perceive things differently. Audience response is clearly seen in the expressions of their eyes.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|The surveillance, he thought, essentially should be maintained. And, if possible, by me. I should always be watching, watching and figuring out, even if I never do anything about what I see; even if I just sit there and observe silently, not seen: that is important, that I as a watcher of all that happens should be at my place.
Mary Jane Hathaway, The Pepper in the Gumbo|With widened eyes she stumbled backwards, not able to take her gaze from the flames engulfing the wooden shed right in front of them, wrapping it into their embrace before taking it over. Black parts of smutted wood started to glow, welcoming the tongues of fire that devoured the shed inch by inch.
Alin Sav|Do not ask intelligent rich people what car they driver, but what books they read.
Jill Scott|You know, real life doesn't just suddenly resolve itself. You have to keep working at it. Democracy, marriage, friendship. You can't just say, 'She's my best friend.' That's not a given, it's a process.
Caroline  Norton|Once more, my harp! once more, although I thoughtNever to wake thy silent strings again,A wandering dream thy gentle chords have wrought,And my sad heart, which long hath dwelt in pain,Soars, like a wild bird from a cypress bough,Into the poet's Heaven, and leaves dull grief below
Jonathan Talat Phillips, The Electric Jesus: The Healing Journey of a Contemporary Gnostic|Our ailing planet needs spiritual warriors, ones capable of standing up to the Western materialism machine, so we can create sustainable societies that care for their citizens, harmonize with the cycles of nature, and receive and honor the vast healing light that quietly connects us all.
Anonymous|"Wait'll next year!" is the favorite cry of baseball fans  football fans  hockey fans  and gardeners.
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|Adversity hath slain her thousand, but prosperity her ten thousand.
Mitch Kellaway|The best thing that can happen to me when I'm writing fiction is to lose sight of the fact that I'm writing at all. It's as though I enter into a kind of trance. I know I'm writing, but I don't THINK about it. I just let my fingers type--it's as though the feeling comes out directly through them, bypassing the brain altogether. When that happens, I feel completely transported. There is nothing else like this feeling, very little else is more important to me. That intimacy I feel between myself and my work is what makes me feel at home on the earth. I am basically a shy person, basically a loner and an outsider; and I have been all my life. But when I achieve the kind of connection I can through writing, I feel I'm sitting in the lap of God.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Alex Barrow’s broad face, with the roughened skin that gave him an air of experience. His powerful, packed, wrestler’s body. The thick black fur at the base of his throat. It was wrong to call him handsome, although all the women did. Really he was almost ugly, but in a stirring, thrilling way that made her shift in her seat as she thought about him.
Pema Chödrön, No Time to Lose: A Timely Guide to the Way of the Bodhisattva|In order to work with difficult outer circumstances, we need to gather our inner strength. If even ten or twenty minutes of meditation a day helps us to do this, let's go for it!
Philip Gourevitch, We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families|He was distracted by a brief surge of adrenaline as he remembered the girl’s blood-soaked body. Flesh separated and puckered, he had left her in such a manner that her sacrification would be remembered.The recollection aroused him. Death and sensuality combined to create a unique vision of purity and abhorrence. Though he had experienced doubts since beginning, he knew the mission he had been tasked with was necessary. It had given him a purity of purpose. These women needed to be punished, all in her name. And yet he felt guilt. Not enough to consume him, but enough to have it niggling away in the back of his mind like a parasite infecting his very soul.May God forgive me for the deeds I committed on Kelly, no heart no heart.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We all deserve to be treated with nothing but respect. In order to command respect from others, we must first and foremost respect ourselves.
Robin Maxwell, O, Juliet|Wyatt didn't want it, but without his permission, his heart started beating again. It had always beat for Tabitha.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|I don't know what sort of world she will live in and I have no fixed opinions concerning how she should live in it. I only know that if she does not come to value what is true above what is useful, it will make little difference whether she lives at all.
Shannon Celebi|Still writing?" I usually nod and smile, then quickly change the subject. But here is what I would like to put down my fork and say: Yes, yes, I am. I will write until the day I die, or until I am robbed of my capacity to reason. Even if my fingers were to clench and wither, even if I were to grow deaf or blind, even if I were unable to move a muscle in my body save for the blink of one eye, I would still write. Writing saved my life. Writing has been my window -- flung wide open to this magnificent, chaotic existence -- my way of interpreting everything within my grasp. Writing has extended that grasp by pushing me beyond comfort, beyond safety, past my self-perceived limits. It has softened my heart and hardened my intellect. It has been a privilege. It has whipped my ass. It has burned into me a valuable clarity. It has made me think about suffering, randomness, good will, luck, memory responsibility, and kindness, on a daily basis -- whether I feel like it or not. It has insisted that I grow up. That I evolve. It has pushed me to get better, to be better. It is my disease and my cure. It has allowed me not only to withstand the losses in my life but to alter those losses -- to chip away at my own bewilderment until I find the pattern in it. Once in a great while, I look up at the sky and think that, if my father were alive, maybe he would be proud of me. That if my mother were alive, I might have come up with the words to make her understand. That I am changing what I can. I am reaching a hand out to the dead and to the living and the not yet born. So yes. Yes. Still writing.
Thomas O'Malley, This Magnificent Desolation|A wise human’s life contains several journeys among several experiences, each of them takes him/her to a new level of wisdom in which makes him/her refuses to return to how he/she was before that experience.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|A child who is being abused on an ongoing basis needs to be able to function despite the trauma that dominates his or her daily life. That becomes the job of at least one ANP [apparently normal part of the personality], whom the child creates to be unaware of the abuse and also of the multiplicity, and to “pass as normal” in the real world. The ANP is just an alter specialized for handling the adult world—in other words, the “front person” for the system.
Steve Goodier|It’s true that laughter really is cheap medicine. It’s a prescription anyone can afford. And best of all, you can fill it right now.
Jincy Willett, Winner of the National Book Award|Reading was not an escape for her, any more than it is for me. It was an aspect of direct experience. She distinguished, of course, between the fictional world and the real one, in which she had to prepare dinners and so on. Still, for us, the fictional world was an extension of the real, and in no way a substitute for it, or refuge from it. Any more than sleeping is a substitute for waking." (Jincy Willett)
Lea Michele|The dawn is not distant, nor is the night starless; love is eternal.
Louis J Halle|The appreciation of birds, indeed the appreciation of all the phenomena of spring, cannot be dissociated from the accumulations of memory. The appearance of a familiar bird immediately awakens a train of forgotten associations, and this makes each spring transcend its predecessor. The interest accumulates and is compounded. The first yellow-throated warbler next year will be the more meaningful to me as it brings back that moment in the woods opposite Dyke. For one remembers clearly enough the fact of such a moment, but only an evocative sight or sound or smell can bring back the full emotion. The person who sees the bird for the first time cannot know what moves me.
Summer Sanders|I never get enough sleep, even when I travel. I wake up in the middle of the night, either with the help of my kids or because my mind is going. I wish I got eight hours a night, but it is more like an interrupted six or seven. The secret is to go to sleep well before midnight.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Takes Manhattan|That's the trouble with having the whole world love you. One day, you wake up and it's flirting with your best friend instead. And you don't know what to do. You're thrown.
Vladimir Nabokov|A sense of security, of well-being, of summer warmth pervades my memory. That robust reality makes a ghost of the present. The mirror brims with brightness; a bumblebee has entered the room and bumps against the ceiling. Everything is as it should be, nothing will ever change, nobody will ever die.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Stepping out and stepping up can be an intimidating experience, especially in social situations where the outcomes are unpredictable and uncertain. Have you ever been reluctant to . . . •	Say "no?"•	Request help?•	Ask for a raise?•	Stand up to a bully?•	Talk about tough topics?•	Confront a friend or spouse?•	Speak up and share your opinion?•	Begin a conversation with a stranger?•	Deliver a presentation or speak in public?•	Talk about the “white elephant” in the room?•	Befriend people who are much different than you?•	Make sales calls because you don’t want to be rejected?•	Approach a new group of people at a networking event?•	Go to an event by yourself where you did not know anyone?
LadyTiara|Living your life on your terms, means No excuses and only results.
Juan Ramón Jiménez, Time and Space: A Poetic Autobiography|And now he is singing a bard's curse upon you, O brother abbot, and upon your father and your mother, and your grandfather and your grandmother, nd upon all your relations.'Is he cursing in rhyme?'He is cursing in rhyme, and with two assonances in every line of his curse.'("The Crucifixion Of The Outcast")
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|It took me years to get over you. Truth is, I never did fully get over you. I just learned to live without you. I can't ever do that again. It almost killed me. And as much as I would love to kiss you right now, I have to protect myself. It can't happen. I'm sorry.
Nikki Sixx, The Heroin Diaries: A Year In The Life Of A Shattered Rock Star|My dick didn't seem to be aware that she was there. She kept asking me what was wrong, and I was so out of it that I thought she meant what was wrong with the world, so I started talking about global poverty and shit. I'm not surprised she left. I suspect she won't be coming back.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin, Hymn of the Universe|Without you, without your onslaughts, without your uprootings of us, we should remain all our lives inert, stagnant, puerile, ignorant both of ourselves and of God. You who batter us and then dress our wounds, you who resist us and yield to us, you who wreck and build, you who shackle and liberate, the sap of our souls, the hand of God, the flesh of Christ: it is you, matter, that I bless.
Ben Aaronovitch, Moon Over Soho|If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
Earl Hines|Action is drama. If we cannot make the audience laugh, smile or cry with us, we are not actors.
HENRY E. REYNOSO|Don't judge me by my mistakes, judge me by the implications they had.
Tiphanie Yanique, Land of Love and Drowning|Family will always kill you -- some bit by bit, others all at once. It is the love that does it.
W.B. Yeats, The Land of Heart's Desire|Faeries, come take me out of this dull world,For I would ride with you upon the wind,Run on the top of the dishevelled tide,And dance upon the mountains like a flame.
Jillian Dodd, That Wedding|Ooooohh, I heard you had an STD, but I thought it was just a rumor. Does it really burn?" - Moose in reference to Jadyn's "burning bush" -
Elisabeth Shue|I will say that anyone who supports Scottish independence should go to Athens. Because nothing works. It is a disaster. It is a ruined, dirty place where people do not have money or future prospects. The day one after independence, Scotland would be worse.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|She knew enough to recognize that memories were crowding in, and there was nothing he could do. They wouldn’t let him speak. She would never know what scenes were driving that turmoil.
Gregory Benford, The Martian Race|Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, is the reverse.
Wallace Stevens, The Palm at the End of the Mind: Selected Poems and a Play|After the leaves have fallen, we returnTo a plain sense of things. It is as ifWe had come to an end of the imagination,Inanimate in an inert savoir.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A willing spirit, a determined effort.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Seduction and Betrayal: Women and Literature|The 'swapping' is interesting. This practice one had thought confined to certain earnest Americans in the smaller, more tedious cities, to those wives and husbands who had read sex manuals and radically wanted more of life even if it had to be, like pizza, brought in from around the corner--all of this was accomplished by Bloomsbury in the lightest, most spontaneous and good-natured manner.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|In my perception, the world wasn't a graph or formula or an equation. It was a story.
Charles Wright, A Short History of the Shadow: Poems|Each word, as someone once wrote, contains the universe.The visible carries all the invisible on its back. Tonight, in the unconditional, what moves in the long-limbed grasses, what touches me As though I didn’t exist? What is it that keeps on moving, a tiny pillar of smoke Erect on its hind legs, loose in the hollow grasses? A word I don’t know yet, a little word, containing infinity, Noiseless and unrepentant, in sift through the dry grass.
R.K. Narayan, Swami and Friends, The Bachelor of Arts, The Dark Room, The English Teacher|I thought calming thoughts and visualized serene places. Eventually, i found myself drifting along the frenetic edges of my mind. The Sandman was nowhere to be found, as i slipped further away from sleep.
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|Do you think,” she said, “instead of having sex, we could make love?”“I’d love that,” Ken whispered.
Elizabeth George|The American army,” said the Prince of Candia, “has the sweet, warm smell of a blond woman.”“You’re very kind,” said Colonel Jack Hamilton.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|We define what we deserve, others also define what we deserve, apparently there is a huge difference and we spend our life constructing the same.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Scare you?" he asked from where he walked beside her."No." Yes. Like he didn't know. "I hate that silent speed thing. Worst vampire ability ever.
George S. Patton Jr.|God does watch over us and does notice us, but it usually through someone else that he meets our needs.
Tiffany Madison|Never trust someone that claims they care nothing of what society thinks of them. Instead of conquering obstacles, they simply pretend they don't exist.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|But Moominmamma was quite unperturbed. "Well, well!" she said, "it seems to me that our guests are having a very good time.""I hope so," replied Moominpappa. "Pass me a banana, please dear.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Distance running was revered because it was indispensable; it was the way we survived and thrived and spread across the planet. You ran to eat and to avoid being eaten; you ran to find a mate and impress her, and with her you ran off to start a new life together. You had to love running, or you wouldn't live to love anything else. And like everything else we love-everything we sentimentally call our 'passions' and 'desires'-it's really an encoded ancestral necessity. We were born to run; we were born because we run.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|(The string is extremely tiny, at the Planck length of 10 ^-33 cm, a billion billion times smaller than a proton, so all subatomic particles appear pointlike.)If we were to pluck this string, the vibration would change; the electron might turn into a neutrino. Pluck it again and it might turn into a quark. In fact, if you plucked it hard enough, it could turn into any of the known subatomic particles.Strings can interact by splitting and rejoining, thus creating the interactions we see among electrons and protons in atoms. In this way, through string theory, we can reproduce all the laws of atomic and nuclear physics. The "melodies" that can be written on strings correspond to the laws of chemistry. The universe can now be viewed as a vast symphony of strings.
Alexandra Stoddard|I wanted to write something in a voice that was unique to who I was. And I wanted something that was accessible to the person who works at Dunkin Donuts or who drives a bus, someone who comes home with their feet hurting like my father, someone who's busy and has too many children, like my mother.
Washington Irving|Some people are your relatives but others are your ancestors, and you choose the ones you want to have as ancestors. You create yourself out of those values.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|I think if we ignore that night, that kiss, then we’re both denying a part of who we are.
Toni Sorenson|You cannot do more than you can, so be gentle with yourself and quick to forgive your mistakes and to move on.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|No matter where you go, there’s always something to deal with; if it’s not greed, it’s lust, or envy, or pride, or something else. You just have to live your life so uncorrupted that it offsets the corruption as much as possible.
Kate Milford|...But if you want to be a good mayor—there seem to be so very few of them—that must be the sort of thing you have to be destined for. And a wish that goes against your destiny...that's always a bad idea.. Only a fool scoffs at destiny.' "'I think only a fool relies on it,' Julian grumbled. 'How can destiny decide what I'm going to be before I do?
Kenneth Grahame|I have grown up alone. I've taken care of myself. I worked, earned money and was independent at 18.
Hakim Bey|The bosom of America is open to receive not only the Opulent and respectable Stranger, but the oppressed and persecuted of all Nations And Religions; whom we shall wellcome to a participation of all our rights and previleges, if by decency and propriety of conduct they appear to merit the enjoyment.
Ivanka Trump|All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part.
Daphne du Maurier, The Scapegoat|I dragged myself to my feet, and with my hellhound in tow started off once more through the fastness of the wood, feeling, as the poet did before me, that my companion would be with me through the nights and through the days and down the arches of the years, and I should never be rid of him.
Steve Wynn|Israel always has a special filter to look at things, and that is the attitude toward Jews.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|The things that knock you down in life are tests, forcing you to make a choice between giving in and remaining on the ground or wiping the dirt off and standing up even taller than you did before you were knocked down. I’m choosing to stand up taller. I’ll probably get knocked down a few more times before this life is through with me, but I can guarantee you I’ll never stay on the ground.
Jelani Daniel|Loyalty is a very heavy weight, not everyone is able to carry it.Forward March Life Quotes
Maryse Condé, Victoire: My Mother's Mother|If I couldn't find the trail before dark, I could wake tomorrow disoriented and desperate, without having even made any new miles; my loss of the PCT should have distressed me, but a new instinct led me forward. In this moment of despair I was refusing to stop fighting. I asked the mountains for some guidance, the strength to get myself out of here, and pulled wild power from within myself I'd never known I'd had.I was no longer following a trail.I was learning to follow myself.
John Bradshaw, Dog Sense: How the New Science of Dog Behavior Can Make You a Better Friend to Your Pet|I believe consciousness is brazenly physical, a raucous mirage the brain creates to help us survive. But I also sense the universe is magical, greater than the sum of its parts, which I don't attribute to a governing god, but simply to the surprising, ecstatic, frightening everyday reality we all know. Ultimately, I find consciousness a fascinating predicament for matter to get into.
Auliq-Ice|From Jeff Greenfield: "I once asked Elie Wiesel "Are you an optimist or a pessimist?" "An optimist," he said. "I have to be.
Katherine Catmull, The Radiant Road|On one of the right-side-up pages show wrote, with some difficulty, Know what roots know: there is only one tree.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Believe in yourself, keep a can-do approach, struggle hard and watch success follow.
Bernie Sanders|The only secret to food combination is a balance of protein, carbs and fat - they all play a key role in our health.
Pega Rose, The Someday List|And damn it, I should be thinking this through. Normal people can’t leave their job to return a notebook. But this job sucks, and I haven’t taken any vacation time, like, ever. I should seriously be consulting with a lot of different people before jumping in, but that’s never been a strong suit of mine. Because there’s a need in Julienne’s voice that I haven’t heard before, and I have nothing waiting for me here that won’t be there when we get back.
Christopher Pike, Phantom|I never knew what life was until it ran out in a red gush over any lips, my hands!
Tim Tebow|To wake up in the morning and just know what I'm going to wear, it helps me get out of the house faster.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|It's a funny thing about mothers and fathers. Even when their own child is the most disgusting little blister you could ever imagine, they still think that he or she is wonderful.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Sometimes we do not realize how many people give a damn until something horrible happens. And sometimes we realize that those who should give a damn, whom we counted on giving a damn, sometimes really don’t
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|The spiritual and the physical had been blended in us with a perfection that must remain incomprehensible to the matter-of-fact, crude, standard-brained youngsters of today. Long after her death I felt her thoughts floating through mine. Long before we met we had had the same dreams.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|It's important to undermine yourself and create a level of difficulty so the work doesn't come too easily. The more comfortable you get, the more money you earn, the more successful you are, the harder it is to create situations where you have to prove yourself and make yourself not just want it, but need it. The stakes should always feel high.
Kirt J. Boyd, The Last Stop|While everyone adjusted themselves and their packs, Donna sniffed curiously at Louie's nose. Her attitude suggested she might want to make friends with the giant dog; Lou couldn't resist the temptation. Once Donna lured Louie in, she slowly, cautiously, turned about to align her hooves with Louie's head. Perhaps she didn't like dogs. Perhaps she didn't want a rival for Monty's attentions. Perhaps she was merely an impish tarkus much like the Dane himself. Cody watched as the Dane failed to grasp the gravity of his predicament. At the last moment, Cody smacked Louie's hind end, scuttling the devious donkey's murderous trap.
Brene Brown|From politics to parenting, Christians have something to say.
John Legend|It is time to return to core values, time to get back to basics, to self-discipline and respect for the law, to consideration for the others, to accepting responsibility for yourself and your family - and not shuffling it off on other people and the state.
Kelly Barnhill, The Girl Who Drank the Moon|Why shall we talk?We talk to enrich our children’s vocabulary, and to let them use their vocabulary balance so their language grows, and their balance of words doubles along with their self confidence.
Debasish Mridha|The more I learn, the more doors of information and opportunity are open to me.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|How is destruction beautiful?" He asked in a challenging tone."You may think that a broken egg is ugly and messy," she answered, "but the cake it goes into is beautiful and won't hold together without it.""Eggs don't get blown up. They get broken.""You've never seen me bake," she replied with a smirk.
Jaeda DeWalt|From the tattered edges of an exhausted mind, inspiration blooms... mental filters disintegrate and walls crumble, as the ocean of creativity washes over everything.
James Arminius|Predestination therefore, as it regards the thing itself, is the Decree of the good pleasure of God in Christ, by which He resolved within Himself from all eternity, to justify, adopt, and endow with everlasting life, to the praise of His own glorious grace, believers on whom He had decreed to bestow faith.
Joaquin Phoenix|Humor is a wonderful way to deal with our suffering because if we can laugh at our troubles, we can feel better. Thich Nhat Hanh is a special man who has helped millions with their suffering with incredible technique. But he doesn't know real suffering, because he has not dated as much as I have.
Thurman P. Banks Jr.|Understanding your dog and knowing how to control him, develop his potentials, and resolve behavior problems, emotional conflicts and frustrations are no less essential than love and respect.
Elmer Seward, Hearts in the Storm|The mistakes of doctors are innumerable. They err as a rule out of optimism as to the treatment, and pessimism as to the outcome.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|Everybody knows there is no such thing as normal. There is no black-and-white definition of normal. Normal is subjective. There's only a messy, inconsistent, silly, hopeful version of how we feel most at home in our lives.
Walt Disney|A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
Mark Alders|You see? This is why you don't get mixed up in people's lives. Because the living are messy and complicated, and things end up going to hell one way or another, every time.
Emily St. John Mandel, Last Night in Montreal|What she aspired to was a kind of delirious perfection. What Lilia wanted was to travel, but not only that; she wanted to be a citizen of everywhere, free-wheeling and capable of instant flight.
Katie Davis Majors, Daring to Hope: Finding God's Goodness in the Broken and the Beautiful|I think of the privilege it is to be able to speak life over these hurting people and believe in new life for them as we strive to love them the way we've been loved by Christ, the privilege it is to watch His faithfulness unfold in their stories.
Gary Taubes, Good Calories, Bad Calories: Challenging the Conventional Wisdom on Diet, Weight Control, and Disease|The laboratory evidence that carbohydrate-rich diets can cause the body to reain water and so raise blood pressure, just as salt consumption is supposed to do, dates back well over a century
Nicole Kiefer, Waiting in the Wings|Life is an ongoing learning path where you make mistakes & you learn from it. You get better, you grow emotionally, socially and gets mature gradually. There are significant times where we are good and when we are not so right; but later on what we choose for our-self from that learning defines how better we can become. And at the end, it is better choice to surprise self. Why ? Because, the real challenge lies in overcoming the shortfalls of own-self and competing with self only. One has to exceed the expectation from the self. Otherwise, perfection seems to be a myth! Yet, the true beauty is in saying Yes to the process to betterment, not in the final destination 'cuz the perfection can never be static or stagnant..
Anurag Kashyap|Sometimes, you have to make the choice to forgive 10 times a day when you have these pockets of anger come up. That's a lot of work, but to me it's worthwhile.
Emily Carr|Were there no women, men might live like gods.
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|Conversion, constant conversion, is the message of the Gospel.
Kent Allan Rees, Molly Withers and the Golden Tree|Every morning when I wake up, I kiss her forehead as symbol of gratitude and appreciation and she repays me back with a lovely smile.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|She was completely alone in the world. There was no one at all for her. No one in the world who cared whether she lived or died. Sometimes the horror of that thought threatened to overwhelm her and plunge her down into a bottomless darkness from which there would be no return. If no one in the entire world cared about you, did you really exist at all?
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|There should not be any excuse. If we don’t like our heritages, we've the power to change them for good. Let’s go beyond using lame excuses...
Sarmad Shaheed|Although hundreds of friends Have become my foes, The friendship of One Has given security to my soul. Rejecting many I have embraced the One-At last I am He and He is me.
Alec Baldwin|My mom, you know, took off when I was about 6. What ended up happening is I ended up being with my grandparents.
Italian proverb|Once The Game Is Over, The King And The Pawn Go Back In The Same Box
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|She was home (in Heaven). She was with the Person she was made for, in the place that was made for her.
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Lies|He’d done it again. Screwed up in a social situation and dragged the whole team down with hm. His new team. The ones who were counting on him to be a leader on and off the field. He’d led them, all right, almost into a brawl.
Kate Sherwood, Sacrati|I might wish our Windthorn men were less obsessed with war, but I have to admit it keeps them busy.
Ezra Pound|Thomas Davis was a great man where poetry is concerned, and a better than Thomas Moore. All over Ireland his poetry is, and he would have done other things but that he died young.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|...our ultimate moral principles can become so completely accepted by us, that we treat them, not as universal imperatives but as matters of fact; they have the same obstinate indubitability.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Secret Garden|Of course there must be lots of Magic in the world, but people don't know what it is like or how to make it.
Nicole J. Fortune, From Selfie To Wifey|Ladies, being able to submit to your future husband requires a deeper trust in God who created him.
Grace Willows, Into My Heart|Her words echoed in his mind. I love you, she’d said. She loved him. Hope dawned in his face. Someone loved him, not for what he once was, but loved him as he was now. He bent to kiss her but she raised her head to look with desperation into his eyes. She had to make him understand why she couldn’t stay. “I love you.” She repeated. “I won’t let him hurt you or any of my new friends.” Enrico had never known fear. He knew it now. She would leave him. He knew she would, her sense of loyalty was matched only by his own. If she thought she could protect him by leaving, she would run rather than put his or anyone else’s life in danger. She loved him. The words made his heart sing and at the same time brought him the greatest despair he had known since Katrina had betrayed him.
Alain de Botton, Art as Therapy|From 15 to 18 is an age at which one is very sensitive to the sins of others, as I know from recollections of myself. At that age you don’t look for what is hidden. It is a sign of maturity not to be scandalized and to try to find explanations in charity.
Magda Young|Chris Salamone, the respected attorney, entrepreneur, and thought leader, defines true leadership in this video and shares the story of Amber and how a girl with terminal cancer embodied true leadership.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|Sorrow spares no one, and scars respect no person.
Montel Williams|Like many young people, I believe I have potential to make a positive impact in the world.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|After all, what is every man? A horde of ghosts – like a Chinese nest of boxes – oaks that were acorns that were oaks. Death lies behind us, not in front – in our ancestors, back and back until...
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|Always remember... Perfection is not attainable, but if you chase perfection you can catch excellence and beyond. Be fearless...
Kierra C.T. Banks|Eradication of pain, deviant, or oppositional behaviors does not indicate healing; however, it can signify successful conditioning.
Debasish Mridha|Fear not! In life, problems are there to make you stronger.
Joseph Altuzarra|I have a Lab, it's fun to hang out and hike with the dog, people come up to him, and pet him, it's fun.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Giving up on a purposeful journey of life is as deadly as death! When you pursue with tenacity, and strive through the adversities and the vicissitudes of life with a mind of fortitude and get to the end of the journey, you shall surely see life. Awake! Arise and go! Never ever give up!!!
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Yeah. I mean, acknowledging is easy. Something happened or it didn't. But understanding... that's where things get sticky.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|You can’t work with people you hate and succeed. At least, you won’t get the optimum of what you would have obtained when you work with people you love.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|It seems that by the time the singular beauty of a flower in bloom can no longer pierce the veil of black or obsessive thoughts in a person's mind, that mind's connection to the sensual world has grown dangerously frayed.
Idries Shah, A Perfumed Scorpion|It is a Sufi contention that truth is not discovered or maintained by the mere repetition of teachings. It can only be kept understood by the perpetual experience of it. And it is in the experience of truth that the Sufis have always reposed their trust. Sufism is therefore not 'Do as I say and not as I do', or even 'Do as I do', but 'Experience it and you will know'.
Mehek Bassi|There’s a huge difference in sex and making love. We have sex with someone who can satisfy us physically, but we make love to someone who can satisfy us soulfully and eternally. Once you realize the fine-line between making love and having sex, you will understand the meaning of life! Life isn’t only about survival, it’s about living and so is making love. We have sex to satisfy our lust and hunger, which is nothing, but survival, but we make love to feed our soul and our mind, to fill a void that is there since a long time, that longs for a partner and that needs someone whom we want to spend the next morning with!When you have sex just for physical pleasure, you are ashamed and guilty at one point of life or another, but when you make love to someone who means everything to you, you are always proud of it. Never in life, not even a single time, you regret that time and the moments spent with that person. You will always rejoice it and remember it with equal passion and joy.
Bob Marley|The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.
Goitsemang Mvula|Intermission. Mare Internum.We will have a brief pause now. If this novel were a theater, you could go out into the lobby, wait in line for a drink, or for the bathroom. Give people a chance to admire your clothes, hair, or jewels. Step outside for some air or a smoke. Backstage the crew would be busy transforming the scenery, actors would change their costumes and redo their makeup, Some would be done until final curtain, others awaiting their first entrance.But we're not in the theater, and I am not letting you go outside this story, not really. Where we are is more like a pause between breaths. Whether you're inhaling or exhaling, there's a pause just before, like the pause you can feel more than hear before the tide reverses. Where we are is the point of intersection in the figure eight. Turned on its side the eight becomes the symbol of infinity. You can make this figure with your hips when you dance. Over and over you will return to that moment of balance before your weight shifts from one hip to the other. The balance of this story is about to shift. The scenery is changing, as we make our slow way across Mare Internum. A journey I am not going to describe. When the story begins again, some of the people you have come to know and love, or not, Dido, Bertha, Paulina, Reginus, and Joseph will appear less frequently...I don't like it when characters fade form the story, so I am apologizing in advance, but life is like that. We leave people and places and times behind. We encounter new ones. Sometimes we can't see the patterns or connections, but they are there, between one breath and the next. In the ebb and flow of tides. In the rhythm of the dance.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you meet failure, do you decide on backing up or backing out?. If you decide to fly, you have to back up. You have to rise up when you fall down!
Kate Horsley, Confessions of a Pagan Nun|Among all the wisdom and facts I learned from Giannon, I also learned the loneliness of incarnation, in which there is inevitably a separation of souls because of the uniqueness of our faces and our experiences. And I learned also the moments when the current of my life joins the current of another life, and I can glimpse for a moment the one flowing body of water we all compose.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|The sun is still there... even if clouds drift over it. Once you have experienced the reality of sunshine you may weep, but you will never feel ice about your heart again.
Utsav Shrestha|The man who gives the world fusion, will give the world everything.
Heather Donahue|What are the Democrats, the party of Jim Matheson, telling them? The message of the Democrats is that the Amercian dream is over. 'The government is all you have. Give up your dreams, and the government will save you, the government will heal you, the government will be your hope and change.' We know here in Utah, none of that is true.
Isabelle Hardesty|She looked at her best friend as he unraveled the tightly wound cord from his heart and told her what she had been hoping to hear." from the upcoming The Witch of Belle Fleur
Christopher Hitchens|How bold we are. We shy from a flame that licks the tip of our finger for a fraction of a second, and from which we are allowed the luxury of escape. But most of humankind flaunt their disobedience in the face of an eternal fire that engulfs all, and from which there is no escape. Ever.
Alice  Miller|We don't yet know, above all, what the world might be like if children were to grow up without being subjected to humiliation, if parents would respect them and take them seriously as people.
Nicholas Evans, The Horse Whisperer|It was, she believed, a simple and unassailable fact of life that if a woman went to epic lengths to throw herself on the mercy of a man, the man would not, could not, refuse.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I want you to send a hundred red balloons up into the sky every Fourth of July and make everyone who sees them wonder what the story behind them is all about. Let me live on inside of a made up story, Callum Andrew
Avery Flynn, The Negotiator|Good,’ he said. ‘Cause Maggie’s all the nightmare I can take.’I smiled. ‘Gus, I never knew you dreamed of me.’He gave me a one-fingered salute.
Anamika Mishra|Take a moment think who would actually miss you if you deactivate all your social networking accounts, whatsapp, BBM etc
Rosa Luxemburg|For so long as the Jew has even one ally, he will be convinced - in his smallness of mind - that his salvation came from that ally. It is only when he is alone - against all of his own efforts and frantic attempts - that he will, through no choice, be compelled to turn to G-d.
Michael Dell|We have little choice but to place a certain level of trust in scientists - even when it comes to the model-driven speculative discipline of climate change. And, need it be said, most scientists take great care in being honest, principled and precise.
Richard Dawkins|I'm sorry, it's true. Having children really changes your view on these things. We're born, we live for a brief instant, and we die. It's been happening for a long time. Technology is not changing it much - if at all.
Eugene B. Sledge|As I crawled out of the abyss of combat and over the rail of the Sea Runner, I realized that compassion for the sufferings of others is a burden to those who have it. As Wilfred Owen's poem "Insensibility" puts it so well, those who feel most of others suffer most in war.
Patricia C. Wrede, Across the Great Barrier|Sometimes, though, you have to do things for family, even if you'd rather not.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|Serena's not worried her friend is gonna feel bad she's not as good at tennis as Serena is. You know why? Because in order to be as good as Serena, you have to decide that your goal is that NO ONE is going to be as good as you are at tennis.Then you have to make it true.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|And in that history you're trying to connect to something that once was yours - to something purer, better, something that you lost or something, maybe, that you never knew but that you feel you knew.
Lin Yutang|People have to make journeys, what we want is people to have alternatives in public transport so that they can make a choice about the sort of way in which they're going to travel.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Right now, I had everything I could ask for. It wasn't a long list, but it was a very satisfying one, starting with the love of my life back in my arms.
Rosette Mugidde Wamambe|What Emily Dickinson does not rename or redefine, she revises beyond easy recognition.
Francesca Annis|I appreciate health care that gets to the root cause of our symptoms and promotes wellness, rather than the one-size-fits-all drug-based approach to treating disease. I love maintaining an optimal quality of life - naturally.
Jennifer Priester, Mortal Realm Witch: Learning about Magic|To go home, you usually will use that door over there." I looked where Trom gestured and saw empty space."What door?" I asked."Oh, sorry. Until you go through your closet door for the first time there won't be a door there.""So then what do I use now?" I asked."You use that door." I looked and this time what he showed me was a door-only it looked like a pet door."Is that an oversized pet door?" I asked.
Rebecca Romijn|Someone who'll bring some normalcy into my life and help me stay in touch with reality. That is something I'm curious about. There are so many actors who are married to people from non-film backgrounds, and their marriages are successful. I'm tired of dating actresses.
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|All those old myths and legends and fairytales didn't just appear out of nowhere for no good reason, you know. They came about because there really is such a thing as magic or that it once flourished in the world. Or at least there is something extraordinary that people commonly refer to, or dismiss, as magic.
