John Jakes, Orbit 3|When shall I get to kiss thee?’ I asked.‘By all means you can forever ask,’ she answered.‘Your lips ask a heavy price,’ I said.‘It’s a fair exchange of one so fair,’ she said.‘What lips are worthy for your mouth and lips?’ I asked.‘Only the discerning can this secret know,’ she answered.‘Don’t worship idols, be with the Truth,’ I said.‘In the Way of Love, both are allowed,’ she said.I said, ‘The tavern helps to heal the heart.’‘Blessed are those who heal the lonely heart,’ she answered.‘It’s not religion, the priestly robe, the wine,’ I said.‘But to the gnostic both lead to the Divine,’ she answered.‘What use to an old man of youthful lips?’ I asked.‘By such sweet kissing, he grows young!’ she answered.‘When shall the bridegroom embrace the bride?’‘When the stars are that way inclined.’I said, ‘The prayer of Hafiz is for His glory.’‘This is the prayer of angels too, in heaven,’ she answered.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Pandora opened the box with the new high-heels, put them on and went out to town.
May Martin Van Wye, Eve's Tower|But Frances was beginning to feel that somewhere along the line, property, business, and all that contributes to the creation of wealth, must give back to government enough to guarantee adequate safeguarding of human welfare. The question would be, how to protect human beings against homelessness, starvation, and dependent old age without breaking down human initiative. She was seeing this as one fundamental problem of the government of the future; seeing too that somewhere leaders must arise who will be able to cope with this problem—honest leaders who will see the problem in its many-sidedness, and at last be able to solve it constructively.
Toba Beta|Smartass Disciple: Master, please show me the way to the enlightenment.Master of Stupidity: Walk with me! [but I won't let you try to surpass me].
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown at Oxford|Edmondson has incisively discussed the ways college campuses have grown akin to upscale retirement homes for the very young, where the promise of intellectually demanding courses ranks far below the lure of new gymnastic facilities.
Woody Allen|I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
Gemma T. Leslie|Oh, pish," Penelope said. "Anyone can fly. Anyone with a friend.
Garth Nix, Sabriel|I can see time," whispered Mogget, so softly that his words were lost.
Yehuda Berg|If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Guns are like thermometers, only instead of measuring body temperatures they measure our fear.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|I love humanity, which has been a constant delight to me during all my seventy-seven years of life; and I love flowers, trees, animals, and all the works of Nature as they pass before us in time and space. What a joy life is when you have made a close working partnership with Nature, helping her to produce for the benefit of mankind new forms, colors, and perfumes in flowers which were never known before; fruits in form, size, and flavor never before seen on this globe; and grains of enormously increased productiveness, whose fat kernels are filled with more and better nourishment, a veritable storehouse of perfect food—new food for all the world's untold millions for all time to come.
Satuin Segi|You're one to talk about talking crap, Forester." Dunstan's voice interrupts the memory, and I can't help but feel a little grateful. "Accusing my dad of poisoning the swamp? What a bunch of bull.""It's not bull,"I snarl. "Your dad's dumping trash into the swamp and you know it!"Dunstan finally loses it and stands up. The boat tilts dangerously. Melanie and the twins shriek, grasping the sides like they're glued to them."You two sit down this minute!" Babette bellows. She's holding onto the motor for dear life. Neither of us listens."You wanna run that by me again?" Dunstan growls. His fingers curl into fists."Your. Dad. Is. Poisoning. The. Swamp." I let each word out slowly like Dunstan's a dumb little kid who needs help understanding.
Catherine   Miller|Every problem has a solution, even if we do not know the answer
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are paths above the paths, the paths of the birds! There are paths above the paths of the birds, the paths of the clouds! And there are paths above the paths of the clouds, the paths of the planets! When you are travelling on a path, never forget that there are higher paths, there are higher wisdoms over your head!
Dee Williams|I went to Guatemala to help build a school but left wondering what "help" would really look like... I hadn't prepared myself for how humbled I'd feel, or how hard it would be to find my footing when witnessing a cycle of poverty that seemed to defy any sort of help.
Peter Matthiessen, Shadow Country|Shit down your computer, and restart.
Wolfgang Schauble|Sharia has become an increasingly significant force in American capitalism, thanks to the embrace by Wall Street and the U.S. government of so-called Sharia-Compliant Finance. Indeed, this country's taxpayers now own the largest purveyor of sharia-compliant insurance products in the world: AIG.
George Matheson|Men ask for a rainbow in the cloud; but I would ask more from Thee. I would be, in my cloud, myself a rainbow -- a minister to others' joy. My patience will be perfect when it can work in the vineyard
William Shakespeare, King Lear|През дрипите прозира всеки грях,а мантии и шуби скриват всичко!
Lame Deer Seeker of Visions|I don't care if your the President of the United States, the Queen of England, the inventor of the microchip, a bankable movie star, or an ordinary Joe or Jill, you're no paragon in my book, but the same as a zebra or gazelle - a source of protein. In fact, I'd rather hunt you, because you're slow and feeble.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Divorce is a time of change. It really rocks a foundation of most people's lives. When we have our heart broken or our dreams taken away from us, it is a time of growth and change.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|One year I went as a pirate, but from then on I went as a hobo. It's a word you don't hear anymore. Along with 'tramp,' it's been replaced by 'homeless person,' which isn't the same thing. Unlike someone who was evicted or lost his house in a fire, the hobo roughed it by choice. Being at liberty, unencumbered by bills and mortgages, better suited his drinking schedule, and so he found shelter wherever he could, never a bum, but something much less threatening, a figure of merriment, almost.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Mostly we think of people with great authority as higher up, far away, hard to reach. But spiritual authority comes from compassion and emerges from deep inner solidarity with those who are 'subject' to authority. The one who is fully like us, who deeply understands our joys and pains or hopes and desires, and who is willing and able to walk with us, that is the one to whom we gladly give authority and whose 'subjects' we are willing to be.It is the compassionate authority that empowers, encourages, calls forth hidden gifts, and enables great things to happen. True spiritual authorities are located in the point of an upside-down triangle, supporting and holding into the light everyone they offer their leadership to.
David Mamet|Language leads a double life - and so does the novelist. You chat with family and friends, you attend to your correspondence, you consult menus and shopping lists, you observe road signs, and so on. Then you enter your study, where language exists in quite another form - as the stuff of patterned artifice.
Anonymous|I read one psychologist's theory that said  "Never strike a child in your anger." When could I strike him? When he is kissing me on my birthday? When he's recuperating from measles? Do I slap the Bible out of his hand on Sunday?
John N. Gray, Straw Dogs: Thoughts on Humans and Other Animals|In the make-up of human beings, intelligence counts for more than our hands, and that is our true strength.
Jim Rogers, A Gift to My Children: A Father's Lessons for Life and Investing|If everyone saw himself as a citizen of the world rather than of his town, city or country, the world would be a more peaceful, better place where success in all forms is abundant and available to all.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I keep hearing about a spiritual awakening, but I feel what we need instead, is a human one. It would be wonderful and empowering to become free from the disillusionment and nonsense being sold to us from gurus for centuries.
John Hanson Mitchell, Ceremonial Time: Fifteen Thousand Years on One Square Mile|That is the normal succession of things in this part of the world; you can see the various stages all over Scratch Flat. There is, for example, a small red maple swamp above my house on the northwest side of the drumlin. The swamp was probably a pond sixty years ago, but now in summer, unless you know your trees, you cannot distinguish it from the surrounding woodlands. It is only in spring, when the groundwater levels are high, that the remnant of the ice sheet makes itself apparent. Then the waters rise around the trunks of the red maple trees and, after reaching a critical level, run down across the small meadow to the north of my house.
N.K. Jemisin, The Stone Sky|I think,' Hoa says slowly, 'that if you love someone, you don't get to choose how they love you back.
Cole McCade, A Second Chance at Paris|You think you've forgotten how to dream," he said, "but really...you're just waiting for the right dream.
Joss Stirling, Stealing Phoenix|If idiots could fly, the sky would be like an airport.
Laura Lam, Pantomime|We come from nothing, we go back into nothing. That nothing is something, that something is everything.That everything is the cosmos. Is this a grand joke telling us? What we really are; just nothing.
Alexander McQueen|If there is a gay uniform, the differences are in how each man coordinates the details: the brand and cut of the jeans, the design of belts and boots, the haircut, the number and size of earrings.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|However unlikely it may seem, it is the truth and, therefore, one hundred percent likely.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.
Ian Fleming, The Spy Who Loved Me|Loneliness becomes a lover, solitude a darling sin.
William James, The Principles of Psychology|The mind is at every stage a theater of simultaneous possibilities. Consciousness consists in the comparison of these with each other, the selection of some, and the suppression of the rest by the reinforcing and inhibiting agency of attention. The highest and most elaborated mental products are filtered from the data chosen by the faculty next beneath, out of the mass offered by the faculty below that, which mass in turn was sifted from a still larger amount of yet simpler material, and so on. The mind, in short, works on the data it receives very much as a sculptor works on his block of stone. In a sense the statue stood there from eternity. But there were a thousand different ones beside it, and the sculptor alone is to thank for having extricated this one from the rest. Just so the world of each of us, how so ever different our several views of it may be, all lay embedded in the primordial chaos of sensations, which gave the mere matter to the thought of all of us indifferently. We may, if we like, by our reasonings unwind things back to that black and jointless continuity of space and moving clouds of swarming atoms which science calls the only real world. But all the while the world we feel and live in will be that which our ancestors and we, by slowly cumulative strokes of choice, have extricated out of this, like sculptors, by simply removing portions of the given stuff. Other sculptors, other statues from the same stone! Other minds, other worlds from the same monotonous and inexpressive chaos! Your world is but one in a million alike embedded, alike real to those who may abstract them. How different must be the worlds in the consciousness of ant, cuttlefish, or crab!
Nick Hahn|I tell you, Professor, growing up is a full contact sport. Somewhere in our brains, foolishness and naïveté join forces with a false sense of invincibility. Together, they score own-goals against their host’s interests. All this happens while that referee known as ‘reason’ is collapsed in a drunken stupor, unable to stop the madness. When he finally wakes up, all he can do is grant the useless penalty known as ‘hindsight’. But the outcome remains unchanged. The game is lost …
A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat|For a minute there, I thought I stood a chance. But I guess in the end, Mitchell will still be the lucky one.
Laura Prepon|I was a kid watching music videos, which were so cool and made me want to learn how to dance. I wish I could've gone to dance classes and learn, like, hip-hop dancing.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|Monsters are easy, Miss Rook. They're monsters. But a monster in a suit? That's basically just a wicked man, and a wicked man is a more dangerous thing by far.
Max Scheler|It is very important to note that the transcendence of the object is by no means a primitive component necessarily ingredient in all knowledge. It is missing in all ecstatic knowledge. In ecstatic knowledge the known world is still not objectively given. Only when the (logically and genetically simultaneous) act furnishing ecstatic knowledge and the subject which performs this act become themselves the content of knowledge in the act of reflection does the character originally given in ecstatic knowledge become a mere reference pointing to the “object.” It is only here that the object or that which turns into an object remains from now on “transcendent” to consciousness. Therefore, whenever there is consciousness, objects transcendent to consciousness must also be given to consciousness. Their structural relationship is indissoluble. Whenever self-consciousness and consciousness of an object arise, they do so simultaneously and through the same process. The categorical form of an object is not first impressed in a judgment upon a nonobjective given, not even in a one-term, simple judgment, as some people have thought (e.g., Heinrich Maier in his book *Wahrheit und Wirklichkeit*). This is a pure construction. Consciousness of an object precedes all judgment and is not originally constituted by judgment. The same holds true of consciousness of states of affairs. The consciousness of an object and the intentional object are not the result of an active [tätige] “forming” or “imprinting” which we perform on the given through judgments or any other operations of thought. On the contrary, they are the result of a pulling back, the result, that is, of the re-flexive act, in which an originally ecstatic [*ekstatisch gebender*] act turns back knowingly onto itself and comes upon a central self as its starting point. This central self can be given at every level and degree of “concentration” and “collectedness” in “self-consciousness.” What we had hold of [*das Gehabte*] remains “as” object, while the act of reflection turns the knowing back into the knower, as the result of a turning away [*Abwendung*] and a pulling back, and not of an active turning to [*Zuwendung*].From what has been said, one may very well imagine that the real world could be abolished without consciousness and the self being altered or abolished thereby. But this could in no way be the case with the world of objects that transcend consciousness. Descartes as well as Lotze misunderstood this. Where a *cogito* exists, there must also be a *cogitatur* in which a transcendent object is thought. Only a being capable of reflection (*reflexio*) and self-consciousness *can* have objects. Charlotte Bühler has recently made it seem probable that the infant does not yet possess objective consciousness. In waking from the effects of a drug we can follow the process by which the givenness of the surrounding world becomes objective again. There is one last point of contact between the problem of reality and the consciousness of transcendence. The consciousness of transcendence, as already indicated, shows how the mere ecstatic possession of reality on the level of the immediately experienced resistance of an X to the central drives of life passes over into a reflexive and thus objective possession of reality. And we find similar transitions between ecstatic remembering which is merged in the being of what is past and reflexive remembering, between ecstatic drive activities and recurrent deliberation [*Besinnung*], between ecstatic surrender to a value and objectification of a value, between identifying with an alter ego and “understanding” [*Verstehen*] another, however slightly.” ―from_Idealism and Realism_
James C. Uwandu, Almost the Whole Thing|No matter how much you know, your destiny depends on the Wisdom, Knowledge and Understanding you display.
Jack Kerouac|My fault, my failure, is not in the passions I have, but in my lack of control of them.
Stephen King|I've always looked for the perfect life to step into. I've taken all the paths to get where I wanted. But no matter where I go, I still come home.
Fidelis O Mkparu|An outdoor café and your French beret are quick ways to my soul, but a good jazz is like standing next to my heart. Don't sail away without your sail-mate, because I've charted our course to a sunset paradise. ~ Fidelis O Mkparu (2016), author of 'Love's Affliction
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|the [coat] rack above his head like a javelin.On the other side of the door was Jace. He blinked. "Is that a coatrack?"Jordan slammed the coatrack down on the ground and sighed. "If you'd been a vampire, this would have been a lot more useful.""Yes," said Jace. "Or, you know, just someone with a lot of coats.
Susan Sontag, As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980|Alone, alone. I am alone – I ache … Yet for the first time, despite all the anguish and the reality problems, I’m here. I feel tranquil, whole, ADULT.
Peter Wohlleben, The Hidden Life of Trees: What They Feel, How They Communicate – Discoveries from a Secret World|Free to move, speak, extemporize, and yet. We have not been cut loose. Our truancy is defined by one fixed star, and our drift represents merely a slight change of angle to it: we may seize the moment, toss it around while the moments pass, a short dash here, an exploration there, but we are brought round full circle to face again the single immutable fact --
Lucy Taylor|I remember arriving by train in a small Swiss town. I had walked up a steep, cobblestoned street that offered a sweeping view of the village below and a lake, which, in the late afternoon light, was like a great cloudy opal. And I remember thinking, with a sense of mounting joy, that not a single soul knew where I was at that moment. No one could find me. No one could phone me. No one could see me who knew me by name.For someone whose childhood experiences had pounded home the Sartrian concept that hell, truly, is other people, that was an awesome moment. I knew, at least for an instant, that I was free.That feeling is one I've sought to find again and again. Often I've succeeded, other times, for no reason I can figure out, the feeling of elation and freedom degenerates into a profound loneliness and sense of bitter isolation. But there is still something about arriving in a strange or unexplored city, in Hong Kong or Paris or Sydney, wandering streets one has never walked before, in a place where, only against the most astronomical odds, would one encounter a familiar
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Only nurture a broken heart that recognizes it, and is willing to put in the work of minding.
Gloria Steinem|Michelle and I don't want anyone telling us who our family's doctor should be - and no one should decide that for you either. Under our proposals, if you like your doctor, you keep your doctor. If you like your current insurance, you keep that insurance. Period, end of story.
Stephen Parrish|I'm often asked which author I am most inspired by, but I'm inspired by all authors. It takes a great deal of courage to pour your onto paper and watch silently as the world judges it loudly.
Amunhotep El Bey, The Quotations Book of life and Death|He who perseveres like an infant that falls down and keeps getting up, shall eventually find the way.”~ Amunhotep El Bey
Christina Aguilera|Mr. Sagunuma: We can never escape who we are. Instead of wasting time worrying about it, why don't you cut to he chase and love yourself?
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Reading about the response of people in stories, plays, poems, helps us to respond more courageously and openly at our own moments of turning.
Ben H. Winters, Countdown City|You’re saying the gods don’t have free will.” “The power to make mistakes,” Penny said. “Only we have that. Mortals.
Benjamin Disraeli|I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving: To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it - but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|You’re lost in your own world, in the things that happen there, and you’ve locked all the doors. Sometimes I look at you sleeping. I wake up and look at you and I feel closer to you when you’re like that, unguarded, than when you’re awake. When you’re awake you’re like someone with her eyes closed, watching a movie on the inside of your eyelids. I can’t reach you anymore. Once upon a time I could, but not now, and not for a long time.
Dan Fagin, Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation|The mountains of things we throw away are much greater than the things we use. In this, if no other way, we can see the wild an reckless exuberance of our production, and waste seems to be the index.
Tim Minchin|Understanding that you can’t truly take credit for your successes, nor truly blame others for their failures will humble you and make you more compassionate.Empathy is intuitive, but is also something you can work on, intellectually.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It may be too late, if you wait until Christmas to show those who you love, you have loved them.
Mikhail Lermontov|When you make a child happy, the best gift you will ever get will be the smile of that child!
Debasish Mridha|i used ti think poorly of our difference, that i wanted to be with you every minute of every day, you dont se things the way i do when it comes to love, and that friction may be the reason i love you all the more.
Bertrand Piccard|Training a dog, to me, is on a par with learning to dance with my wife or teaching my son to ski. These are fun things we do together. If anyone even talks about dominating the dog or hurting him or fighting him or punishing him, don't go there.
Caitlin Crews, The Replacement Wife|You already beat yourself up for enough things that aren't your fault. People who care don't want to add to that." He paused, and then added gently, "But you assumed it was about you." I finished the beer and sighed. "Arrogance," I said."I feel stupid." "Good," Michael said. "It's good for everyone to feel that way sometimes. It helps remind you how much you still have to learn.
Tom Robbins|There was no burger so soggy that he would not eat it. No tequila so mean that he would not drink it. No car so covered with birdshit and rust that he would not drive it around town (and if it were a convertible, he'd have the top down, even in rain, even in snow). There was no flag he would not desecrate, no true believer he would not mock, no song he wouldn't sign off-key, no dental appointment he wouldn't break, no child he wouldn't do tricks for, no old person he wouldn't help in from the cold, no moon he wouldn't lie under...
Emory R. Frie, Enchanted Forest|The angels that dry our eyes bear the form and the features of all we have said and thought—above all, of what we have done, prior to the hour of misfortune.
Alanea Alder, My Guardian|You can't adopt people like kittens! Aiden growled. 'I wouldn't know; someone wouldn't let me get a kitten', Meryn retorted. 'Fine, you can have a kitten, no people''Too late
Alfred Hayes, In Love|Guns, she was reminded then, were not for girls. They were for boys. They were invented by boys. They were invented by boys who had never gotten over their disappointment that accompanying their own orgasm there wasn't a big boom sound.
Trushti|What killed people wasn't a bullet, a blade, a fist to the face. What killed people was a feeling. Left too long. Sometimes in the cold, frozen. Sometimes buried and fetid. And sometimes on the shores of a lake, isolated. Left to grow old, and odd.
Lauren Wolk, Wolf Hollow|All around us, birds woke up the sky.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil.
Sam Yagan|OKCupid's model is almost entirely based on advertising, which is the way most online media is monetized these days, whether it's the news or whether it's sports, and we think online dating is going to evolve in the exact same way.
Harper Lee|Nobody truly becomes an adult. The child we have been is always there, deep inside of us. As time passes, we think we're growing, but maturity is only an illusion; a hindrance to our free child soul.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|It was not right, thought Han Fei-tzu, for his wife to die before him: her ancestor-of-the-heart had outlived her husband. Besides, wives should live longer than husbands. Women were more complete inside themselves. They were also better at living in their children. They were never as solitary as a man alone.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|You can't stop negative thoughts from coming in, but you can make sure they leave as quickly as they enter.
Ray Dalio|When push comes to shove, it ain't the science that's going to lift you up - it's the belief, the spiritual side of life, that's going to lift you up, no matter what religion you are.
Gudjon Bergmann|In an ideal world, both experifaith and storyfaith would provide spiritual aspirants of all faiths with guidance. Storyfaith would preserve tradition and teach morals through parables and examples. Experifaith would provide the blueprint for a personal path to follow. In the context of chocolate, storyfaith is a lecture about chocolate, including information about origins and fables about positive attributes, while experifaith is the literal act of tasting the chocolate.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When you imagine it, feel it, then write it - creation is inevitable.
Harun Yahya|Miss Ingram was a mark beneath jealousy: she was too inferior to excite feeling. Pardon the seeming paradox; I mean what I say. She was very showy, but she was not genuine; she had a fine person, many brilliant attainments, but her mind was poor, her heart barren by nature; nothing bloomed spontaneously on that soil; no unforced natural fruit delighted by its freshness. She was not good; she was not original; she used to repeat sounding phrases from books; she never offered, nor had, an opinion of her own. She advocated a high tone of sentiment, but she did not know the sensations of sympathy and pity; tenderness and truth were not in her
Mark F. LaMoure|When you step up to being excellent, use hard work and commitment as the two powerful forces they are. By being persistent, over time you will earn gleaming success.
Connie Willis, Bellwether|The role of the CEO is to enable people to excel, help them discover their own wisdom, engage themselves entirely in their work, and accept responsibility for making change. (164)
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|You know how I think they choose people for Gryffindor team?" said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for now reason at all. "It's people they feel sorry for. See, there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've got no money - you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no brains.
Jonas Jonasson, The Girl Who Saved the King of Sweden|Life, here I come!' he said. And was immediately and fatally run over by a bus.
Kilroy J. Oldster|Everyone experiences the feelings of sadness and loneliness. We might rue our lack of companionship, but some people present a desperate need for aloneness. Being alone allows a person to think, imagine, and take in nature. Because being alone is essential for specific human actions, similar to all other aspects of life, it is a gift.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|I invented nothing new. I simply assembled the discoveries of other men behind whom were centuries of work. Had I worked fifty or ten or even five years before, I would have failed. So it is with every new thing. Progress happens when all the factors that make for it are ready, and then it is inevitable. To teach that a comparatively few men are responsible for the greatest forward steps of mankind is the worst sort of nonsense.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|If you are not affected, if you are not hurt by what we do, then you will not do anything to stop it. The war will simply continue.
Stephen Jay Gould|What would be the nicest thing I could say about Newt Gingrich? He may be one of the great supporters of the humanities, because you have people who don't want to study the social sciences, because it's not profitable, and now Newt, as the highest-paid historian in American history, may be an encouragement to people to study history.
Mariella Frostrup|Everywhere I go, people ask me about Jennifer Aniston's wedding. Everywhere I go. I always say to her, I'm like, 'Being friends with you is a burden. You think it's hard to be friends with me?'
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|The night darkens, the stars unfriendly, the cold a knife upon her neck - but Nella waits, until she can no longer difference between Johannes and the darkness that carries him away.
Toby Barlow, Babayaga|A year ago on my twenty-third birthday, I rebuffed the advances of a beautiful young woman whom I did not love. Alas, she turned out to be a sorceress. She repaid me by casting a spell that forces every female I touch to fall into a frenzy of lust." His mouth twisted bitterly. "Thus she robbed me of one of mankind's greatest gifts - the ability to seek and find true love.
Chris Wooding, The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray|Wisdom too often never comes, so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|She sang late into the night, till her heart was full
John Green, Looking for Alaska|How can you read and talk at the same time?” I asked.“Well, I usually can’t, but neither the book nor the conversation is particularly intellectually challenging.
DeWayne Owens|God gave you purpose, the devil can’t stop it, so the person in the mirror must choose success or failure. Choose success!
Pritam Ganguly|As Ganin looked up at the skeletal roof in the ethereal sky he realized with merciless clarity that his affair with Mary was ended forever. It had lasted no more than four days—four days which were perhaps the happiest days of his life. But now he had exhausted his memories, was sated by them, and the image of Mary, together with that of the old dying poet, now remained in the house of ghosts, which itself was already a memory
Lao Tzu|Moments like this occurred more and more frequently, and I think that was the biggest difference between us. That we could look at the same stars in the same sky, but not have the same questions. Not want the same answers.
Alexandra Bracken, Through the Dark|You want to know the real reason they never let us touch or talk to each other if they could help it? It made us strong. If you have people who love you, you can fall back on them when you're afraid.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|As far as he was concerned, there were only two good positions for a human. A female on her back. And a male facedown not breathing.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Transcendent, magical romance happens when you’re one hundred percent present for each other as #supersoul lovers.
|Always protect your heart with unconditional self-love, faith and courage.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Although, we were trampled, our spirit sustains us.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|I have my way of dealing with lows in my career: I just go on a holiday. Coping with a failure of a film is like coping with a break-up. It's sad and heart-breaking, and it's not like I got over it right after my holiday; it took me some time.
Christopher Peter Grey, Leonardo's Shadow: Or, My Astonishing Life as Leonardo Da Vinci's Servant|The Duke would not pay for the works. He says that the Castle can never be taken. That is called hubris, Giacomo, the belief that you are never wrong. Believing you are never wrong is an error that afflicts great men. I have learned that to be right you must first be wrong many times. Without making errors--and learning from them--a man cannot find the truth.
L.M. Montgomery|I hardly dare believe it after that horrible day last summer. I have had a heart ache ever since then. But it is gone now.”“This baby will take Joy’s place.” Said Marilla.“Oh, no no no Marilla. He can’t, nothing can ever do that. He has his own place, my dear wee man child. But little Joy has hers, and always will have it.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|I am what I am, and I don't apologize for being honest.
kambiz shabankareh|Anyone who has read enough, explored enough and experienced enough, somewhere in his/ her life will realize that the life is repeating itself again and again and again. He/she will soon understand there is nothing new to discover, all quests of human life have been experience and discovered in the past and all we do to play the game over and over to gain a different result, like an idiot who watches movie several time and hope to see a different ending. In such age, people no to remain enthusiastic, they need to still be excited about the story, which they have heard more than millions of times. Hence, intellectuals and creators create new toys for them. The toys that practically has the same purpose and affect the same result, but ordinary human does not need to know that. They need to be interested to play, because if we stop, the world will stop, and then the age of nothingness will end. And we cannot let that happen can we?
Charles Spencer King|whilst you are a youth, think about the aged; whilst you are an aged, think about the youth
Cat Clarke, The Pants Project|There is a huge difference between a coward, and a hero. Cowards never learns from their mistakes. Like many, he masquerades as a dragon, but is a mere drunken fool, blinded by his own pride, and foolishness. And like many, cowards love inflicting pain upon the innocent. Like an ostrich, cowards hides underneath the sand, blocking all kinds of disturbances, critisisms towards them. That is not the case of heroes. Heroes on the other hand learns from their mistakes. Unlike a coward, a hero never commits the same mistakes again, and hates inflicting pain upon the innocent. They need not be blamed by others; they blame themselves, even for somethings that seem so little. By doing so, they learn from even the smallest of mistakes, and later on achieves a reward beyond imagining.
John Green|Books—they weren't ladders out of the abyss, but they were companions.
John Green, Paper Towns|Shine and shimmer my Harvest Moon,illuminate the shadows in the sky.
Sara Niles, The Journey|The very few among us who have earned the title psychopath, are the ones who deny or destroy their inner voice, their conscience: so that they are free to prey upon whom they wish with exuberance and abandon, do harm to others for their own pleasure. The sociopaths and psychopaths of the world who can put on a great show of caring but never be true to the character they deceptively portray to the world: Sick and Sadistic, Vulgar and Pathetic, the pedophiles and incestuous minded men and women who create brokenness and damage. Some are turned on by the taboos that are universally avoided because it is so obviously wrong, they love the feeling of power as they rape the sensitivity of the moral majority.
Eloisa James, My American Duchess|She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman, and nothing he'd ever thought to find in a lady.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|Papa, you were right. Love did come after security.
Dinaw Mengestu|It is always the first and last steps that are the hardest to take. We walk away and try not to turn back, or we stand just outside the gates, terrified to find what's waiting for us now that we've returned. In between, we stumble blindly from one place and life to the next. We try to do the best we can. There are moments like this, however, when we are neither coming nor going, and all we have to do is sit and look back on the life we have made.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Life is always on the way back home, after its wilful adventures.
Gabriel Luna|I am not a fitness freak, but I do my regular exercises.
Preston Sprinkle|We are a generation of lovers who long to be loved. We spend exorbitant amounts of money to compel others to delight in us. We construct our ideal life on Facebook because we are unsatisfied with our real life, which is tainted with boredom, loneliness, insecurity, and a lack of friends and followers . We do not enjoy the person God created us to be or the life God has gifted us with. We think we are overweight, underweight, too pale, too dark, too plain, or just plain boring. Yet we crave to be delighted in by a significant other. So we pursue misguided avenues to make ourselves delightful, to satisfy our craving to be loved.Charis: God's Scandalous Grace for Us (pp. 118-119).
Thomas Nashe|Growing up, I just wanted to be like everyone else. I didn't value or understand the beauty in being different at the time in my life.
Jay Samit|Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.
Svetlana Alexievich, Czasy secondhand. Koniec czerwonego człowieka|I'm afraid of freedom, it feels like some drunk guy could show up and burn my dacha at any moment.
Gary Vaynerchuk|I don't know why my smile has become a signature pose. I think it's a nice change. I think people want to see happiness, so a smile is what can bring that. I didn't make it my trademark on purpose.
Jojo Moyes, After You|Sometimes I felt as if we were all wading around in grief, reluctant to admit to others how far we were waving or drowning.
P.J.  Nel, Embarrasments for Every Occassion: Kruger Park Stories|We might treat a rabbit as a pet or become emotionally attached to a goose, but we had come from cities and supermarkets, where flesh was hygienically distanced from any resemblance to living creatures. A shrink-wrapped pork chop has a sanitized, abstract appearance that has nothing whatever to do with the warm, mucky bulk of a pig. Out here in the country there was no avoiding the direct link between death and dinner.
Heather Burch, Halflings|I was fifteen then, too young to fall in-love. Or maybe it is only then, with dew of childhood still in my eyes, that I was capable of such love. I will never know, of course.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Yes, looking through the eyes of literature we may talk about the beauty of sadness! But in the eyes of truth, sadness is just saddening; there is no beauty there, only a touching desperation!
Christian D. Larson|Will leans forward, pulls off his mask, and kisses my forehead. "I'm glad I was the one to save you this time" he whispers.
Wil Zeus|Maybe they were born of karma, their own or their parents', Zack thought; maybe the universe had a purpose for them, and they were what they were because the world needed them to be that way.
Claire Delacroix, The Beauty Bride|Morality and honor are not to be confused. "The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not been caught.
Willard F. Libby|No recorded vision is perfect, of high visions, for the seer must keep either his physical organs or his memory in working order. And neither is capable. There is no bridge. One can only be conscious of one thing at a time, and as the consciousness moves nearer to the vision, it loses control of the physical and mental.
Somya Kedia|Blurred is the picture, To not know what's next! Is it the laughter that awaits, Or sorrows lined up to dictate. Untold, unclear is...A story of our fate!
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You will not kill my girlfriend today, International Terrorists of Ambiguous Nationality!
Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?|I'm not a stranger," I said, and pointed to his book. "I'm someone who reads the same authors you do.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|I have brought you a hero’s fate, and a hero’s fate is never happy. It is never anything but tragic.
Hanne Blank, Straight: The Surprisingly Short History Of Heterosexuality|If there is a media in a country which deceives its own people, that country needs no other enemy!
Damon Throop|A hero is defined by what he or she can do, not by what he or she cannot do.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The whole justification for having such a bureaucratic system in the first place is so that balance is maintained, and so that one institution doesn't benefit at the expense of all others. Imagine the chaos that would ensue on Earth and in Hell if the Ministry of War were perpetually triumphant! Humans would be decimated and half of Hell would be out of a job.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|A man who tells secrets or stories must think of who is hearing or reading, for a story has as many versions as it has readers. Everyone takes what he wants or can from it and thus changes it to his measure. Some pick out parts and reject the rest, some strain the story through their mesh of prejudice, some paint it with their own delight. A story must have some points of contact with the reader to make him feel at home in it. Only then can he accept wonders.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|In passing, also, I would like to say that the first time Adam had a chance he laid the blame on a woman.
Brian Herbert, House Harkonnen|Discovery is dangerous . . . but so is life. A man unwilling to take risk is doomed never to learn, never to grow, never to live.
Refaat Alareer, Gaza Writes Back|The Story of the Woman with Three Brothers"A woman once had three brothers. They all had wives, but she was not married. Though she was virtuous and hardworking, her brothers would not offer a dowry. How unhappy she was! What could she do?She's so miserable, she goes to the garden and hangs herself from a tree.The eldest brother walks through the garden and pretends not to see her. The second brother walks through the garden and pretends not to see that she's dead. The third brother sees her, bursts into tears, and takes her body inside.A woman once had three brothers. When she died, no one wanted to care for her body. Though she had been virtuous and hardworking, her brothers would not serve her. How cruel this was! What would happen?She is ignored in death as in life, until her body begins to stink.The eldest brother gives one piece of cloth to cover her body. The second brother gives two pieces of cloth. The third brother wraps her in as many clothes as possible so she'll be warm in the afterworld.A woman once had three brothers. Now dressed for her future as a spirit, her brothers won't spend any money on a coffin. Though she was virtuous and hardworking, her brothers are stingy. How unfair this was! Would she ever find rest?All alone, all alone, she plans her haunting days.The eldest brother says, "We don't need to bury her in a box. She is fine the way she is." The second brother says, "We could use that old box in the shed." The third brother says, "This is all the money I have. I will go and buy her a coffin."A woman once had three brothers. They have come so far, but what will happen to Sister now? Elder brother- mean in spirit; Second brother- cold in heart; but in Third brother love may come through.Elder brother says, "Let's bury her here by the water buffalo road." (meaning she would be trampled for all eternity) Second brother says, "Let's bury her here under the bridge." (meaning she would wash away) But third brother - good in heart, filial in all ways - says, "We will bury her behind the house so everyone will remember her.
Dan Ariely, The Honest Truth About Dishonesty: How We Lie to Everyone - Especially Ourselves|Do What?' 'Lie,' he said. 'Why do you fabricate these outlandish stories?''Well,' I wanted to say, 'there are those of us who create because all around us, things visible and invisible are crumbling. We are like the stonemasons of Babylon, forever working, as it says in Jeremiah, to shore up the city of walls.'I didn't say that, of course. What I did say was: 'I don't know.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|Hallucinations are bad enough. But after awhile you learn to cope with things like seeing your dead grandmother crawling up your leg with a knife in her teeth. Most acid fanciers can handle this sort of thing. But nobody can handle that other trip-the possibility that any freak with $1.98 can walk into the Circus-Circus and suddenly appear in the sky over downtown Las Vegas twelve times the size of God, howling anything that comes into his head. No, this is not a good town for psychedelic drugs.
Akshay Vasu|She walked empty handed in the street, where everyone sold their dreams. Ignoring the cold stares of the demon, which guarded it and always craved for the taste of the things every soul hid. At the dead end, it leapt on her. Digging the nails deep into her chest, in the search of the dreams, she hid. Only to be destroyed by the light shot from her heart. The light that blinded the whole world, setting the dreams of others free.
Colin Nissan|How rude of me, we haven’t even introduced ourselves. We’re the Andersons. I’m Evan, the lovely size-zero lass in the floppy sun hat is my wife Amy, and these are our best friends/children, Evan and Amy Jr. As you can see, we’re very fit and active. You know what our family’s average percentage of body fat is? Three. Yes, really. We got it tested last year when we all became organ donors.You may have noticed that I’m carrying Amy on my back. We do that a lot. At least once a day, and not just when we’re in fields like this; we do it on beaches and in urban environments as well. That’s what happens when your love is deep and playful like ours. You should also know that we also dab frosting on each other’s noses every single time we eat cupcakes, which is both mischievous and very us. Do you guys even eat cupcakes?
Bram Stoker|The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to the heart that opens in return.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|Pain and misery are two different words, which both hurt.
Vinnie Tesla, The Erotofluidic Age|Tesla,” the vicar mused. “That’s a foreign name, is it not? Hungarian,is it?”“Serbian,” I corrected him. “I’m afraid the ——shire Teslas are ascant three centuries in these parts, having constructed Tesla Hall inthe reign of Queen Elizabeth.We are a restless people, and no doubtwill be moving on again any century now.
Mike Rutherford|My biggest pet peeve are just girls who go to sports bars who have no intention on caring what teams are playing, like they're looking for just a night out. That drives me more crazy than anything else. Like, don't pretend to be a sports fan.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Working for Mab now, are you, Wolfman?" he smirked. "Like a good little attack dog? Will you also roll over and beg if she asks?
Elizabeth Gilbert|There is so much about my fate that I cannot control, but other things do fall under the jurisdiction. I can decide how I spend my time, whom I interact with, whom I share my body and life and money and energy with. I can select what I can read and eat and study. I can choose how I'm going to regard unfortunate circumstances in my life-whether I will see them as curses or opportunities. I can choose my words and the tone of voice in which I speak to others. And most of all, I can choose my thoughts.
Rachel Hamilton|Fame means being respected by everybody, or having some quality that is desired by all men, or by most, or by the good, or by the wise.
Frank Herbert, Dune|A ruler must learn to persuade and not to compel... he must lay the best coffee hearth to attract the finest men... a good ruler has to learn his world's language... it's different for every world... the language of the rocks and growing things... the language you don't hear just with your ears... the Mystery of Life... not a problem to solve, but a reality to experience... Understanding must move with the flow of the process.
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|If man could write his own fate, he would have designed his journey to be without obstacles. Yet all obstacles come with valuable lessons designed just for you and only you. Suffering is imposed on us time and again so that one day we would become brave wise masters. That is, a strong being who is confidently aware of their intended direction in life, and fearlessly adding value to the world and their future.
M.Zuber Bhoja|Thank you,” I said, turning around a little so I could talk to him. “You’re a good friend.”“I know,” he said, as he tightened his hold around me. I leaned back against his chest, resting against him. “Beckett, I–,” I started to say, but he stopped me.“Shh,” he said. “You don’t need to say anything. Just watch the fireworks.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|For God must have more important universal matters to attend to than keeping himself busy with us, people! God is not interested in local matters!
Hiromu Arakawa|Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Thomas had no concept of time as he went through the Changing.It started much like his first memory of the Box—dark and cold. But this time he had no sensation of anything touching his feet or body. He floated in emptiness, stared into a void of black. He saw nothing, heard nothing, smelled nothing. It was as if someone had stolen his five senses, leaving him in a vacuum.Time stretched on. And on. Fear turned into curiosity, which turned into boredom.Finally, after an interminable wait, things began to change.A distant wind picked up, unfelt but heard. Then a swirling mist of whiteness appeared far in the distance—a spinning tornado of smoke that formed into a long funnel, stretching out until he could see neither the top nor the bottom of the white whirlwind. He felt the gales then, sucking into the cyclone so that it blew past him from behind, ripping at his clothes and hair like they were shredded flags caught in a storm.The tower of thick mist began to move toward him—or he was moving toward it, he couldn’t tell—increasing its speed at an alarming rate. Where seconds before he’d been able to see the distinct form of the funnel, he now could see only a flat expanse of white.And then it consumed him; he felt his mind taken by the mist, felt memories flood into his thoughts.Everything else turned into pain.
Abraham Hicks|True healers know that wellness is the order of the day, so they do not allow themselves, even for a moment, to see anything other than that. So, the power of the healer is in the power to influence the one who needs to be healed into a vibration that allows the healing that they are summoning. (that they could get, even without the healer, but they can get faster with a healer's influence).
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|My mother used to say, Preeto, there is never a right or a wrong side to a problem, but there can be to people. Not everyone here is on the right side, not everyone there is. You need to ask yourself, which side do you want to be on?
Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis|The door could not be heard slamming; they had probably left it open, as is the custom in homes where a great misfortune has occurred.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgement and effort to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.
Brent Top|We are all born to love people and use things. Unfortunately, we grow to love things and use people...
Paul Lafargue|In proportion as the mass of citizens who possess political rights increases, and the number of elected ruler’s increases, the actual power is concentrated and becomes the monopoly of a smaller and smaller group of individuals.
Gordie Howe|In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.
Marko Phiri, Fool's Gold|The small Chinese man sank onto the plush leather sofa. He sank so low on the large brown sofa, it looked like it would swallow him whole. He sat, clutching his briefcase close to his chest, his alert eyes scanning the spacious room. Opposite him, across a glass table sat a large African Minister in a freshly pressed Italian suit.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|In the first place, his startling likeness to Catherine, connected him fearfully with her. That, however, which you may suppose the most potent to arrest my imagination, is actually the least – for what is not connected with her to me? and what does not recall her? I cannot look down to this floor, but her features are shaped on the flags! In every cloud, in every tree – filling the air at night, and caught by glimpses in every object, by day I am surrounded with her image! The most ordinary faces of men, and women – my own features mock me with a resemblance. The entire world is a dreadful collection of memoranda that she did exist, and that I have lost her!
Donna Lynn Hope|Memories come back, pressing in on you, like ghost faces in the darkness pushing up the glass, trying to get into the lit room.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|I see in the fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables, slaves with white collars, advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of the history man, no purpose or place, we have no Great war, no Great depression, our great war is a spiritual war, our great depression is our lives, we've been all raised by television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires and movie gods and rock stars, but we won't and we're slowly learning that fact. and we're very very pissed off.
David Bentley Hart, The Doors of the Sea: Where Was God in the Tsunami?|At some level, it is even tempting to think that since strict materialism is among the most incoherent of superstitions - one that has never really asked the question of the being of things in any depth or with any persistence, or one that has at best attempted to conjure that question away as a fallacy of grammar - it is incapable of imagining any conception of God more sophisticated than its own. The materialist encounters an instance of unjust suffering and, by a sort of magical thinking, concludes from the absence of any immediately visible moral order that there must be nothing transcendent of material causality, in much the same way that certain of our more remote, primitive ancestors might have seen a flash of lightning in the sky and concluded that some god must have flung it from on high. In neither case does the conclusion follow from the evidence (though in the latter case the reasoning is somewhat more rigorous); and in neither case is the god at issue much more than an affective myth.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|... darkness isn't the opposite of light, it is simplyits absence, and what was radiating from the book was the light that lies on the far side ofdarkness, the light fantastic.It was a rather disappointing purple colour.
|The beginning of wisdom starts from persistently living up to your responsibilities in life, despite your circumstances.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|If one has not been able to experience God by himself, one should allow himself to be guided by the experiences of others who have experienced Him
Baris Gencel|@K11, Urban farming; It’s something nice and warm for families and kids, but also references elements of the city. Urban Farming is very important for Shanghainese people because the city has lost its connection with nature. When you buy fruit or vegetables it’s just that - a product - for kids and us, we wanted to reconnect this with the amazing process of growing plants. People need this, urban farming connects people with their roots. In this way it’s also educational
Minette Walters|It was a slaughterhouse, the most horrific scene I have ever witnessed...
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|I knew that the tears of adults were wetter, saltier, and much, much sadder than those of a child
Pablo Tusset, The Best Thing That Can Happen to a Croissant|If every word introduces a new concept, the simple phrase "all that which does not exist" is sufficient to make everything that does not exist, exist.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Forget yesterday, Act on Today and Get a hold on tomorrow.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|It isn'y explanations that carry us forward, it's our desire to go on.
William Scranton|I am grateful every morning I wake up. I've a big family full of kids, who laugh all the time and love each other.
Kathey Gray, The Blake Brothers|I'm dangerous for you, Abby.
Kentetsu Takamori, Something You Forgot...Along the Way: Stories of Wisdom and Learning|Not only must the most privileged feel they are brothers and sisters of the most destitute, but the most destitute must feel as well that something within them makes them equal to the greatest sages and geniuses.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Similar to the best soldier being the most disciplined, seasoned teacher's know that they are also students. In my opinion, this is where soldiers shine, especially in comparison to domestic law enforcement. Making every one feel like a chief does not leave many who care to listen.
Bill Skarsgard|If the Liberals' law is passed, will sex education in the schools, including elementary grades, include the same portrayals of sexual activity which presently exist in heterosexual instruction? Will there be the same presentation of homosexual activity? Of course there will.
Fakeer Ishavardas|In the struggle for life, a taste for truth is a luxury--or else a disability.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Grace for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|God reveals possibilities through impossibilities"! EL
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|He squeezed my shoulder and smiled at me.I realized that I hadn't kissed him hello, I always kissed him hello. Of course, I was still covered in blood and other bodily fluids, and none of them were his, but he might not understand that that was why I hadn't wanted to get too close. Some of my confusion must have shown on my face, because his smile widened. He turned me around by the shoulders, gave me a little push towards the bathroom, and slapped me on the ass. "Get cleaned up, I'll take care of things here.""I can't believe that you just did that," I said."Did what?" he said, and he was grinning at me.I could probably count on one hand the number of times Micah had grinned at me. His eyes were sparkling with laughter as if it were all he could do not to let it out. I was happy to see him having a good time, really I was. But I wasn't sure what was funny, and I didn't have the courage to ask. It was probably something that would be at my expense, or something I'd just done that he found cute. I was not cute. Confused, fucked-up, bruised, but not cute. Nathaniel and Damian knew better, but as I passed Gregory, I had to say, "If you touch my ass, I will rip you a new one." I said it as I moved past him, not even pausing."You're no fun," he growled.I looked back just before I turned out of sight of him. "Oh, I'm a lot of fun, just not around you."He snarled at me. "Bitch.""Woof, woof," I said, and finally made it into the bathroom.
Jim Fowler|Technology has moved away from sharing and toward ownership. This suits software and hardware companies just fine: They create new, bloated programs that require more disk space and processing power. We buy bigger, faster computers, which then require more complex operating systems, and so on.
Kami Guildner, Firedancer: Your Spiral Journey to a Life of Passion and Purpose|Now is the time to commit to your "SELF" that there will be no playing small. You have gifts to give unto the world - and a difference to make.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|His lips brushed my cheek, and I found it hard to concentrate."I lied earlier.""About what." His hands slid to my lower back."When I said you looked great? I wasn't completely honest." That was not what I expected. I turned my head the slightest and then bit back a gasp. Our mouths were centimeters apart and I thought about Brit's certainty that he would kiss me tonight. I forced my tongue to work."You don't think I look great?" "No,"he said, his expression serious as one hand followed the line of my spine, resting below the edges of my hair. He lowered his head so that his temple pressed against mine."You look beautiful tonight."My breath caught."Thank you.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|I have always thought foreigners with their unusual skin colours, mad languages and ignorant customs absolutely hilarious, and I think it's a shame that in recent years its become unfashionable to poke fun at them. I certainly don't think they themselves ever minded it.
Quin Hillyer|When considering a candidate for office, almost right up until they enter the polling booth and sometimes even in the booth itself, most voters rely more on what they see and hear themselves in real time than on facts, history, logic, or learned experience.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|My heart is a compass, and it always leads me back to you.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|The lanterns filled the sky, pulsing with the harmonious light of fireflies, and a great host of ghosts departed from the earth to join them. The higher they rose into the zenith of the heavens, the further night was chased back, until a great and radiant being resumed its throne in the sky.
J.A. Redmerski, The Black Wolf|What are you doing to me, you plague of a girl?” he whispered.“If I’m a plague, then you should keep your distance, unless you plan on being destroyed.”“No. Destroy Me.
Harry Browne|Republicans and Democrats have used accounting gimmicks and competing government analyses to deceive the public into believing that 2 + 2 = 6. If our leaders cannot agree on the numbers, if 'facts' are fictional, how can they possibly have a substantive debate on solutions?
James Blunt|We travel so much as touring musicians and artists that sometimes, when you hear a great song that you really think could be on your project, you go ahead and record it instead of try to write it.
Cindi Madsen, Falling for Her Fiance|Music may be his passion -- but this, right here, was his dream.
Robert McCammon, Swan Song|I quit smoking in December. I’m really depressed about it. I love smoking, I love fire, I miss lighting cigarettes. I like the whole thing about it, to me it turns into the artist’s life, and now people like Bloomberg have made animals out of smokers, and they think that if they stop smoking everyone will live forever.
Adedayo Olabamiji|Life is wonderful if you know how to live. However, it is now how long you live in life but how impactful is your existence on earth.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|Only write to me, write to me, I love to see the hop and skip and sudden starts of your ink.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, there is no sin in being gay. The immorality comes from engaging in forbidden behavior. Therefore, the Christian homosexual is in the same situation as the unmarried heterosexual. He (or she) is expected to control his or her lusts and live a holy life. I know this is a tough position to take, and some will argue with it. But I stand on the authority of Scripture, and I have no license to edit it.
Elisabeth Shue|Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.
Bill Gates|The same products, services or technologies can fail or succeed depending on the business model you choose. Exploring the possibilities is critical to finding a successful business model. Settling on first ideas risks the possibility of missing potential that can only be discovered by prototyping and testing different alternatives.
Tom Cochrane|If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Carmela LaVigna Coyle, Do Princesses Wear Hiking Boots?|Mommy do princesses seem at all like me?"look inside yourself and you'll see.
Arthur Conan Doyle|The cheese-mites asked how the cheese got there, And warmly debated the matter; The Orthodox said that it came from the air, And the Heretics said from the platter. They argued it long and they argued it strong, And I hear they are arguing now; But of all the choice spirits who lived in the cheese, Not one of them thought of a cow.
Norman Ollestad, Crazy for the Storm: A Memoir of Survival|Parenting, similar to aging, is not for the faint of heart. It is a sacred journey, filled with learning experiences for both parties, not all of which are easy. This journey requires that we are brave, honest, noble and resilient. Love for our children carries us through this journey and encourages us to feel more, give more, and be more than we ever thought we were capable of.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Whimsical Christian: 18 Essays|This recognition of the truth we get in the artist’s work comes to us as a revelation of new truth. I want to be clear about that. I am not referring to the sort of patronizing recognition we give a writer by nodding our heads and observing, “Yes, yes, very good, very true—that’s just what I’m always saying.” I mean the recognition of a truth that tells us something about ourselves that we had not been always saying, something that puts a new knowledge of ourselves withint our grasp. It is new, startling, and perhaps shattering, and yet it comes to us with a sense of familiarity. We did not know it before, but the moment the poet has shown it to us, we know that, somehow or other, we had always really known it.
John Muir|New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
Anthony T. Hincks|I'd prefer to be alone by myself,than alone in a room full of people.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I always hoped for this spark of chemistry and compatibility, a flash of clarity to let me know that this was the guy, this was the time, so I should leg go and enjoy myself. But it never came. And by no small coincidence, neither did I.
Gregory A. Boyd, Benefit of the Doubt: Breaking the Idol of Certainty|If you are looking for answers for your life, know that the answers are within you. When you close your eyes, and focus on your inner God (meditate), you will know what to do. Trust yourself!
Hugh Hefner|It is easy to talk on religion, but difficult to practice it.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|Let me give you a wonderful Zen practice. Wake up in the morning...look in the mirror, and laugh at yourself.
Linus Torvalds|Individual people shouldn't be fearful, because by and large our government, the federal government - people always talk; obviously, they don't trust the feds, whatever. The federal government and local communities have done a pretty good job at keeping us safe.
Jack David Eller|When my little group get together, if we disagree about something, we can sort it out. Example: Mohona Hossain hates Divargiit Singh. Hates all his movies. Hates him with a passion. She likes that other fool with the eyelashes like a lady! But we compromise. Never once have I burned a single video of hers.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|We younger Negro artists who create now intend to express our individual dark-skinned selves without fear or shame. If white people are pleased, we are glad. If they are not, it doesn't matter. We know we are beautiful. And ugly too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever wishes to learn, must begin with the knowledge of the Holy Bible.
H. Norman Gardiner, Selected Sermons of Jonathan Edwards|At this point, the sequence of my memories is disrupted.I sank into a chaos of brief, incoherent and bizarre hallucinations, in which the grotesque and the horrible kept close company. Prostrate, as if I were being garrotted by invisible cords, I floundered in anguish and dread, oppressively ridden by the most unbridled nightmares. A whole series of monsters and avatars swarmed in the shadows, coming to life amid draughts of sulphur and phosphorus like an animated fresco painted on the moving wall of sleep.There followed a turbulent race through space. I soared, grasped by the hair by an invisible hand of will: an icy and powerful hand, in which I felt the hardness of precious stones, and which I sensed to be the hand of Ethal. Dizziness was piled upon dizziness in that flight to the abyss, under skies the colour of camphor and salt, skies whose nocturnal brilliance had a terrible limpidity. I was spun around and around, in bewildering confusion, above deserts and rivers. Great expanses of sand stretched into the distance, mottled here and there by monumental shadows. At times we would pass over cities: sleeping cities with obelisks and cupolas shining milk-white in the moonlight, between metallic palm-trees. In the extreme distance, amid bamboos and flowering mangroves, luminous millennial pagodas descended towards the water on stepped terraces.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues....[But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.
John Madden|I tried golf for a while, but I wasn't very good at it, so I didn't play a lot of golf. I enjoy all sports, not just football. I like basketball, baseball, and I got into the World Cup. So really, sports in general are my life, and football specifically.
Amah Lambert|Our place of birth is not so much as important as our place of berth, yet we can't moore. If we do we know our birthplace for the first time.
Michael Perry|Mom is a compulsive reader. She reads for pleasure, she reads to edify herself, but more often than not, she reads because she can't help it. I understand. The minute I find myself sitting still, I start rummaging around for printed material.p 97
Luigi Pirandello|You don't know what it means to live the life that you could have lived, if an event over which you have no control, an unforeseeable circumstance, had not distracted and diverted you, and at times crushed you, as has happened to me.
Kelly J. Cogswell, Eating Fire: My Life as a Lesbian Avenger|Conversely, the red plant itself burns a brighter red when set off by the green than when it grows among its peers. In the bed I always reserved for poinsettia seedlings, there was little to distinguish one plant from its neighbours. My poinsettia did not turn scarlet until I planted it in new surroundings. Colour is not something one has, colour is bestowed on one by others.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|He held up the AK-47, the muscles in his arm bunching against the weight. “This is an assault rifle.” Then held up the handgun. “This is a semi-automatic pistol.” Then he gave a little thrust of his hips and looked down at his penis. “That is my gun. As you’ve discovered, it’s pumpaction like a shotgun , but it doesn’t fire bullets.
Nick Harkaway|Maybe it's stress or anger or adrenaline or disillusionment or a bullying nature or simple fear of getting killed themselves, but there is a problem if a cop cannot tell the difference between a menacing gangster and the far more common person they encounter whose life is a little frayed and messy.
Lance Morrow|There's more to people than some defined label," said Arcie. "There are more than straight good and evil, aye, even more than law or disorders or fence-sittin. There's prejudice, whimsey, affection, superstition, habit, upbringing, alliance, pride, society, morals, animosity, preference, values, religion, circumstance, humor, perversity, honor, vengeance, jealousy, frustration...hundreds o' factors, from the past and in every present moment, as decides what some one person'll do in an individious situation.
Salman Rushdie, Shalimar the Clown|Sardar Harbans Singh passed away peacefully in a wicker rocking-chair in a Srinigar garden of spring flowers and honeybees with his favourite tartan rug across his knees and his beloved son, Yuvraj the exporter of handicrafts, by his side, and when he stopped breathing the bees stopped buzzing and the air silenced its whispers and Yuvraj understood that the story of the world he had known all his life was coming to an end, and that what followed would follow as it had to, but it would unquestionably be less graceful, less courteous and less civilized than what had gone.
Sara Pennypacker, Pax|The plain truth can be the hardest thing to see when it's about yourself. If you don't want to know the truth, you'll do anything to disguise it.
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|He was now working his way through the many shades of grief. Sadness made everything gray, he'd learned, but there were different types of gray, some darker than others. There were dark spots in his memories he wasn't brave enough to enter.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|We should not take part in acting a lie any more than in telling a lie. Weshould not say that men are equal where they are not equal, nor proceed uponthe assumption that there is an equality where it does not exist; but we shouldstrive to bring about a measurable equality, at least to the extent of preventingthe inequality which is due to force or fraud.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|When a man sleeps he is shut up within the narrow activities of his physical life. He lives, but he knows not the varied relations of his life to his surroundings, - therefore he knows not himself.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Dude! said a party pony as he unloaded his gear. Did you see that bear guy? He was all like: 'Whoa, I have an arrow in my mouth!
José N. Harris, Mi Vida|I’M SORRYI am developing a new board game. It’s called “I’m Sorry.” It’s also a form of “Self-Help Psychological Therapy!”You take turns moving around the board like Monopoly. But if you land on a Yellow or Green “I’m Sorry Space”… you have to make a Phone call. Both green and yellow cards are labeled- the same with things like: Your Ex, Parental figure, friend, co-worker, boss, children, etc. You get the point…If you land on the yellow space, the game stops, everyone gets quiet and you have to call that person up – on speakerphone. You apologize for something you’ve done in your past. Come on you know you are not perfect and you probably screwed up, hurt or disappointed everyone in your past at one time or another. So you call and you apologize. You explain what you did to them wrong if they forgive you, you move forward 10 places and everyone cheers! No forgiveness back- you move back to the beginning.If you land on the green space- it’s similar. But you call the person up and you try to explain to them how, in someway, they hurt you in the past. If they apologize… cheers and you move forward 10 spaces. No apology… move backward ten spaces. They curse at you- game over.In the original packaging of the yellow and green cards, are mixed in a set of “I’m Sorry Cards.” If you are lucky enough to get to pick up an “I’m Sorry Card,” it’s like a Get Out of Jail Free Card, and you don’t have to make the call.The only catch is that the cards come hermetically sealed. After opening up the package, and the cards are exposed to air, all of the “I’m Sorry Cards,” magically turn into “Deal With it Cards!” And so, you really never get a free ride. In reality, every time you pick up a yellow or green card, you have to- Deal with It!Of course you can always order a new factory set of sealed of “I’m Sorry Cards.” But they only last about 30 minutes and are very expensive, so you’ll have to play fast. Cute Game? Hey, don’t steal my idea!!!
Tiffany Quay Tyson, Three Rivers|As I've gotten older, I realize I'm certain of only two things. Days that begin with rowing on a lake are better than days that do not. Second, a man's character is his fate. And as a student of history, I find this hard to refute. For most of us our stories can be written long before we die. There are exceptions among the great men of history, but they are rare..
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Love… is friendship. A deep, lasting foundation that you both decided to set on fire.
Donna Lynn Hope|Only strong women, and they seem to be rare, can handle a frank and direct woman who doesn't sweet-talk or need others to nerve her. You can identify the easily intimidated because they need a gaggle of like-minded clones to back them up when they feign offense, which is merely a guise for their insecurity.
Ejump Schiffler|One forgets that part of one's performance is one's history—or sometimes the lack of it. You're playing against what an audience knows, what they expect. This seems to be true of all performers; there's baggage that gets carried into the venue that we can't see.
Greg X. Graves, Bears, Recycling and Confusing Time Paradoxes|Everyone in prison has an ideal of violence, murder. Beneath all relationships between prisoners is the ever-present fact of murder. It ultimately defines our relationship among ourselves.
Brandi L. Bates|When my son speaks of playing sports, I've always told him: playing on the team is great, but aspire to be the guy who owns the team. I've always told my son: most of the guys on the team will end up bankrupt with bum knees, but not the guy who owns that franchise.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|When a teacher is paying extra attention to your child, you believe that it's because you raised such an exceptional kid, one that stands out head and shoulders above the rest of her booger-eating friends.
Joe Bastianich|I am extremely involved in the design process of both my brands, Winter Kate and House of Harlow 1960.
Rory MacLean|'Use Somebody' I posted - it was the end of 2009, around Christmas. That was my first video.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With the same habit of mind, even if you live thousands of lives, all will be the same! Get a different habit of mind to get a different life!
John Owen Theobald, What the Raven Brings|Queen Bee hates me. I know, as I reach the door, that nothing good waits for me on the other side. When you're called to see the Commanding Officer, you're either getting a medal or a kick in the arse.And I'm not getting any medals.
Nick Stewart|And then this happened. And then this other thing happened. Oh, and I almost forgot to tell you about the time this happened. I should've had this book over for a cup of coffee and a chat.
Onyi Anyado|For me, it’s not just about blessing my generation, I've done that already, I also have to be a father to the fatherless.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|No matter how short or long your journey to your accomplishment is, if you don't begin you can't get there. Beginning is difficult, but unavoidable!
Ann Patchett, State of Wonder|Hope is a horrible thing, you know. I don't know who decided to package hope as a virtue because it's not. It's a plague. Hope is like walking around with a fishhook in your mouth and somebody just keeps pulling it and pulling it.
Michele Bachmann|When a deep injury is done us, we never recover until we forgive.
Debasish Mridha|To find the deep meaning of life, you must get lost in the blue sky and go beyond your comfort zone.
Dhani Jones|Feminine force is that inner strength, that power, that will to face down any negative circumstances in life and defeat them.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|Life is too short to have debts and doubts, Pay the bills, no regrets, be up and about.
Kristen Ashley, Motorcycle Man|It was awful, he cried, awful, awful!Still, the sun was hot. Still, one got over things. Still, life had a way of adding day to day.
Airicka Phoenix, Touching Eternity|His eyes danced like a teenager. "Eat anyone alive today?" her father joked.Ruby returned his wicked grin and sauntered into the living room. "Not today, but tomorrow's another day.
Ellen Malcolm|My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Every nation, every woman and every man must work out their own salvation.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|I was good at fabricating the truth when necessary to protect someone, even myself.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|What is the point of being humans, if our actions scream with more bestiality than humanity!
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|It’s cool when fashion recycles itself, it’s not cool when sustainable living does because it means there was (and is as I write) a period of absolute and possibly irreversible destruction.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have become so tolerant and accepting of the world’s ways that it is hard for many in the church to notice the sin much less answer how it crept in. The church is to be in the world, but worldliness is not to infiltrate the church.
Walter D. Wintle|If you think you are beaten, you areIf you think you dare not, you don't,If you like to win, but you think you can'tIt is almost certain you won't.If you think you'll lose, you're lostFor out of the world we find,Success begins with a fellow's willIt's all in the state of mind.If you think you are outclassed, you areYou've got to think high to rise,You've got to be sure of yourself beforeYou can ever win a prize.Life's battles don't always goTo the stronger or faster man,But soon or late the man who winsIs the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!
Paul Stefaniak|Mortals live but their souls are little more than raw energy coursing through flesh. When they die that energy is broken down and returned to the cosmos. There is no heaven, and no hell. Only delusion.
James Luceno, Darth Plagueis|Rarely did events play out as imagined, in any case. The order of future events was transient. In the same way that the past was reconfigured by selective memory, future events, too, were moving targets. One could only act on instinct, grab hold of an intuited perfect moment, and spring into action.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lend your ears to the deaf, your eyes to the blind, your hands to the weak, your tongue to the mute, your mind to the perplexed, and your heart to the weary.
Neal Asher, Polity Agent|It all came back to human time and utterly human impulses: in the end, gods did not appreciate godlike power, but humans did.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|To have the truth in your possession you can be found guilty, sentenced to death.
Sarah Perry|If a reasoned creator set the stars in their place then we must be capable of understanding them - we must also be creatures of reason, of order!
Debasish Mridha|Life has its ugliness and ups and downs, but look for the beauty and you will find it.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Start shaping your own day. Start walking your own walk. This journey is yours, take charge of it. Stop giving other people the power to shape your life.
Jorge Ramos|You have to show reality as it is, not as you wish it to be.
Anita Shreve, Fortune's Rocks|I usually like to interact with people who don't speak until it's necessary but I was intimidated by Carl's physique. I didn't feel inferior so much as incompatible. Carl existed on a plane where success was measured by physical feats. He had a brain because his body needed it, rather than the opposite. I didn't understand such people. I didn't know what they wanted, or might do.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The truth is, forgiving is a rather simple concept to grasp. It is often imagined that when you forgive, you have to reconcile with someone and yet this is a larger team in which forgiveness is just a player.
Miroslav Volf|Therefore, the church is not absolutely necessary as an object of faith, not even for us today, for then Abraham and the other prophets would not have given assent to those things which were revealed to them from God without any intervening help of the church.
Alan W. Watts, The Way of Zen|Since opposed principles, or ideologies, are irreconcilable, wars fought over principle will be wars of mutual annihilation. But wars fought for simple greed will be far less destructive, because the aggressor will be careful not to destroy what he is fighting to capture. Reasonable - that is, human - men will always be capable of compromise, but men who have dehumanized themselves by becoming the blind worshipers of an idea or an ideal are fanatics whose devotion to abstractions makes them the enemies of life.
Anthony Eden|But, my dear sirs, when peace does come, you may call on me for any thing. Then will I share with you the last cracker, and watch with you to shield your homes and families against danger from every quarter.
Sonia Rumzi|The manager swiftly overtook him, sliding effortlessly past the skinny Englishman, with the practiced ease of someone used to slinking around ailing, despotic monarchs.
Irvin D. Yalom, Momma and the Meaning of Life: Tales of Psychotherapy|Upon learning that her cancer had spread to her spine, Paula prepared her thirteen year-old son for her death by writing him a letter of farewell that moved me to years. In her final paragraph she reminded him that the lungs in the human fetus do not breathe, nor do it's eyes see. Thus, the embryo is being prepared for an existence it cannot yet imagine
Michael Hogan, Winter Solstice|We fit the pieces of our life together in a pattern,but there is no image on the puzzlebox to guide us.
Jill Stein|Cheney, Rumsfeld - they were Shakespearean in their attitude of impunity.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Cath couldn't control whether she saw Levi on campus. But she could worry about it, and as long as she was worrying about it, it probably wasn't going to happen. Like some sort of anxiety vaccine. Like watching a pot to make sure it never boiled.
Sergio Troncoso, The Nature of Truth|Sometimes I feel that the wars in my country ended so early, we are still thirsty of bloodshed, murder and killing. We lost too many but not enough, the transformation from barbarian society to a human didn’t complete yet.
Bertrand R. Brinley, The New Adventures of the Mad Scientists' Club|Hoh, Boy!" Freddy snorted, slapping his palm to his forehead. "I hope you never donate your brain to science. It would set civilization back fifty years.
Max F. Perutz, I Wish I'd Made You Angry Earlier: Essays on Science, Scientists, and Humanity: Essays on Science, Scientists, and Humanity|[In the case of research director, Willis R. Whitney, whose style was to give talented investigators as much freedom as possible, you may define 'serendipity' as] the art of profiting from unexpected occurrences. When you do things in that way you get unexpected results. Then you do something else and you get unexpected results in another line, and you do that on a third line and then all of a sudden you see that one of these lines has something to do with the other. Then you make a discovery that you never could have made by going on a direct road.
Robert Ellsberg, The Saints' Guide to Happiness|Remember that everything that is good, whatever it’s origin, comes from the holy spirit.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|A geas was a contract with the goddess of Fate. Sometimes one was born indentured, other times it was bestowed upon one as a curse. Because if one did not fulfill the terms of one's geas, one died. It was old magic, the magic of the gods, spoken in the tongues of those who controlled the dragons—and it was supposed to be extinct.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|I was just thinking that it would be nice if, for once in a while, life made things easier,” I told him, feeling annoyed. “Why does life have to throw impossible tasks at us all the time for crying out loud?” At hearing my debate, Luna huffed.“Because life’s a bitch,” she growled under her breath, sulking. “That’s why.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney|Man searches constantly for identity, he thought as he trotted along the gravel path. He has no real proof of this existence except for the reaction of other people to that fact. So he listens very closely to what people say to one another about him, whether it's good or bad, because it indicates that he lives in the same world they do, and that all his fears about being invisible, impotent, lacking some mysterious dimension that other people have, are groundless.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Fiction is the lie that tells the truth, after all.
Leonard Perlmutter, The Heart and Science of Yoga: The American Meditation Institute's Empowering Self-Care Program for a Happy, Healthy, Joyful Life|If I am not the body that was born and dies, and I am not the mind that always changes, then who am I? The One who is aware of the body, aware of the mind, and aware of the questions.
George William Russell|Here's my rule: You always want to pay cash for your own books, because if they look at the name on the credit card and then they look at the name on the book jacket, then there's this look of such profound sympathy for you that you had to resort to this. It really is withering.
Constantin Fahlberg|Your audience is your adversary. If you don't have one get one - imagine it. Imagine it now. To whom is your story addressed and why? Audience is always a creative act of the imagination. You can't tell your story effectively and leave it out. It must be alive in you, vividly alive. It is in conflict with everything that is false in what you have written. If it is an audience worthy of your talent and potential, it won't let you slide by the lies, the laziness, the shortcuts. If you don't take audience seriously, you can be sure it will return the favor.
Vironika Tugaleva|It is not how many times we get lost, but how many times we seek the path, again and again, that determines our level of consciousness.
Compton Gage|Could thou not make those that have been made, and be now, and that are for to come, at once; that thou might shew thy judgement the sooner?
Michael Grant, Gone|Drake's whip hand spun Diana like a top.She cried out. That sound, her cry, pierced Caine like an arrow.Diana staggered and almost righted herself, but Drake was too quick, too ready.His second strike yanked her through the air. She flew and then fell.“Catch her!” Caine was yelling to himself. Seeing her arc as she fell. Seeing where she would hit. His hands came up, he could use his power, he could catch her, save her. But too slow.Diana fell. Her head smashed against a jutting point of rock. She made a sound like a dropped pumpkin.Caine froze.The fuel rod, forgotten, fell from the air with a shattering crash.It fell within ten feet of the mine shaft opening. It landed atop a boulder shaped like the prow of a ship.It bent, cracked, rolled off the boulder, and crashed heavily in the dirt.Drake ran straight at Caine, his whip snapping. But Jack stumbled in between them, yelling, “The uranium! The uranium!”The radiation meter in his pocket was counting clicks so fast, it became a scream.Drake piled into Jack, and the two of them went tumbling.Caine stood, staring in horror at Diana. Diana did not move. Did not move. No snarky remark. No smart-ass joke.“No!” Caine cried.“No!”Drake was up, disentangling himself with an angry curse from Jack.“Diana,” Caine sobbed.Drake didn’t rely on his whip hand now, too far away to use it before Caine could take him down. He raised his gun. The barrel shot flame and slugs, BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM.Inaccurate, but on full automatic, Drake had time. He swung the gun to his right and the bullets swooped toward where Caine stood like he was made of stone.Then the muzzle flash disappeared in an explosion of green-white light that turned night into day. The shaft of light missed its target. But it was close enough that the muzzle of Drake’s gun wilted and drooped and the rocks behind Drake cracked from the blast of heat.Drake dropped the gun. And now it was Drake’s turn to stare in stark amazement. “You!”Sam wobbled atop the rise. Quinn caught him as he staggered.Now Caine snapped back to the present, seeing his brother, seeing the killing light.“No,” Caine said. “No, Sam: He’s mine.”He raised a hand, and Sam went flying backward along with Quinn.“The fuel rod!” Jack was yelling, over and over. “It’s going to kill us all. Oh, God, we may already be dead!”Drake rushed at Caine. His eyes were wide with fear. Knowing he wouldn’t make it. Knowing he was not fast enough.Caine raised his hand, and the fuel rod seemed to jump off the ground.A javelin.A spear. He held it poised. Pointed straight at Drake.Caine reached with his other hand, extending the telekinetic power to hold Drake immobilized.Drake held up his human hand, a placating gesture. “Caine…you don’t want to…not over some girl. She was a witch, she was…”Drake, unable to run, a human target. The fuel rod aimed at him like a Spartan’s spear.Caine threw the fuel rod. Tons of steel and lead and uranium.Straight at Drake.
|Love isn't meant to hurt. But if it does, then it is absolutely not a true love.
Michael Pollan|I genuinely enjoy the process of making colourful, delicious food. But I do allow myself an occasional piece of chocolate - today I had a pastry. If I fancy something, I'll have it.
Steven Herrick, Cold Skin|I confess myself utterly at a loss in suggesting particular reforms in our ways of teaching. No discretion that can be lodged with a school-committee, with the overseers or visitors of an academy, of a college, can at all avail to reach these difficulties and perplexities, but they solve themselves when we leave institutions and address individuals.
Thomas Brodie-Sangster|On Christmas, my family and I see a movie and go out for Chinese food. We don't celebrate Christmas in the traditional sense, in that we do not actually celebrate Christmas.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|I understood that to live is to be free ... that to have friends is necessary ... that to fight is to stay alive ... that to be happy you just need to want ... I learned that time heals ... that the grudge disappears ... that disappointment does not kill ... that today is a reflection of yesterday. I understood that we can cry without shedding tears ... that true friends remain ... what a pain strengthens ... what to win magnifies... I learned that dreaming is not fantasize ... that to smile you have to make someone smile ... that beauty is not what we see, but what we feel ... that the value is in the strength of achievement ... I realized that words have power ... that to accomplish is better than to talk ... that the look does not lie ... that living is learning from mistakes ... I learned that everything depends on the will ... that the best is to be ourselves ... that the SECRET of life is LIVE! ""And one of the things I learned is that one should live though. Although, one must eat. Although, we must love. Although, it must die. Even it is often the very although that pushes us forward. It was the despite of that gave me an anguish that unsatisfied was breeder my own life.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|The divine is at the edge of our awareness and vision, but it is also within us as the first seeker found when all seemed lost completely. In order to find the dream of life again, we must first find the way that the dream exists within our own souls. We may be daunted by the surfacing of all the dilemmas and trouble of this troubled world, but the deep self and soul within us already knows how we are intended to swim in the blessed turmoil of the waters of life. For humans exist to bring meaning to the surface of life and awareness to the dream of existence.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|Some people believe that it isn’t so much power that is exchanged in TPE, as it is authority. The intrinsic difference between power and authority can best be explained thusly: If we were talking about a car, then power would be what was under the hood. Exercising that power would mean taking the car out for a spin. Having the authority to do so might involve a driver’s license, possessing the keys, or having the title and registration.
Donna Goddard, Love's Longing|It is warmer here. Can you see the light? Trust it. It is safe. It has lived a long time. It has seen much more than you. You fight a demon that you once knew but the demon is already slain. And from the corner of your eye you will see the scattered, sacred fire reform again. Settle, settle. Peace, peace
George Burns|There is a plan and a purpose, a value to every life, no matter what its location, age, gender or disability.
Bernard Cornwell, Warriors of the Storm|I would hear him screaming, I would watch him bleed, I would tear his flesh piece by piece before I would worry about Æthelflaed. This was family. This was revenge.
M.F. Moonzajer|Viewed in this light, life itself appears as a dynamics of integration that is equipped with auto-therapeutic or 'endo-clinical' competencies and refers to a species-specific space of surprise. It has an equally innate and - in higher organisms - adaptively acquired responsibility for the injuries and invasions it regularly encounters in its permanently allocated environment or conquered surroundings. Such immune systems could equally be described as organismic early forms of a feeling for transcendence: thanks to the efficiency of these devices, which are constantly at the ready, the organism actively confronts the potential bringers of its death, opposing them with its endogenous capacity to overcome the lethal. Such functions have earned immune systems of this type comparisons to a 'body police' or border patrol. But as the concern, already at this level, is to work out a modus vivendi with foreign and invisible powers - and, in so far as these can bring death, 'higher' and 'supernatural' ones - this is a preliminary stage to the behaviour one is accustomed to terming religious or spiritual in human contexts. For every organism, its environment is its transcendence, and the more abstract and unknown the danger from that environment, the more transcendent it appears.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river.
Jonathan Carroll, White Apples|If you are a success in life, there are places you must go and pay to be humiliated. It is an unwritten law that human beings must be tormented throughout their lives in one way or another. If you are fortunate enough to have risen to a social level where no one does it to you for free, then you must pay for the service. 
Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldier's Education|The best thing we could have done for Afghanistan was to get out of our Humvees and drink more green chai. We should have focused less on finding the enemy, and more on finding our friends.
Farshad Asl|The day is crisp and clear, almost like every other morning he's taken the same walk in the snow, hiking to the forest and back.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|To his eyes all seemed beautiful, but to me a tinge of melancholy lay upon the countryside, which bore so clearly the mark of the waning year, Yellow leaves carpeted the lanes and fluttered down upon us as we passed, The rattle of our wheels died away as we drove through drifts of rotting vegetation--sad gifts, as it seemed to me, for Nature to throw before the carriage of the returning heir of the Baskervilles.
Vironika Tugaleva|To know yourself, you must first sacrifice the illusion that already you do.
Petra Hermans|Wherever there is true grace, there is a desire for more grace.
Misty Copeland|I'm a humanist. I always believed, even with Cirque du Soliel, that this is my way to contribute to a better world. I believe I'm very privileged, but many people face the reality when they wake up in the morning of not having food or a glass of water. Life's been good to me, and I believe you have to feed the circle of life.
Budd Schulberg, What Makes Sammy Run?|Neither the student nor I would mind in the least fair criticism and correction, but no one will permit himself to suffer criticism and correction from another whose knowledge and understanding of the subject is less than the one criticized and corrected; whose knowledge and understanding of the subject is susceptible to doubt as to its true worth and validity.
Carlos Castenada|God! when you think of all the things you could do and yet somehow never do! All the opportunities you let slip by! The idea, the inspiration just doesn't come fast enough. Instead of being open, you're closed up tight. Thats's the worst sin of all - the sin of omission.
L.H.|Everything is light, everything is warmth, everything is electricity, everything is a magnetic field, everything is you.
Imran Khan|The war on terror is the most insane and immoral war of all time. The Americans are doing what they did in Vietnam, bombing villages. But how can a civilised nation do this? How can you can eliminate suspects, their wives, their children, their families, their neighbours? How can you justify this?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Yet he understood that there are some things you feel and others that you choose to feel, and that the choice doesn't make the feeling less valid.
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|Many of the traditional approaches to interfaith dialogue have assumed that it can be successful only if agreements are reached about amorphous concepts and themes that various traditions may have in common. These approaches have also assumed that participants have to "weaken" or "compromise" elements of their own faith... this is not necessarily constructive for engaging in interfaith understanding and dialogue. It is only when participants have a deep understanding of their own religious traditions and are willing to learn and recognize the richness of other religious traditions that constructive cooperation can take place between groups from different faiths. (by Cilliers, Ch. 3, p. 57-58)
Debasish Mridha|Trust your imagination, dreams, and hopes. Just never forget to take actions to justify your trust.
Kate Chopin|So does he live, seeking, finding, joying and suffering.
Debasish Mridha|Follow the feelings of your heart, you will find the love.
Mstislav Rostropovich|Unlike other enduring characters such as 'Sherlock Holmes' or 'Tarzan,' being the 'Doctor' allows you a certain freedom that is both very demanding and very thrilling. It allows you to make the character using elements of yourself.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|A leader first tries to listen, then tries to understand, then creates a common vision and then together takes action for the realization.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love came, it saw, and it conquered me.
Glenn Beck, The 7: Seven Wonders That Will Change Your Life|Religious fanaticism and hatred are a world-devouring fire, whose violence none can quench.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want your prayers answered, you get off your knees and do the one thing you’re praying someone else will do for you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If something makes you wealthier,it is of considerable importance.If something makes you happier,it is of substantial importance.If something makes you better,it is of monumental importance.If something makes you wiser,it is of astronomical importance.
Arun Gandhi, Legacy of Love: My Education in the Path of Nonviolence|For generations, the Gandhi family has been more spiritual than religious. This may seem to be a contradiction, but it is not. The Gandhis have drawn a clear distinction between two terms. Spirituality refers to the aspiration of our true nature, and ultimate realization of the Self. Religion, on the other hand, as in many cases come to mean a dogmatic observance of rituals that one practices at specified times of the day or week.
Andrea Speed, Infected: Shift|God, he was so beautiful. It was the tragic kind of beauty too, the kind you knew was doomed from the start. A face that launched a thousand ships and dug a million graves.
Bill Watterson|[Calvin, who has the chicken pox, calls Susie on the telephone.] Susie: Hello? Calvin: Hi, Susie! It's me, Calvin! I was wondering if you'd like to come over and play. Susie: Why, sure! Boy, I don't think you've ever invited me to... Calvin's Mom: Calvin, what are you doing? Calvin: Nothing, Mom. Go away. Calvin's Mom: You're contagious! You can't have anyone over to play! Calvin: Shhhh! Shhhh! You'll spoil the whole thing! I was going to trick Susie into catching... HEY! OW! LET GO! Susie: [Hanging up the phone] Any chance of getting transferred, Dad?
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Do I dream you? Or you dream me? Or does someone, something bigger than all' - her hands swept the vast constellations above them - 'this beauteous calamity, dream everything we see and more?
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|Think about what it would mean to fight," he said. "Say we barricade ourselves here in the hotel and refuse to leave. They come at us with their Weapon, whatever it is. Some of us are hurt, some die. We go out to meet them with whatever weapons we can find - sticks, maybe, or pieces of broken glass. We battle each other. Maybe they set fire to the hotel. Maybe we march into the village and steal food from them nad they come after us and beat us. We beat them back. In the end, maybe we damage them so badly that they're too weak to make us leave. What do we have? Friends and neighbors and families dead. A place half destroyed, and those left in it full of hatred for us. And we ourselves will have to live with the memory of the terrible things we have done.
Richard Bandler|If you can't enjoy what you have, you can't enjoy more of it.
Ryū Murakami, Piercing|Our memories and events in our lives are untidy things. We wish that we can file them away and shut the door, or wish the opposite - that they would stay forever.
David Blaine|It is only hope which is real, and reality is a bitterness and a deceit.
Debra Winger|For me, good films and good books are irreducible to a lesson. You can't just kind of translate them into one statement. On the contrary, the more you do that, the less wisdom in art there is.
Raphael Zernoff|You are the very creator and co-creator of your own reality. When you allow yourself to remember what you already know about yourself on the spirit level, you shine the light of unconditional love, compassion and understanding. You become more of who you truly are, when you choose compassion and kindness. It must start from being kind to yourself.
Melina Marchetta|There's nothing to took forward to any more if you don't have dreams," he said. "Because dreams are goals and John might have run out of goals. So he died.
Osman Welela, Of Men Made Gods|Revenge is a business of calculation, best served cold. Rescue holds more of sacrifice, suicidal danger, and all manner of other madness that should have me running in the opposite direction.
Jessica Sorensen, The Destiny of Violet & Luke|Finally I find it, the book, but as I’m pulling it out of the stack I hear a noise coming from my toy room. It sounds like scratching or scraping maybe and my mind instantly goes to the possibility that maybe it’s a monster or a dragon or something else with claws. My hand shakes a little as I stand up and turn back toward the room. When I step into it, I feel the wind hit my cheeks. I shine the light around and notice one of the windows is open. I don’t understand why. I didn’t open it and I don’t think it was open when I came down here. What if it was a monster? I sweep the flashlight around the room at all my toys as I start back toward the corner. Then the light lands on something tall… I hear voices. Ones that don’t sound like they belong to a monster, but just people. But that’s what they end up being. Terrible, horrible monsters.
Michel de Montaigne, Apology for Raymond Sebond|Can anything be imagined so ridiculous, that this miserable and wretched creature [man], who is not so much as master of himself, but subject to the injuries of all things, should call himself master and emperor of the world, of which he has not power to know the least part, much less to command the whole?
Jeaniene Frost, First Drop of Crimson|Cryptic Dad is cryptic,' I muttered ... We'd hung out all day today. Was there no time in there he could have said, 'Oh, hey, meet me at the magical bookcase at the butt-crack of dawn tomorrow, cool?
Natasha Campbell-McBride|I don't believe that there are any situations or any person on this planet who can not be helped, whose life can not be made better. And many of these situations can be cured. If your doctor does not know something, it does not mean that the knowledge does not exist elsewhere. No body is beyond hope. No body!
Kim Stanley Robinson, Pacific Edge|I grew up in a utopia, I did. California when I was a child was a child's paradise, I was healthy, well fed, well clothed, well housed. I went to school and there were libraries with all the world in them and after school I played in orange groves and in Little League and in the band and down at the beach and every day was an adventure. . . . I grew up in utopia.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|In my experience as a psychotherapist, I have found that stress underlies most of the psychological, social, and medical problems people face in contemporary society. If we can get a handle on stress, we can take care of most of the problems we face in our lives.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|... the mind was designed not to defend what we want, but to discover what is ultimately true, which should shape our wants and satisfy them more deeply with God. The purpose of the mind is not to rationalize subjective preferences, but to recognize objective reality and to help the heart revel in God.
Stan Schatt, Hello Again|If the dark side wants you, it will come to you regardless of what you try to do to avoid it
Csaba Gabor-B|By letting the IoT devices into our everyday life, it is not like we entered the zoo, but we released the animals into our world.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Of all the major religions, or lack thereof, the atheist's is one of the best pretenders: his foundation for all existences, as well as moral behaviors for the permanent good of mankind, begins at science but ends at himself, the Napoleon complex of both intelligence and imagination. On the other hand the anti-theist wouldn't survive without a deity beyond himself to hunt. He doesn't pretend, he simply nullifies his own position.
Charles McCarry|(F)iction is...what ought to have been, not what actually was. At least, not exactly.
Beryl Markham|Modern Education may make one intelligent but not wise. Wisdom comes from character, social consciousness, self awareness, human values, conscience that helps us know what is right and wrong and independent will that helps us to choose right over wrong.
Richard Ford, Canada|He always called me Daughter. It was to distinguish me from his sister Ava. I loved being called Daughter. It sounded so possessive, and to be possessed when you are a child is just a wonderful feeling. It makes you feel safe. It makes you feel loved.
George Papandreou|Europe has a lot of strength. We need to pool that strength, and I am very much in favour of that - more of a deeper political union.
Zoe Saldana|No matter who you are, what you've accomplished, what your financial situation is - when you're dealing with a parent with Alzheimer's, you yourself feel helpless. The parent can't work, can't live alone, and is totally dependent, like a toddler. As the disease unfolds, you don't know what to expect.
Autismo GIsmo|I am an autismo, GOML M9
Beck|We're committed to making sure parents have affordable, quality early learning for their kids - there's no question about it.
David Carson|As an artist, as I design and lay out a page, the less-important things, things I want you to spend less time looking at, I draw them very small, maybe even silhouette them. The more-important pivotal scenes, I draw them larger, maybe even a double-page spread.
Henry Rollins|Among the best traitors Ireland has ever had, Mother Church ranks at the very top, a massive obstacle in the path to equality and freedom. She has been a force for conservatism... to ward off threats to her own security and influence.
Michael Flynn, Eifelheim|What other hope does life hold outBut the miraculous, the skilled and patientExecution, the teamwork, all the pain and worry every miracle involves?
Dada Bhagwan|The way in which the twists were entangled to knot up the mind-speech-body and the innate nature (relative self, prakruti), is the manner in which they will be untwisted.
Martha Gellhorn, The Face of War|I do not hope for a world at peace, all of it, all the time. I do not believe in the perfectibility of man, which is what would be required for world peace; I only believe in the human race. I believe the human race must continue.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Make time daily to nurture your physical, mental and emotional health.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Inspiration gives strength to do, what we are capable of doing.
Terry Pratchett, Unseen Academicals|Peace?' said Vetinari. 'Ah, yes, defined as period of time to allow for preparation for the next war.
Mary Renault, Fire from Heaven|In grief more than in joy, man longs to know that the universe turns around him.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|One fire burns out another's burning,One pain is lessen'd by another's anguish.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|He was a silent type, very nervy of people: shy, introverted, nobody would believe he could scream so loud…well he did drink a bottle of bleach!
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|The revelation that personal truth can be the foundation of comedy, that outrageousness can be cleansing and healthy…
Debasish Mridha|The whole purpose of education is to create a window of the mind through which you can see the world. Look through that window with your own profound love, joy, harmony, and gratitude.
Muhammad Ali|Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained.
Robert  Fripp|In strange and uncertain times such as those we are living in, sometimes a reasonable person might despair. But hope is unreasonable and love is greater even than this. May we trust the inexpressible benevolence of the creative impulse.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Through love, tribes have been intermixing colors to reveal a new rainbow world. And as more time passes, this racial and cultural blending will make it harder for humans to side with one race, nation or religion over another.
Dr. Seuss|Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We shouldn’t refer to the Spirit as “it”; instead we should always refer to the Spirit as “He”—because the Holy Spirit is a Person. He speaks to us, He commands us, He intercedes for us, He hears us, He guides us.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|This was a new skill she'd acquired, the ability to look, to the outside world, utterly serene and even cheerful, while, in her skull, all was chaos.
Vivienne Westwood|Obama can't change his cool disposition, though it would be nice if he lost the vaguely grudging air he gives off that problems of management get in the way of ideas.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Whenever Monsieur Perdu looked at a book, he did not see it purely in terms of a story, retail price and an essential balm for the soul; he saw freedom on wings of paper.
Andre Agassi, Open|The sports pages are men's pages, although they are not presented as such. /.../ On foreign fields, the men win their trophies, or lose their honour, doing battle on the nation's behalf. The readers, mainly men, are invited to see these male exploits in terms of the whole homeland, and, thus, men's concerns are presented as if defining the whole national honour.The parallel between sport and warfare seems obvious...
Simone Campbell, A Nun on the Bus: How All of Us Can Create Hope, Change, and Community|Yet while I do this work because of my faith, I also recognize of course that in a pluralistic society there are many different perspectives. It is both unrealistic and wrong to insist that everyone hold my views, my faith. The place we meet, in our differences, is in the founding documents of our democratic republic.
Carole Borges|No my friend, darkness is not everywhere, for here and there I find faces illuminated from within; paper lanterns among the dark trees.
Justine Dell, Recaptured Dreams|Damn you’ve got an irresistible mouth. You should hold it against me more often.” ~Luke, Kissing the Maid of Honor
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|There are no accidents, Anna. Everything correlates. Everything connects. Every detail bears a consequence. One instant begets the next. And the next. And the next.
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|In any case, it's the cowardice of people like you who give dictators the chance to install themselves!
April Mae Monterrosa|I guess it can’t be too often that two people can laugh and make love, too, make love because they are laughing, laugh because they’re making love. The love and the laughter come from the same place: but not many people go there
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|If I had known things would turn out this way, I would have trained harder. I would have learned to take care of myself. But I guess that's the point, isn't it? You never know what you're going to have to face, so you'd better be prepared.
Hallie Ephron|When I met Bono at the Cannes Film festival while I was there for the film 'United 93,' he said to me, 'That's a great film, brother. Thank you for your courage in making it.' I plotzed.
Kofi Annan|Read something no one is reading, think something no one is thinking, and do something no one is doing.
Cheryl Sterling, Tall, Dark and Slayer|If a relationship crumbles in the universe, does anyone hear it fail?
Nelson Algren, Entrapment and Other Writings|A book, a true book, is the writer's confessional. For, whether he would have it so or not, he is betrayed, directly or indirectly, by his characters, into presenting publicly his innermost feelings.
Emma Raveling, Breaker|If you're strong you live, if you're weak you die.
Murray Rothbard|War is tragedy. The great war stories are tragedies. It's the failure of diplomacy. 'War and Peace,' 'A Farewell to Arms,' 'For Whom the Bell Tolls.' Those are some of the greatest tragedies.
Waylon H. Lewis|When a man talks from the heart, in his moment of truth, he speaks poetry.
S. J. Perelman|Kindliness and sympathy, fellowship and understanding, are always good, but best when they come from a distant corner of the world.
Katraina L Flowers|If you can't beat them and don't care to join them, Then " FU*K THEM".
Mark Twain|I notice that you use plain, simple language, short words and brief sentences. That is the way to write English―it is the modern way and the best way. Stick to it; don't let fluff and flowers and verbosity creep in. When you catch an adjective, kill it. No, I don't mean utterly, but kill most of them―then the rest will be valuable. They weaken when they are close together. They give strength when they are wide apart. An adjective habit, or a wordy, diffuse, flowery habit, once fastened upon a person, is as hard to get rid of as any other vice.
Kari L. Greenaway, He Had You at Belief|Great is our calling, We dare not be idle.The saddle is in place,And Jesus is bridle.
Philip Larkin, High Windows|Mankind have angels and devils, this thing is called balance!
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Yeah, I remember that day... At that day I choose a book now is few years later and so far I never open it...
Jack Johnson, Jack Johnson - On and on|Girl, don't let your dreams be dreams. You know this living's not so hard as it seems.
George Saunders|Each visible planet is the embodiment of a great and exalted spiritual intelligence Who is the minister of God in that department of His Kingdom, endeavoring to carry out His Will, the latter having in view the ultimate highest good, regardless of temporary ill.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|When Montmorency meets a cat, the whole street knows about it; and there is enough bad language wasted in ten seconds to last an ordinarily respectable man all his life, with care.
Sanhita Baruah|It's strange how people give up on you within weeks of promising that they will always be there..and it's just sad that promises are destined to breakand when you had finally believed in that one promisesomeday you give up on yourself too...and it's not about love, it was never..it is, at times, about barren hopes and a bleak tomorrow...
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|The Rum Tum Tugger is a Curious Cat:If you offer him pheasant he would rather have grouse.If you put him in a house he would much prefer a flat,If you put him in a flat then he'd rather have a house.If you set him on a mouse then he only wants a rat,If you set him on a rat then he'd rather chase a mouse.Yes the Rum Tum Tugger is a Curious Cat -And there isn't any call for me to shout it:For he will doAs he do doAnd there's no doing anything about it!
Ashley Jade, Twisted Love|Plato claimed that we were all joined to someone else once, we were humans with four arms and four legs, and a head of two faces, but we were so powerful we threatened to topple the Gods. So they split us from our sole mates down the middle, and doomed us to live forever without our counterparts
Steve Scalise|The dignity of everyday life - the beauty of it, the attitude of it - is what I live around. And it is never on screen, and it is certainly never associated with Africa. If we see Africa at all, it is always used as a backdrop: a big blob of a continent rather than a specific street or a country or a place.
Thomas Kyd, The Spanish Tragedy|How could it be? For weeks he'd run himself ragged, his only goal to keep her safe until the moment when he could no longer offer her protection. Now that moment had come and gone- and so did Luce
Jenny Hubbard, Paper Covers Rock|He had never seen the ocean before; he knew it only as the featureless blue void between the detailed continents on his father’s old globe. But now he saw that it was anything but featureless; distant blue swells rising and falling, like great lungs tasked to power the surging and receding of the foamy waves washing across the shoreline beyond them.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|Just then, a little hopped-up Japanese car zips up next to us. It’s bright yellow with loud, high-pitched exhaust pipes and a big air spoiler on the back. I look over at the driver to see who’s making all the racket. I’m surprised to see a teenage girl there. After a moment, she gooses it and whinnies on past. On her back window, there’s a sticker: NO FEAR. I think, good girl.
Leo Babauta, Thriving on Less: Simplifying in a Tough Economy|If you really want to focus on something, says Castellanos, the optimum amount of time to spend on it is ninety minutes. "Then change tasks. And watch out for interruptions once you're really concentrating, because it will take you twenty minutes to recover.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Those who fail to think, will shrink, sink and stink.
Tennessee Williams|I thought that one was going to hit me,” I said, watching the disappointed girl stalk off into the crowd. “Being your girlfriend is dangerous.” “What can I say? I’m a magnificent specimen of manhood. Of course they all want me. But I do appreciate you protecting my honor.
Mary Howitt|Death twitches my ear. "Live " he says  "I am coming".
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|She waves her arms at the world. "It's all just time filler until we die.
Martin McGuinness|A jealous lover of human liberty, deeming it the absolute condition of all that we admire and respect in humanity, I reverse the phrase of Voltaire, and say that, if God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
John Travolta|If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too.
Matthew Blakstad, Sockpuppet|See, the world is narrowing. We each live in a bubble of attitude. Everything tailored for us. No happenstance, only what I already am and know. At a certain point I find my shape is less here.' A palm flat on his chest. 'More out there.' Laying the palm on his keyboard.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I now know that success can not choose me. It is waiting on a path that I must walk. In truth, it waits there for everyone. Many do not know where the path begins. Some search for a shortcut to the end. But the majority of the world does not even realise there is a path there at all.
Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm|For, in life, it is in the darkest zones one finds the brightest beauty and the most luminous wisdom.
Anatole France|In art as in love, instinct is enough. 
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The key function of a leader is, to build more leaders.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|You will be an attraction for the people of this village,” Señor Castillo
Steven Chopade|Before knowledge comes understanding, before understanding comes wisdom.
Ella Maillart|Some people are drawn naturally - there are natural guitarists, and there are natural piano players, and I think guitar implies travel, a sort of footloose gypsy existence. You grab your bag and you go to the next town.
Ken Baker|The call to “take the land” ...is not a call to a new political, cultural or geographical dominance. It is Kingdom of God territory. It is the will of the Eternal God being done on earth, as it is in heaven.
|As long as you invite faith, courage, and perseverance to become your daily companions, every test would inevitably mature into a testimony in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Bible, sacred writings.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|If you have just one person believe in you, you'll always find your way
Debasish Mridha|It is not very important where you are, but where your thoughts are taking you is important.
D.H. Lawrence|Aren't I enough for you?' she asked.'No,' he said. 'You are enough for me, as far as a woman is concerned. You are all women to me. But I wanted a man friend, as eternal as you and I are eternal.'(Women in Love)
David Wong, John Dies at the End|Morris chopped off the girl's hand with a hatchet then guttered laughter. The poor mulato wailed, her stump pumping. "What'choo do that for!" Cutton bellowed. He hadn't even gotten his trousers off before Morris had pulled this move.
Susan Meissner, In All Deep Places|All the way to heaven is heaven.’ It is not just about the happy ending, but making every step along the way matter. It is a good way to live a life, do you think?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the light of love, I find the glory of God’s grace.
John Keats|If you have so earth-creeping a mind that it cannot lift itself up to look to the sky of poetry... thus much curse I must send you, in the behalf of all poets, that while you live, you live in love, and never get favour for lacking skill of a sonnet; and, when you die, your memory die from the earth for want of an epitaph.
David Whyte|Enzo thought ends were disappointing. He said when you were really immersed in a story, you started to have expectations. And the end was never as great as you imagined it could have been. Even though I mostly agreed with him, I couldn't help wanting to know everything. I was always looking for more.
Arthur Stanley Eddington|Physics is becoming so unbelievably complex that it is taking longer and longer to train a physicist. It is taking so long, in fact, to train a physicist to the place where he understands the nature of physical problems that he is already too old to solve them.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|And this is a Buddhist country?” said Matt, “This is a country of lovingkindness and compassion? Hah. I think the Americans would call this ‘tough love.’ ”“That is the paradox of Buddhism,” said Ranjit, “As a young doctor I would see these violent things and wonder why they happened, knowing that it was not something that Buddhists should do. Then I realized we are not born Buddhist. All the focus on channeling anger and dealing with hardship did not emanate from these people…. It was a lesson to these people. We are a land of Buddhists because we need to hear the lessons of Buddha, not because we follow Buddha.”-spoken by Ranjit, the surgeon, after an episode of violence....
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Sometimes writers write about a world that does not yet exist. We do it for a hundred reasons. (Because it’s good to look forward, not back. Because we need to illuminate a path we hope or we fear humanity will take. Because the world of the future seems more enticing or more interesting than the world of today. Because we need to warn you. To encourage. To examine. To imagine.) The reasons for writing about the day after tomorrow, and all the tomorrows that follow it, are as many and as varied as the people writing.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|To say! To know how to say! To know how to exist via the written voice and the intellectual image! This is all that matters in life; the rest is men and women, imagined loves and factitious vanities, the wiles of our digestion and forgetfulness, people squirming — like worms when a rock is lifted — under the huge abstract boulder of the meaningless blue sky.
Coretta Scott King|Let's say you go to a friend's wedding, or Thanksgiving, or Halloween. It'd be great the next day to see what went on with your friends' Thanksgiving weekend, or all the costumes they wore on Halloween, and be able to look back and see what they wore the year before, and the year before that.
Traci Bingham|Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards.
Groucho Marx, Memoirs Of A Mangy Lover|With the possible exception of clothes, beauty salons and Frank Sinatra, there are few subjects all women agree upon.
Mark Caldwell Jones, Opal Summerfield and The Battle of Fallmoon Gap|If I were to be honest, I'm probably fifty percent bagel. Okay, fine, sixty percent.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Professor Langdon,' called a young man with curly hair in the back row, 'if Masonry is not a secret society, not a corporation, and not a religion, then what is it?''Well, if you were to ask a Mason, he would offer the following definition: Masonry is a system of morality, veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols.''Sounds to me like a euphemism for "freaky cult." ''Freaky, you say?''Hell yes!' the kid said, standing up. 'I heard what they do inside those secret buildings! Weird candlelight rituals with coffins, and nooses, and drinking wine out of skulls. Now that's freaky!'Langdon scanned the class. 'Does that sound freaky to anyone else?''Yes!' they all chimed in.Langdon feigned a sad sigh. 'Too bad. If that's too freaky for you, then I know you'll never want to join my cult.'Silence settled over the room. The student from the Women's Center looked uneasy. 'You're in a cult?'Langdon nodded and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. 'Don't tell anyone, but on the pagan day of the sun god Ra, I kneel at the foot of an ancient instrument of torture and consume ritualistic symbols of blood and flesh.'The class looked horrified.Langdon shrugged. 'And if any of you care to join me, come to the Harvard chapel on Sunday, kneel beneath the crucifix, and take Holy Communion.'The classroom remained silent.Langdon winked. 'Open your minds, my friends. We all fear what we do not understand.
dandelionlady96|Give me wildflowers instead of your heart, for I’d rather have them wither than the latter.
Lisa Kessler, Light of the Spirit|When you can inspire a muse, you've got it going on.
Morrissey|Close your eyes, and think of someone you physically admire, and let me kiss you.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|Look at me," she demanded.	He whirled around and held out his arms. "What do you want me to say? Aye. I'm a dragon!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He slumped down into the pen, and the puppies immediately leapt on him. "Perhaps I'll see you later tonight.""If you're lucky," Celaena purred, and walked away. She smiled to herself as they strode through the castle.Eventully Nehemia turned to her. "Do you like him?"Celaena made a face. "Of course not. Why would I?"You converse easily. It seems as if you have...a connection.""A connection?" Celaena choked on the word. "I just enjoy teasing him.""It's not a crime if you consider him handsome. I'll admit I judged him wrong; I thought him to be a pompous, selfish idiot, but he's not so bad.""He's a Havilliard.""My mother was the daughter of a chief who sought to overthrow my grandfather.""We're both silly. It's nothing.""He seems to take great interest in you."Celaena's head whipped around, her eyes full of long-forgotten fury that made her belly ache and twist. "I would sooner cut out my own heart than love a Havilliard," she snarled.They completed their walk in silence, and when they parted ways, Celaena quickly wished Nehemia a pleasant evening before striding to her part of the castle.
Joyce Meyer, Battlefield Of The Mind: Winning The Battle In Your Mind|Remember, you are not sent to whiten tombs, but to open them.
Christopher S. Wren, The Cat Who Covered the World: The Adventures Of Henrietta And Her Foreign Correspondent|Everything I tell her reminds her of some cute anecdote about one of her previous jobs, or previous boyfriends, or previous lives, or her cat, Sparkles, who is mitten-toed and sleeps on her head and can't be trusted on catnip.
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|He had allowed the advertisers to multiply his wants; he had learned to equate happiness with possessions, and prosperity with money to spend in a shop.
Paul J. Zak, The Moral Molecule: The Source of Love and Prosperity|Rich or poor, living in a trusting society simply makes people happier.
Jay Leno|With hurricanes, tornados, fires out of control, mud slides,flooding, severe thunderstorms tearing up the country from oneend to another, and with the threat of bird flu and terroristattacks, "Are we sure this is a good time to take God out ofthe Pledge of Allegiance?
Jeffrey Tayler|I did apply for more than 200 scholarships and finally I got one, but you are telling me now “God gave it to me!” Don’t you think you are too stupid?
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Among all the methods by which love is brought into being, among all the agents which disseminate that blessed bane, there are few so efficacious as the great gust of agitation which, now and then, sweeps over the human spirit. For then the creature in whose company we are seeking amusement at the moment, her lot is cast, her fate and ours decided, that is the creature whom we shall henceforward love. It is not necessary that she should have pleased us, up till then, any more, or even as much as others. All that is necessary is that our taste for her should become exclusive. And that condition is fulfilled so soon as - in the moment when she has failed to meet us - for the pleasure which we were on the point of enjoying in her charming company is abruptly substituted an anxious torturing desire, whose object is the creature herself, an irrational, absurd desire, which the laws of civilised society make it impossible to satisfy and difficult to assuage - the insensate, agonising desire to possess her.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|Writing to her, I was no longer lonely... I could tolerate anything as long as I had a notepad and a pen and could pour my heart out to her in these letters.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|Smirking, he says, "Whatever spell you just tried to cast on me, it didn't work, so I think you need to go back to Hogwarts.
Cherise Sinclair, Doms of Dark Haven 2: Western Nights|Put me down.”“Nope.” He held her snuggled to his bare chest, tipping her up so he could rub his cheek against hers. “I like carrying you.
Akshay Vasu|You will never really get, how really everything works in my world. How the colour of the sky changes every now and then, and how deep the sea gets in there. How volcanoes and rivers flow together, and how demons and angels fall in love in there. How stormy a night can get and how bright a day can be. How ruined the home is, but how vibrant the feelings are in there.
Joseph Stiglitz|Family, work, familiarity. Listen, if I had a magic wand and I could make myself really be happy, I'd zap me onto a farm. And I know nothing about farming.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Clear visions and positive goals, leads to positive actions and purposeful life.
Joe Sacco, Journalism|A journalist who says, 'Well, I pissed off both sides--I must be doing something right,' is probably fooling himself and, worse, he may be fooling the reader. Balance should not be a smokescreen for laziness.
Debasish Mridha|The real tragedy of life is not the fear of darkness, but it is to conform and follow the darkness in spite of fear.
|If the only thing that you have to offer in a relationship or marriage is your physical appearance, then you are definitely walking on a very thin line. It takes more than physical beauty to sustain a healthy relationship or marriage.
Jane Green, Family Pictures|People show you who they are, not by what they say, but by what they do.
Matthew Daddario|I've always been interested in the idea of space exploration. When I was younger it was just a dream, but the theory of rockets being able to travel through space was very much alive. I found it very exciting.
Guillermo del Toro, Trollhunters|Is it...can we...is it safe?"	Tub checked the lot but he seemed unconcerned.	"Coach Lawrence nabbed him for practice. We live to fight another day, soldier."	"No...I mean, the thing...is it...?"	Tub frowned.	"The thing. Hmmm. Can you be more specific?	I clutched at the bumper and raised myself to unsteady feet. I patted the truck bed, taking solace in the cake of dust. It was real; I was not caught in a nightmare. I smeared the dust with my fingers and smelled it.	"If you lick that, we're no longer friends," Tub said.
Pippa DaCosta, Drowning In The Dark|I've hated you for the longest time, but I've loved you for longer." ~ Stefan #5 The Veil Series, Ties That Bind,
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No truth can cure the sorrow we feel from losing a loved one. No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness can cure that sorrow. All we can do is see it through to the end and learn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sorrow that comes to us without warning.
Albert Einstein|Too many U.S. adults have a heart age years older than their real age, increasing their risk of heart disease and stroke. Everybody deserves to be young - or at least not old - at heart.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Samurai's Tale|Nearly all samurai practice Zen - it is the Way of Enlightenment." "Possibly the light of Zen is so strong that it has blinded me to its virtue." Yoshitoki smiled. "It is very good discipline for the mind, as the martial arts are for the body." Kenmotsu looked very smug as he said this. "I do Zazen twice a week." "I think it will do no-one any harm, though personally I find it more pleasant to think than to empty my mind of thought.
Scott Lynch, Rogues|You have to be a dead-eyed dirty-souled maniac to want to spend your extended life trading punches with other maniacs. Once you've seized that power, there's no getting off the merry-go-round. You fight like hell just to hold on or you get shoved off.
Tara Sivec, Futures and Frosting|It’s mind-blowing and delicious and betterthan finding a pot of gold, a unicorn, and a leprechaun who shits diamonds atthe end of a rainbow.
Nicole Scherzinger|Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else.
Ishmael Beah|I put my hands behind my head and lay on my back, trying to hold on to the memories of my family. Their faces seemed to be far off somewhere in my mind, and to get to them I had to bring up painful memories.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|The world's theologyThe world's theology is easy to define. It is the view . . . that human beings are basically good, that no one is really lost, that belief in Jesus Christ is not necessary for salvation."Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools." Romans 1:22
Nicki Minaj|Dear God, I am only what you made me and I appreciate everything that you gave me, but like, I don't want to do it any more, sort of lost sight of what I'm doing it for.
Jacob M. Held, Stephen King and Philosophy|great literature is literature that speaks to deep, fundamental human truths and experience in a way that is relatable to the reader and that may provoke engagement or facilitate insight into these truths and experiences. If these truths and experiences are about breaches of the normal, then surely horror has a place in literature, and in facts may proffer deep engagement with the most profound aspects of our existence. Sometimes only horror can say what needs to be said.
|I hear some people say, "I wish I could rewind time." But why rewind time, when every single day brings a great opportunity to start a wonderful new beginning?
Earl Nightingale|Throughout all history, the great wise men and teachers, philosophers, and prophets have disagreed with one another on many different things. It is only on this one point that they are in complete and unanimous agreement. We become what we think about.
L.J Vanier|I made the exhilarating discovery that study, when it is pursued with ardour and discipline, becomes creation.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|Diesel" - his name sounded sweet coming out of her mouth --"I want you, and I mean I really, really want you. Please. Let's go back to my room.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Amory had rather a Puritan conscience. Not that he yielded to it--later in life he almost completely slew it--but at fifteen it made him consider himself a great deal worse than other boys... unscrupulousness... the desire to influence people in almost every way, even for evil... a certain coldness and lack of affection, amounting sometimes to cruelty... a shifting sense of honor... an unholy selfishness... a puzzled, furtive interest in everything concerning sex.There was, also, a curious strain of weakness running crosswise through his make-up... a harsh phrase from the lips of an older boy (older boys usually detested him) was liable to sweep him off his poise into surly sensitiveness, or timid stupidity... he was a slave to his own moods and he felt that though he was capable of recklessness and audacity, he possessed neither courage, perseverance, nor self-respect.Vanity, tempered with self-suspicion if not self-knowledge, a sense of people as automatons to his will, a desire to "pass" as many boys as possible and get to a vague top of the world... with this background did Amory drift into adolescence.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|So. You get handed a holy sword by an archangel, told to go fight the forces of evil, and you somehow remain an atheist. Is that what you're saying?
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|I have not done enough for effect." Horace Greeley
Pat Frayne, Tales of Topaz the Conjure Cat: Part I Topaz and the Evil Wizard & Part II Topaz and the Plum-Gista Stone|Favorite Quotations.I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.The worth of a book is measured by what you carry away from it. It's not over till it's over. Imagination is everything. All life is an experiment. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls the butterfly.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|The truth is not simply visible to the naked eyes, not any more. When people believe so much in media reports, history itself may conceal the truth only the chosen ones can see.
Michele L. Rivera, Wait For It|It has been said by many that a true love story has no happy ending simply because the truest of loves never ends. It is immortal. This is the kind of love that lives forever in your heart as a feeling you will always feel, a place you can always return to.
S.L. Jennings|Goldie hadn't tried all three beds, she thought, but she’d certainly tried all three brothers.
Robert Kiyosaki|Poor people, people of color - especially are much more likely to be found in prison than in institutions of higher education.
Max Lucado, He Chose the Nails|Yet when God entered time and became a man, he who was boundless became bound. Imprisoned in flesh. Restricted by weary-prone muscles and eyelids. For more than three decades, his once limitless reach would be limited to the stretch of an arm, his speed checked to the pace of human feet.I wonder, was he ever tempted to regain his boundlessness? In the middle of a long trip, did he ever consider transporting himself to the next city? When the rain chilled his bones, was he tempted to change the weather? When the heat parched his lips, did he give thought to popping over to the Caribbean for some refreshment? If he ever entertained such thoughts, he never gave into them. Not once. Stop and think about this. Not once did Christ use his supernatural powers for personal comfort. With one word, he could've transformed the hard earth into a soft bed, but he didn't. With a wave of his hands, he could've boomeranged the spit of his accusers back into their faces, but he didn't. With an arch of his brow, he could've paralyzed the hand of the soldier as he braided the crown of thorns. But he didn't.
Henry David Thoreau|Show no fear to your enemies. Only contempt. Never let anyone look down on you. You're just as good as any of them. I don't care who they are. Better in fact. In our world, Dagans are royalty and you, my son, are a prince.
Robert Kennedy|My wife and I work out together almost every day. It's just a great way to spend time together. We're going to run a marathon together later this year, and that's one more goal that we'll accomplish as husband and wife.
Carol W. Greider|I started with the Target Company in 1993 when their Christmas theme that year was 'It's A Wonderful Life,' and they reunited the actors who played the Bailey kids. So we went all over and really had a blast getting the love from all of the fans and thought, 'Whoopty-doo, there's something going on here.'
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Facts or opinions which are to pass through the hands of so many, to be misconceived by folly in one, and ignorance in another, can hardly have much truth left.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|We live in the richest country in the world. There's plenty and to spare for no man, woman, or child to be in want. And in addition to this our country was founded on what should have been a great, true principle - the freedom, equality and rights of each individual. Huh! And what has come of that start? There are corporations worth billions of dollars- and hundreds of thousands of people who don't get to eat.
Ophelia London, Falling for Her Soldier|In other words, he looked like uniformed police hotness, and she wasn’t entirely uninterested in being cuffed. Wait. That’s a bad thought. I don’t mean it. She took him in again, her throat suddenly dry. Well, she didn’t exactly not mean it, but she knew better than to want it.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Damn! What did Ansermet, that most faithful friend, know about Stravinsky's poverty of heart? What did he, that most devoted friend, know about Stravinsky's capacity to love? And where did he get his utter certainty that the heart is ethically superior to the brain? Are not vile acts committed as often with the heart's help as without it? Can't fanatics, with their bloody hands, boast of a high degree of "affective activity"? Will we ever be done with this imbecile sentimental Inquisition, the heart's Reign of Terror?
Chuck Klosterman, but what if we are wrong chuck klosterman|The world happens as it happens, but we construct what we remember and what we forget. And people will eventually do that to us, too.
Dada Bhagwan|If you are only ‘moral’ or only ‘sincere’, even then you will go to moksha!
Crescent, Sam|I think you should be punished for tormenting me for so long.”---	“Don’t be afraid,” he said. “Art is full of agony and beauty. The pen itself a sword of pleasure and pain, isn’t it, my poet?”---“I’ve been waiting for you.” His voice sizzled with hunger.How could I respond? I’ve been thinking about you non-stop like a sex-crazed harlot since I left?“I’m here.”---“Remind me who you are,” he said in a gentler tone, almost a please. “How we know each other.”“Okay,” she began. “I’m Savannah Evans, a grad student and teaching assistant who teaches English at a college in Cambridge. I applied to the colony to work on my poetry and arrived six weeks ago. “We’ve spoken many times. You’ve praised my work, which I find a great honor as I’m a fan of your art.”---“A cross between two species. Doomed with the thirst of the undead for human blood, yet tormented by the gargoyle drive to protect them.”---She ceased to breathe. When he leaned forward and his lips fluttered against hers, her footing became unsteady and she stumbled. He placed a hand on her lower back to steady her and pulled her close. Her breasts met his hard torso and she became aware at how frantically her heart beat. She wrapped her arms around his neck and lost herself in the kiss as their lips met. They explored each other with a sort of fascination, mouth and tongues claiming each other in their hunger. Delicately at first, as if not sure this was real or just a fantasy, and then strong and unyielding. Demanding this moment to never end.---“I bought new lingerie today I wanted to show you, but I didn’t get a chance with all that happened.”“You’ll have to return tomorrow night then…. Maybe we’ll order an entire catalog.” His smile and the glint of mischievousness in his eyes reflected lascivious thoughts. “You can model all the outfits you’d like for me.”---
Damien Chazelle|ANDREW: But do you think there’s a line? You know, where you discourage the next Charlie Parker from becoming Charlie Parker?FLETCHER: No. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|The most paradoxical aspect of neurotic shame is that it is the core motivator of the superachieved and the underachieved, the star and the scapegoat, the righteous and the wretched, the powerful and the pathetic.
Nina Croft, His Fantasy Girl|He almost didn’t want to start. He’d been fantasizing about this for so long. What if it was a disappointment? What if he couldn’t make her come? In his fantasies, she’d come for him hard and frequently, usually screaming his name.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I think about Finch and Sir Patrick Moore and black holes and blue holes and bottomless bodies of water and exploding stars and event horizons, and a place so dark that light can't get out once it's in.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Shadows|Apple Brandy?”“It’s for my tea,” she explained. “Medicinal, you know.”“Medicinal?” The Reverend tried to hide a smile.“Well, yeah,” Maddy started to smile herself. “Without the brandy, it’d be just some crumpled up leaves floatin’ in warm water… and that’d just make me sick!”--Aunt Maddy from The Ragtime Coven
Carl Andre|If thou art master to thyself, circumstances shall harm thee little.
Luke Wilson|If you're dating the quarterback and then you go out with the hockey player, you just go to the hockey games. I don't think I'll still go to the football games.
D.H. Lawrence, Sons and Lovers|Our plump predicament comes from the way we think. In America life hasbecome a daily quest for instant gratification. Do we think about the long term? Rarely. We ask ourselves, “What sounds good?” That’s where we get into trouble focusing on what we want rather than what we need. Then we invent new ways to satisfy ourselves.
Christiane Amanpour|Summer means happy times and good sunshine. It means going to the beach, going to Disneyland, having fun.
George R.R. Martin|That was my first real experience at feeling set apart. Not only did I not knock them dead, but rather it was I that died...acutely aware of being mutton dressed up as lamb. I exchanged my white tie and tails for a white waiter’s jacket and got back to my proper calling!
Debasish Mridha|Let us be appreciative and grateful for the abundance, beauty, experience, and bliss of life.
Robinson Jeffers|I love the paranormal, because there, every genre I write can become one beacon for my imagination.
J.R. Ward|To Love another unconditionally, is to make the ultimate sacrifice...
Hugh Hefner|With commentating, I've had a chance to show the humorous side of my personality that I didn't use on the court. It's fun, and I don't take myself too seriously. I have good broadcast teams with me, but I'm not a huge stats guy. I think they post the numbers too quickly, and I'd rather let the match play out a bit first.
Mary Jane Hathaway, The Pepper in the Gumbo|. “Don’t be a stranger. And pray about that petition you filed.”	“Mama,” Paul groaned. That was the Christian way of saying “I know you’re wrong but you won’t take my word for it, so God will have to explain it to you.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Don't you suppose men get surprised after they're married to findthat their wives do have sense?""Well, it's too late den. Dey's already mahied.
Ted Dekker, The Slumber of Christianity: Awakening a Passion for Heaven on Earth|The world’s bumper sticker reads: Life sucks, and then you die. Perhaps Christian bumper stickers should read: Life sucks, but then you find hope and you can’t wait to die.
Isaac Asimov, The Stars, Like Dust|Some Survivors think that getting angry is inappropriate and a sign that a person is out of control. Others are afraid of anger, that of others, as well as their own. They are afraid that if they get angry, they will be rejected or abandoned, afraid they will lose control and hurt someone. But, allowing yourself to get angry and express your anger in constructive ways is one of the most healthy and empowering things you can do.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|Even now I remember those pictures, like pictures in a storybook one loved as a child. Radiant meadows, mountains vaporous in the trembling distance; leaves ankle-deep on a gusty autumn road; bonfires and fog in the valleys; cellos, dark window-panes, snow.
James Surowiecki|I believe in this being, not because I have any proper or direct knowledge of His existence, but I am at a loss to account for the existence and arrangement of the visible universe, and, being left in the wide sea of conjecture without a clue from analogy or experience, I find the conjecture of a God easy, obvious, and irresistible.
Asuni LadyZeal|Life expects us to challenge the status-quo YET it holds us responsible for ONLY what we can ordinarily do. Life doesn't ask us for too much; it says "to do more, expand your lens". Expand your skills, expand your tools, expand your mind. To do more, be more!
Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None|Man does not live in isolation, we depend upon each other.
Myra McEntire, Hourglass|in all the years we spend together, I never once regretted the fact that I had chosen her and that she had chosen me as well.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|Looks like he's lost a guinea and found a farthing," Horace said, then added, unnecessarily, "Will, I mean."Halt turned in his saddle to regard the younger man and raised an eyebrow."I may be almost senile in your eyes, Horace, but there's no need to explain the blindly obvious to me. I'd hardly have thought you were referring to Tug.
Théophile Thoré|Mustafa Kemal drily reminds his co-conspirators that the object is not to die for the revolution, but to live for it.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Embrace your diverse, prismatic colors! They make you uniquely you!
Ralph Merkle|I would rather have racing without computers. The human side is forgotten, and instead of talking over what's happening and just trusting the feel of the driver, the data becomes almost more important.
Pearl Zhu, Talent Master: 199+ Questions to See Talent from Different Angles|Ingenuity is the ability to solve difficult problems, often in an original and creative way.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Life,’ thought Septimus, ... ‘you could never trust the bastard. What it gives with one hand, it takes away with the other.
Ferdinand de Saussure, Course in General Linguistics|Without language, thought is a vague, uncharted nebula.
|It is in doing that we could learn more about our strengths and weaknesses, and then be presented with the opportunities to work our way up from there.
John Green|Every year, many, many stupid people graduate from college. And if they can do it, so can you.
Seekerohan|More than loud acclaim, I loveBooks, silence, thought, my alcove.Pangur BánPoem by Anon Irish Monk, Translated by Seamus Heaney
Wu Ming-Yi|When we are rich and famous and powerful, we do not want to die. On the other hand, if we are miserable and suffering, we want to die and leave it all. But can joy or misery last forever? There is a saying, "All celebrations must end sometime." Any wish to live forever or die immediately is often a whim of the moment. How do we know that, although we are happy now, we may not be sad the next day, or sad now but may be happy soon? Given that good and ill, fortune and misfortune come in their own way, we should not cling to life or embrace death. Life and death will come of their own. Why be greedy about life and afraid of death?
Karen Chance, Claimed By Shadow|I dodged behind Mac for cover and refused to take the bait. I glanced at my nonexistent watch. 'Oops, look at the time. Guess I have to be going now. Let's not do this again sometime, okay?'Before I could move, Pritkin was there, jamming the medallion into the skin of my upper arm.'Ow!'He looked at me expectantly. I glared at him. 'That hurt!'What do you see?'A big red mark,
Allan Kardec, The Spirits' Book|How many ills, how many infirmities, does man owe to his excesses, his ambition – in a word, to the indulgence of his various passions! He who should live soberly in all respects, who should never run into excesses of any kind, who should be always simple in his tastes, modest in his desires, would escape a large proportion of the tribulations of human life. It is the same with regard to spirit-life, the sufferings of which are always the consequence of the manner in which a spirit has lived upon the earth. In that life undoubtedly he will no longer suffer from gout or rheumatism; but his wrong-doing down here will cause him to experience other sufferings no less painful. We have seen that those sufferings are the result of the links which exist between a spirit and matter; that the more completely he is freed from the influence of matter – in other words, the more dematerialized he is – the fewer are the painful sensations experienced by him. It depends, therefore, on each of us to free ourselves from the influence of matter by our action in this present life. Man possesses free-will, and, consequently, the power of electing to do or not to do. Let him conquer his animal passions; let him rid himself of hatred, envy, jealousy, pride; let him throw off the yoke of selfishness; let him purify his soul by cultivating noble sentiments; let him do good; let him attach to the things of this world only the degree of importance which they deserve – and he will, even under his present corporeal envelope, have effected his purification, and achieved his deliverance from the influence of matter, which will cease for him on his quitting that envelope. For such a one the remembrance of physical sufferings endured by him in the life he has quitted has nothing painful, and produces no disagreeable impression, because they affected his body only, and left no trace in his soul. He is happy to be relieved from them; and the calmness of a good conscience exempts him from all moral suffering.
Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life|Evenings and mornings represent “the gates” to your inner universe. Taking care of how you enter and exit these “gates” is your primary responsibility; do not give away this power. Once you master it, life will never be the same again.
Lynn Frances, C, You Can Do It!: Because Life Is Change; Growth Is Optional|First Proverbs quote in "C, You Can Do It!" - 'What dainty morsels rumors are--but they sink deep into one's heart.'Proverbs 26:22
Vivian Amis, I AM - The Key to Manifesting|Love is that which gives of itself, not because anyone needs it or deserves it, but because that is what love does.
Kimberly Karalius, Pocket Forest|My mother is the antithesis of a typical Jewish mother, she is very soft-spoken and takes more naps that a cat. As a result, I've always longed for someone to really annoy the shit out of me.
Chirag Tulsiani|The past is but an untraceable footfallIt appears in intervals and pushes us back in time,In those moments of grief and then suddenly vanishes.It’s often dark and ruthless.It baffles our thoughts and seizes our peace of mind.By making us recollect our failures, our buried expectationsAnd our shattered dreams It only gives way to fleeting tears, leaving us with fruitless guilt.It wrecks our present and ruins our futureAnd thus should be left where it is meant to beIt should be left behind …
Jarvis Cocker|Cereal eating is almost a marker for a healthy lifestyle. It sets you up for the day, so you don't overeat.
Victor Sebestyen, Revolution 1989: The Fall of the Soviet Empire|Poppe, once a leading figure at a scientific research institute, found a job as a swimming pool attendant
Jean Webster|I'm going to enjoy every second, and I'm going to know I'm enjoying it while I'm enjoying it. Most people don't live; they just race. They are trying to reach some goal far away on the horizon, and in the heat of the going they get so breathless and panting that they lose sight of the beautiful, tranquil country they are passing through; and then the first thing they know, they are old and worn out, and it doesn't make any difference whether they've reached the goal or not.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|Perhaps this was the wisdom with which a child in her position survived: by minimizing her wounds—staying as small as possible, as nearly transparent as possible.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|As a leader, you will see things you may never like to see; yours is to correct those things so that next time you open your eyes, you will see better things you wish to be seeing always. Leaders learn to right the wrong of society.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-realization is largely a matter of achieving a person’s formative personality definition. People whom lack self-realization oftentimes fail to integrate their desired personality traits into all phases of their life including social life, family life, and work life. In order to achieve satisfaction with oneself, a person must know what they wish for, know how to go about achieving their goals, be capable of recognizing where they now stand, and understand how they must change in order to attain their ultimate visage.
Suzi Davis|Craziness is only a matter of degree, and there are lots of people besides me who have the urge to roll heads. They go to stock-car races and the horror movies and the wrestling matches they have in Portland Expo. Maybe what she said smacked of all those things, but I admired her for saying out loud, all the same--the price of honesty is always high. She had an admirable grasp of the fundamentals. Besides, she was tiny and pretty.
Mike Fitzpatrick|Without form, communication stops... without form, you have everybody burbling on to themselves, whenever and however, things that no one else can understand and - rightly - no one else is interested in.
K. A. Applegate|Elfangor laughed in my mind. "You don't have to give up your principles to win. Isn't there always an alternative to sacrifice if you just keep your mind clear, and step back, and see it, and..."
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|If you were to spend your own time and money to hire a consultant, coach, or trainer, wouldn’t it give you more confidence knowing that they have "walked the talk" and have vast experience with what they are teaching?
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|We can choose the type of thoughts we repeat in our mind. Nothing can force us to pick any memory, circumstance or relationship without our permission.
Derric Yuh Ndim|The best way to prepare for life is acombination of formal traditional education, reading, seminars,and workshops, coupled with experience as well as tapping into the knowledge of experienced people.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Wife|If your husband’s self-image needs a makeover, be patient. The answers don’t come overnight when a long-held pattern of thinking has to be broken. But you can appropriate the power of God to fight the enemy that feeds him familiar lies, so your husband can be free to hear His truth.Remember that God will reveal glimpses of the key to breaking any of your husband’s bad habits. As you pray for your husband’s self-image, He will show you how to pray.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Farther down the riverbank sat a young man dressed all in white. He was the only person in sight. His hair was white, his skin chalk pale, and he sat and stared up and down the river, as if he were admiring the view. He looked like how Victorian Romantic poets looked just before the consumption and drug abuse really started to cut it." --Good Omens pg.191-192
Junot Diaz|No one else can take risks for us, or face our losses on our behalf, or give us self-esteem. No one can spare us from life's slings and arrows, and when death comes, we meet it alone.
Wes Adamson|In good company your thoughts run, in solitude your thought is still; it goes deeper and makes for itself a deeper groove, delves. Delve meansa 'dig with a spade'; it means hard work. In talk your mind can be stretched, widened, exhilarated to heights but it cannot be deepened; you have to deepen it yourself. It needs sturdiness. You will be lonely, you will be depressed; you must expect it; if you were training your body it would ache and be tired. It is worth it. There is a Hindu proverb which says: 'You only grow when you are alone'.
Kim   Wright|The problem, really, is that while humanity continues to experience huge leaps in technology, we experience no equivalent leaps in our ethical capacity. In the never-ending arms race between technology and ethics, technology always wins. Researchers who tally the results of this immortal race have a name for it: history.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|True love happened rarely and standing in the brink of one, it would in all certainty be an act of cowardice to retreat without letting her know his desire.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|I would cry if I could, but instead I just feel my heart rip apart.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|That I have the right to express myself freely at all times in all circumstances entails the idea that free speech is a 'basic human right' possessed by each individual, and, as such, trumps the interests of the society or group, including my neighbour.
Mouloud Benzadi|In life, things can always go wrong, So always keep your heart strong, Carry on, and never give up hope.
William Faulkner, Light in August|It is just dawn, daylight: that gray and lonely suspension filled with the peaceful and tentative waking of birds. The air, inbreathed, is like spring water. He breathes deep and slow, feeling with each breath himself diffuse in the natural grayness, becoming one with loneliness and quiet that has never known fury or despair. "That was all I wanted," he thinks, in a quiet and slow amazement. "That was all, for thirty years. That didn't seem to be a whole lot to ask in thirty years.
Richard Branson|Music and silence combine strongly because music is done with silence, and silence is full of music.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|Perhaps second-hand cares, like second-hand clothes, come easily off and on.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|This human need for mysticism – surrender to an unknown truth, union – stands at the helm of all romantic feeling. It is, in essence, the same intimacy known in a mother’s arms; in those who are deprived of the experience, the need freezes and, distorted, it can rent a life. All addiction has as its foundation skewed yearning for the same transcendence. For me, the spell of the material was broken by my brother’s death; after his suicide, all I wanted was the renewal of my connection to the intangible.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|It was brave," countered Issa. "It was rare. It was love, and it was beautiful.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret Sacrifice|When you believe the TRUTH, there's an incredible freedom. You're free to live without fear.
Emily Thorne|We should always be grateful for the faults in our partner because if they didn't have those faults from the start, they would have been able to marry someone much better than us
Jill Telford|Imagine going a long time without seeing someone you love. Then after months or years getting the moment to see them and catch up. I think that's what death is like. Going a long time and missing them a lot, more and more each day. No matter how many years go by you miss them just as much as the first day they left. I miss my mom. Its been years. Its easier to manage but I miss her more and more. But I often think of the moment we will meet again and catch up again. In living life going a long time not seeing someone is tough then catching up right where you left off BUT imagine in death how powerful the feeling to see them again must be. Death is getting the chance to catch up and see them again. Experiencing the butterflies and that special high that is felt all over your body. Do not fear death. Embrace it as you do life. In life, love hard! Life moves fast. For when your time comes you have a chance to love hard again and catch up with those that left, those you've missed and those that missed you. Someone is there counting the days to seeing you again. Some you may not expect or some you've missed just as much. Don't fear what you think you're leaving behind. Don't fear at all. For what you leave is temporary, the living will too join you as you wait for them. And, that moment to catch up is worth the wait. You will pick up right where you left off as if time did not pass.
Horatio Nelson|Battles are all about strategy, and strategy pivots on priorities. Since my priorities were Prince Jalan, Prince Jalan, and Prince Jalan, with “looking good” a distant fourth, I took the opportunity to resume running away. I find that the main thing about success is the ability to act in the moment. A hero attacks in the moment; a good coward runs in it. The rest of the world waits for the next moment and ends up as crow food.
Pavitraa Parthasarathy|Autumn was her happiest season. There was an expectancy about its sounds and shapes: the distant thunk pomp of leather and young bodies on the practice field near her house made her think of bands and cold Coca-Colas, parched peanuts and the sight of people's breath in the air. There was even something to look forward to when school started - renewals of old feuds and friendships, weeks of learning again what one half forgot in the long summer. Fall was hot-supper time with everything to eat one missed in the morning when too sleepy to enjoy it.
Jess Walter|So is language change progress or degeneration? It is neither, of course. To assert that language change is for the better or worse requires some measure of what "good" or "bad" language is, and the issue of language change needn't come into question here. But no coherent criterion has ever been given: upon examination, the pronouncements of the self-appointed pundits are always a mix of cultural biases, half-understandings of languages, and an obvious compulsion for telling people what to do.
merlin8thomas|You haven’t done your best yet because you haven’t seen the best you can do yet. You are where you are now because you haven’t seen where you can be yet. If you see, your attitude, thought and tactics towards life will definitely change
George Galloway|If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
Jerome Lawrence|I'm fascinated by failure, and I'm fascinated by finality. Shakespeare's historical plays are more universal than his comedies because they relate to the finality of life. Without finality, life would not be beautiful.
Unknown Author 692|If I stood you in front of a man, pressed the cold metal of a gun into your palm and told you to squeeze the trigger, would you do it?''No, sir.''Are you sure?''Of course, sir. No ways!''What if I then told you we'd gone back in time and his name was Adolf Hitler? Would you do it then? Would you?
Esther Spurrill Jones|PoemWords from the heartBreaking, teaching, healingThe deepest, purest form of artFeeling
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive thoughts,Positive attitude,Positive action.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|It is a splendid thing to think that the woman you really love will never grow old to you. Through the wrinkles of time, through the mask of years, if you really love her, you will always see the face you loved and won. And a woman who really loves a man does not see that he grows old; he is not decrepit to her; he does not tremble; he is not old; she always sees the same gallant gentleman who won her hand and heart. I like to think of it in that way; I like to think that love is eternal. And to love in that way and then go down the hill of life together, and as you go down, hear, perhaps, the laughter of grandchildren, while the birds of joy and love sing once more in the leafless branches of the tree of age.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|You worry me, Mags, so self-contained and quiet. Hazelton would not have been my choice for you.""Why not?""He's a man who dwells in the shadows and appears to like it there. You have enough shadows of your own.""Maybe he sees me as I really am because shadows don't deter him.
Dada Bhagwan|To whom does Mataji (Mother Goddess) appear? It is to the one who becomes natural and spontaneous [sahaj swabhavi]. Mataji is said to have come if the mind, speech and the body become naturally blissful. It can be said that the natural spontaneous energies (adhya shakti) have arisen.
Victoria Vane|Ned seemed so different from any other man of her acquaintance, and, certainly, the antithesis of the rake she had set her sights on. She had chosen DeVere as her best prospect, yet after only this short time in Ned's company, she couldn't help fervently wishing that he was DeVere. She should feel triumphant that her goal was within easy reach... In truth, it was as if her appetite had been whetted for beefsteak...only to be served liver instead.-A WILD NIGHT'S BRIDE
Rupert Sheldrake|The beginning of wisdom, I believe, is our ability to accept an inherent messiness in our explanation of what's going on. Nowhere is it written that human minds should be able to give a full accounting of creation in all dimensions and on all levels. Ludwig Wittgenstein had the idea that philosophy should be what he called "true enough." I think that's a great idea. True enough is as true as can be gotten. The imagination is chaos. New forms are fetched out of it. The creative act is to let down the net of human imagination into the ocean of chaos on which we are suspended and then to attempt to bring out of it ideas.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|As you open to love, you can begin the process of defining your intentions for your dating life.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|you don't turn your back on family, even when they do.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.
Sanhita Baruah|People are going to break promises, and they will have every right to till the point you realize that you don't change plans based on someone else's words.
Barbara Deming, Prisons That Could Not Hold|Handcuffs weigh much more than gravestones.(from "Gratitude")
Charles F. Glassman|Habits are familiar and comfortable, putting our reactions on autopilot and often leading us, instead, to great discomfort.
M. Ageyev, Novel with Cocaine|Finally, when all was said and done, the certainty (so often experienced, yet always new) that female charms, the kind that inflame the senses, are no more than kitchen smells: they tease you when you're hungry and disgust you when you've had your fill.
Dada Bhagwan|There are two ways by which one will realize the life’s goal. If we have not met a Gnani Purush, then we should live life in such a way, that we hurt no one. Our highest goal should be to not hurt any living being in the slightest. The other way is if you encounter the Gnani Purush, then you should remain in the Gnani’s satsang. In doing so, all your work will be accomplished. All the 'puzzles' will be solved.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The central attitudes driving Mr. Right are:You should be in awe of my intelligence and should look up to me intellectually. I know better than you do, even about what’s good for you.Your opinions aren’t worth listening to carefully or taking seriously.The fact that you sometimes disagree with me shows how sloppy your thinking is.If you would just accept that I know what’s right, our relationship would go much better. Your own life would go better, too.When you disagree with me about something, no matter how respectfully or meekly, that’s mistreatment of me.If I put you down for long enough, some day you’ll see.
Rachel Kushner|I'm as much a victim of the romantic myth of 'getting away' as anyone else. My head tells me it's myth, but I don't want to believe it is.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|Dear sirs, The cold war isn’t over. When national borders fail, the epidermis is the last line of defense. We are counting on you.Sincerely,Patriot
Jean de La Fontaine|Everyone calls himself a friend, but only a fool relies on it: nothing is commoner than the name, nothing rarer than the thing.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|What do the words “plant” and “plan” have in common? Yes, correct, it’s the word PLAN.Mind Gardening is a mindful thinking and planning philosophy.
James A. Baldwin|Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
Rebecca Solnit|[A]though people get paid to do their jobs, you cannot pay someone to do their job passionately and wholeheartedly. Those qualities are not for sale; they are themselves gifts that can only be given freely, and are in many, many fields.
Bob Proctor|Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand." - Bob Proctor
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|One of the protestor's sign catches my eye. HOMISEXUALITY IS THE DEVIL'S WORK, it says. And once again I think about how people use the devil as an alias for the things they fear. The cause and effect is backward. The devil doesn't make anyone do anything. People just do things and blame the devil after.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|Our culture is now one of masculine triumphalism, in which transhistorically feminine expressions – empathy, sweetness, volubility, warmth – are seen as impediments to a woman’s professional trajectory in many sectors.
George MacDonald, Phantastes|Alas, how easily things go wrong!A sigh too much, a kiss too longAnd there follows a mist and a weeping rainAnd life is never the same again
Dada Bhagwan|Inauspicious intents (ashubh bhaav) binds demerit karma (paap), auspicious intents (shubh bhaav) binds merit karma (punya) and pure intents (shuddh bhaav) results in liberation (moksha).
Alin Sav|On a date, if you look more often to your phone than to your girlfriend/wife, then you have a problem... but if it is your partner who is messaging you, than you both need help.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Language most shews a man: Speak, that I may see thee.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|...nowadays, everyone seemed to be dreaming of absolutely everything. Traveling and loving and having a fantastic career and a happy family, all while being thin, beautiful, popular, and in touch with their spiritual side.
Dean Koontz, Velocity|Night thoughts have a different color than day thoughts, a different slant, more than anything else they know all the secret paths and chinks in the armor they can take advantage of to force their way into consciousness.
David Foster Wallace|That is what worship is all about. It is the glad shout of praise that arises to God the creator and God the rescuer from the creation that recognizes its maker, the creation that acknowledges the triumph of Jesus the Lamb. That is the worship that is going on in heaven, in God's dimension, all the time. The question we ought to be asking is how best we might join in.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|The business man who assumes that this life is everything, and the mystic who asserts that it is nothing, fail, on this side and on that, to hit the truth. "Yes, I see, dear; it's about halfway between," Aunt Juley had hazarded in earlier years. No; truth, being alive, was not halfway between anything. It was only to be found by continuous excursions into either realm, and though proportion is the final secret, to espouse it at the outset is to ensure sterility
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|...; Clary saw the group of lycanthropes look up, alert as a group of hunting dogs senting game. She turned- And saw Luke, tired and bloodstained, coming through the double doors of the Hall. She ran toward him. Forgetting how upset she'd been when he'd left, and forgetting how angry he'd been with her for bringing them here, forgetting everything but how glad she was to see him. He looked surprised for a moment as she barreled toward him- then he smiled, and put his arms out, and picked her up as he hugged her, the way he'd done when she'd been very small. He smelled like blood and flannel and smoke, and for a moment she closed her eyes, thinking of the way Alec had grabbed onto Jace the moment he'd seen him in the Hall, because that was what you did with family when you'd been worried about them, you grabbed them and held on to them and told them how much they'd pissed you off, and it was okay, becaused no matter how angry you got, they still belonged to you. And what she had said to Valentine was true. Luke was her family.
Charles Finch|If there’s a single idea I emphasize when people ask about writing, it’s that there’s no right way to produce a book. But I do think that whatever you do, you should do regularly, whether it’s waking up at midnight and drinking vodka or waking up at dawn and drinking tea, whether it’s sitting in a monkish study or writing on the back of a flatbed truck. The analogy I like is children’s literature: in a lot of children’s books, there’s a huge institutional structure (Hogwarts, for example) whose presiding safety allows the children’s imagination to run free. The more consistent your habits are – and this ties into having your tools nailed down – the more secure your brain will be to run free and create.
Alice Bag|What sparks wars? The will to power, the backbone of human nature. The threat of violence, the fear of violence, or actual violence, is the instrument of this dreadful will. You can see the will to power in bedrooms, kitchens, factories, unions and the borders of states. Listen to this and remember it. The nation state is merely human nature inflated to monstrous proportions. QED, nations are entities whose laws are written by violence. Thus it ever was, so ever shall it be.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is no sunset in a fascist country, because there is not a Sun in a fascist country!
Troy Jackson, Becoming King: Martin Luther King Jr. and the Making of a National Leader|It is the privilege of the new Jerusalem which is above, that there is no temple therein, Rev. 21.22, no ministry, no preaching, no sacraments in heaven, but God shall be all in all. An immediate enjoyment of God in this world without ordinances is but a delusion. In the church triumphant prophecies shall fail, 1 Cor. 13.8; but in the church militant, "despise not prophesyings," 1 Thess. 5.20.
Pittacus Lore, Secret Histories|I am not a hero in soul and never will be, but I am better than I was. Or so I tell myself; and for now, that is enough.
Sunday Adelaja|Fear of failure is closely connected with the apprehension of failure in any field of life, such as career, business, education of private life
Rachel Reiland, Get Me Out of Here: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder|People with BPD are like people with third degree burns over 90% of their bodies. Lacking emotional skin, they feel agony at the slightest touch or movement.
John Boyne, The Absolutist|I think sometimes people think cheerful is a synonym for dumb, so no one is ever cheerful.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|Just being with Nakajima made me feel as if we were detached from history, and had no particular age.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We are capable beyond measure. Go all out and be the great person, you are destiny to be.
Tom Shippey, J.R.R. Tolkien: Author of the Century|Progress in evil was quick and easy; Apollyon was not a chap who hid himself and he gave every assistance in his power. The growth in goodness was so slow, at times so flat, so dull, and like the White Queen one had to run so fast to stay where one was, let alone progress; and there were few men who dared to say they had found God. It was easy to be a clever sinner, for the race to an earthly visible goal was short to run, so impossibly hard to be a wise saint, with the goal set at so vast a distance from this world and clouded with such uncertainty.
Stephenie Meyer, Midnight Sun|That's just the way: a person does a low-down thing, and then he don't want to take no consequences of it. Thinks as long as he can hide it, it ain't no disgrace.
Mads Sukalikar, Do Virgins Taste Better? And Other Tales of Whimsy|The day the Dragon chooses a male virgin instead of a female as his yearly sacrifice, the entire kingdom erupts into mass protests and anger.
Ian McDonald, The Dervish House|You collect art: you must know that the miniature artists, at the end of careers spent painting the tiniest, most exacting details that no one would ever look at, would often put their eyes out with needles. Too much beauty, yes, but also too much seeing. They were tired of seeing. The dark was safe and warm and comfortable. Blindness was a gift. I still have seeing to do.
Amanda Hocking, Hollowland|Growing up, I'd already decided I wanted to be a beatnik. A Bohemian poet, I thought. Or a musician. Maybe an artist. I'd dress in black turtlenecks and smoke Gitanes. I'd listen to cool jazz in clubs, getting up to read devastating truths from my notebook, leaning against the microphone, cigarette dangling from my hand.
Susanne Bier|I hate when the sun is high and there are no shadows. If I could do super high-budget movies, I would only shoot when the sun starts to get low - but you can't just shoot for four hours every day.
Dan Ahearn, Shoot the Moon|The actual history of interracial rape - according to FBI statistics - is that, since the 70's, approximately 15,000 to 36,000 white women have been raped by black men every year, while, on average, zero black women are raped by black men." (The Department of Justice uses "0" to denote fewer than ten victims.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Life is, in fact, a battle. Evil is insolent and strong; beauty enchanting, but rare; goodness very apt to be weak; folly very apt to be defiant; wickedness to carry the day; imbeciles to be in great places, people of sense in small, and mankind generally unhappy. But the world as it stands is no narrow illusion, no phantasm, no evil dream of the night; we wake up to it, forever and ever; and we can neither forget it nor deny it nor dispense with it.
Angela Wilhite|The Bible and newspapers, to both Lincoln and Greeley, they represented equally compelling gospel.
Travis Scott|I'm having a great time. It's like I'm on some ridiculous big roller coaster not knowing what's happening next, but just having a great time on the ride.
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|We must not offer people a system of redemption, a set of insights and principles. We offer people a Redeemer.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The Hmong never had any interest in ruling over the Chinese or anyone else; they wanted merely to be left alone, which, as their later history was also to illustrate, may be the most difficult request any minority can make of a majority culture.
Rita Stradling, The Lie Spinners|When you’ve crawled through the darkness, the light is so much more glorious.
Robert Frost|God made a beauteous garden With lovely flowers strown,But one straight, narrow pathway That was not overgrown.And to this beauteous garden He brought mankind to live,And said "To you, my children, These lovely flowers I give.Prune ye my vines and fig trees, With care my flowers tend,But keep the pathway open Your home is at the end."God's Garden
Stephen Cohen|War in men's eyes shall be A monster of iniquity In the good time coming. Nations shall not quarrel then, To prove which is the stronger; Nor slaughter men for glory's sake; - Wait a little longer.
Belle Aurora, Raw|People used to make money, but somewhere along the way, it started making us.
Anne Fortier|There is a lot of interest in the arts, music, theatre, filmmaking, engineering, architecture and software design. I think we have now transitioned the modern-day version of the entrepreneur into the creative economy.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|The last dying days of summer, fall coming on fast. A cold night, the first of the season, a change from the usual bland Maryland climate. Cold, thought the boy; his mind felt numb. The trees he could see through his bedroom window were tall charcoal sticks, shivering, afraid of the wind or only trying to stand against it. Every tree was alone out there. The animals were alone, each in its hole, in its thin fur, and anything that got hit on the road tonight would die alone. Before morning, he thought, its blood would freeze in the cracks of the asphalt.
Charles Grandison Finney|It is the great business of every Christian to save souls. People complain that they do not know how to take hold of this matter. Why, the reason is plain enough; they have never studied it. They have never taken the proper pains to qualify themselves for the work. If you do not make it a matter of study, how you may successfully act in building up the kingdom of Christ, you are acting a very wicked and absurd part as a Christian.
Ruth St. Denis|God is in all men, but all men are not in God; that is why we suffer.
John Cheever, The Swimmer|She isn't here, but aroundhere, in a deep raindisappearing.
Voltaire, Poem Upon the Lisbon Disaster|A professor from UBC observed that he agreed with Alexander Pope about the ultimate unreality of evil. Seen from the highest point of metaphysics. To a rational mind, nothing bad ever really happens. He was talking high-minded balls. Twaddle! I thought. I said, 'Oh? Do you mean that every gas chamber has a silver lining?
Gerald R. Ford|If I went back to college again, I'd concentrate on two areas learning to write and to speak before an audience. Nothing in life is more important than the ability to communicate effectively.
Norman Lear|In fact, the converse is true: At a time when the United States has been called on for a level of moral leadership, vision and inspiration not seen since World War II, we cannot afford to dissemble about crimes against humanity.
Margaret Mallory, The Gift|Something about the floating club reminded him of Wonderland. Not Disney's Wonderland, either, but Wonderland according to Lewis Carroll: dark, sumptuous. Treacherous. It was the sort of place where anything could happen...and probably did. He had a feeling if a deranged, bloodthirsty monarch suddenly swept in and started demanding people's heads, no one would bat an eye.
Democritus|None so good that he has no faults, None so wicked that he is worth naught.
Liz Goldwyn|If you look hard at it, if you look hard at the bleeding heart attitude to always throw money at issues, throw money at problems, what you're in fact probably saying is you're exercising a prejudicism of low expectations.
William Gibson, Neuromancer|And the Flatline aligned the nose of Kuang's sting with the center of the dark below. And dove. Case's sensory input warped with their velocity. His mouth filled with an aching taste of blue. His eyes were eggs of unstable crystal, vibrating with a frequency whose name was rain and the sounds of trains, suddenly sprouting a humming forest of hair-fine spines. The spines split, bisected, split again, exponential growth under the dome of the Tessier-Ashpool ice.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|We can worship God imperfectly, but we cannot worship him insincerely.
Bob Woodward, Obama's Wars|McChrystal had organized a jaw-dropping counterterrorism campaign inside Iraq, but the tactical successes did not translate into a strategic victory. This was why counterinsurgency - blanketing the population in safety and winning them over - was necessary.
J.I. Packer, Faithfulness and Holiness: The Witness of J.C. Ryle|Every one of our sinful actions has a suicidal power on the faculties that put that action forth. When you sin with the mind, that sin shrivels the rationality. When you sin with the heart or the emotions, that sin shrivels the emotions. When you sin with the will, that sin destroys and dissolves your willpower and your self-control. Sin is the suicidal action of the self against itself. Sin destroys freedom because sin is an enslaving power.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|It takes a purely human courage to renounce the whole temporal realm in order to gain eternity, but this I do gain and in all eternity can never renounce—it is a self-contradiction. But it takes a paradoxical and humble courage to grasp the whole temporal realm now by virtue of the absurd, and this is the courage of faith.
Simon Barnes, Ten Million Aliens: A Journey Through the Entire Animal Kingdom|[W]e may now be on the threshold of a new kind of genetic takeover. DNA replicators built 'survival machines' for themselves — the bodies of living organisms including ourselves. As part of their equipment, bodies evolved onboard computers — brains. Brains evolved the capacity to communicate with other brains by means of language and cultural traditions. But the new milieu of cultural tradition opens up new possibilities for self-replicating entities. The new replicators are not DNA and they are not clay crystals. They are patterns of information that can thrive only in brains or the artificially manufactured products of brains — books, computers, and so on. But, given that brains, books and computers exist, these new replicators, which I called memes to distinguish them from genes, can propagate themselves from brain to brain, from brain to book, from book to brain, from brain to computer, from computer to computer.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Without thoughtful effort and purposeful change, human life does not improve. The key to living a meaningful life is to accept reality. There is no inherent meaning to life just as there is no hidden meaning behind death. Life is limited and death is simply an ending. The only meaning to life is what each person passionately commits their life to accomplishing.
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|Do you have to do murder?Do we have to do murder? Sure we have to do murder. There are only two subjects--a woman's chastity, and murder. Nobody's interested in chastity any more. Murder's all we got to write stories about.
Tony Dovale|A millionaires' mindset focus moves from posessions to feelings, once they become conscious and awake.
George C. Marshall|Don't think, just do.
René Descartes, Principles of Philosophy|Find Great Ways to Be Happy , Stop Feeling Blue
A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy|How can we turn our knowledge about God into knowledge of God? The rule for doing this is simple but demanding. It is that we turn each Truth that we learn about God into matter for meditation before God, leading to prayer and praise to God.
Tom Robbins, Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas|If every time we choose a turd, society, at a great expense, simply allows us to redeem it for a pepperoni, then not only will we never learn to make smart choices, we will also surrender the freedom to choose, because a choice without consequences is no choice at all.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|I love Jere more than anybody. He’s my brother, my family. I hate myself for doing this. But when I see you two together, I hate him too.” His voice broke.“Don’t marry him. Don’t be with him. Be with me.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|P46- As long as the oppressed remain unaware of the causes of their condition, they fatalistically "accept" their exploitation.
Joan Slonczewski, A Door Into Ocean|Carmen's speciality is national news, and her greatest pleasure is finding inconsistencies in the declarations of politicians: syntactical errors, and – why not? – howlers. The one she has the most fun with is the mayor. Someone who can't speak shouldn't be in charge of a city, she's always saying. And, far from being elitist, her observation alludes to the obvious contempt a certain affluent social class – from which the mayor hails – feels for language (words, meaning, syntax, conjugation, use of prepositions, solipsisms) and which she, a secondary-teacher of language and literature for more than thirty years, refuses to countenance.
Asma Naqi|The most important lesson life has taught me: Nothing can kill us other than death itself. So, be fearless, take chances, step out of your comfort zone, spread your wings and soar high. Live while you are alive.
Lindsey Vonn|If you look at things that really affect people's lives - sport, the arts, charities - they were always at the back of the queue for government money - health, social security, defence, pensions were all way ahead. And each of those areas - sports, the arts, the lottery - got relatively petty cash from the government.
Nathan Myhrvold|Perfect as the wing of a bird may be, it will never enable the bird to fly if unsupported by the air. Facts are the air of science. Without them a man of science can never rise.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven|Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore,While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my chamber door — Only this, and nothing more."Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December,And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.Eagerly I wished the morrow; — vainly I had sought to borrowFrom my books surcease of sorrow — sorrow for the lost Lenore —For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Lenore — Nameless here for evermore.And the silken sad uncertain rustling of each purple curtainThrilled me — filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before;So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood repeating,Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door —Some late visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door; — This it is, and nothing more."Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer,Sir," said I, "or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore;But the fact is I was napping, and so gently you came rapping,And so faintly you came tapping, tapping at my chamber door,That I scarce was sure I heard you"— here I opened wide the door; — Darkness there, and nothing more.Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing,Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before;But the silence was unbroken, and the stillness gave no token,And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, "Lenore?"This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, "Lenore!" — Merely this, and nothing more.Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me burning,Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than before.Surely," said I, "surely that is something at my window lattice:Let me see, then, what thereat is, and this mystery explore —Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore; — 'Tis the wind and nothing more."Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter,In there stepped a stately raven of the saintly days of yore;Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute stopped or stayed he;But, with mien of lord or lady, perched above my chamber door —Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber door — Perched, and sat, and nothing more.Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into smiling,By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it wore.Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou," I said, "art sure no craven,Ghastly grim and ancient raven wandering from the Nightly shore —Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night's Plutonian shore!" Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."Much I marveled this ungainly fowl to hear discourse so plainly,Though its answer little meaning— little relevancy bore;For we cannot help agreeing that no living human beingEver yet was blest with seeing bird above his chamber door —Bird or beast upon the sculptured bust above his chamber door, With such name as "Nevermore.
Jim Bishop|Like I said on my bio on my webpage, I was born at an early age, I was close to my mother.
Bernie Sanders, Our Revolution: A Future to Believe In|The corporate media spends a lot of time covering the lifestyles of the rich and the famous, but not all that much time covering the poor and the desperate. To a large degree, these people , the millions of poor people in America, are invisible, living under the radar screen. Their suffering is not seen on our evening news. But it's there.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|Too long spent denying each other, we no longer hid our want.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|On a shirt, every button has its own button-hole. Fix a button elsewhere and your dressing goes crazy and nasty! On earth, everyone has his/her dreams. You have your own. Fix yourself there and your life will be fully fulfilled!
Marina and the Diamonds|I just fell into the job as a fashion editor at a teen magazine. I was there for two years, and I left there as a senior fashion editor at the age of 25.
Komal Kant, Beneath Him|Love shouldn't be too sweet, coz extra sweetness remove lighter's taste'' -Samar Sudha.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|And yet, in a sense, in choosing to be deprived of the ability to make an ethical choice, you have in a sense really chosen the good.
Julia Quinn, Dancing at Midnight|The front door slammed and Dad said, “Aurora, sure you aren’t expecting a package?”I leaned back to find him army-crawling under the window in the living room. Like all dads do. “Already told you no, Rambo.”“The new mailman is back.” Dad reached up and pulled the curtains closed before standing up and peeking out. “Won’t come to the door.”“M shot a tranquillizer dart at the last guy.” Mom gave a tired look at M who shrugged unapologetically. “The fact that there’s a new one willing to be on our sidewalk is a miracle. Don’t scare him off, Clyde.”Dad tried to block me when I went for the curtains. “He won’t let me sign for your package. Demanded you come out in person.”“I’ll get my tranq gun!” M made for her room.“Don’t you dare!” Mom chased her.I swished back the curtains to get a look at the petrifying postman. “I find his interest in my teenage daughter creepy,” Dad grumbled.Oh, he had no idea.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|THE DEVIL. As far as I went, yes. But I will now go further, and confess to you that men get tired of everything, of heaven no less than of hell; and that all history is nothing but a record of the oscillations of the world between these two extremes. An epoch is but a swing of the pendulum; and each generation thinks the world is progressing because it is always moving. But when you are as old as I am; when you have a thousand times wearied of heaven, like myself and the Commander, and a thousand times wearied of hell, as you are wearied now, you will no longer imagine that every swing from heaven to hell is an emancipation, every swing from hell to heaven an evolution. Where you now see reform, progress, fulfilment of upward tendency, continual ascent by Man on the stepping stones of his dead selves to higher things, you will see nothing but an infinite comedy of illusion....
Jamie Varon|You are as you are until you're not. You change when you want to change. You put your ideas into action in the timing that is best. That's just how it happens.And what I think we all need more than anything is this: permission to be wherever the fuck we are when we're there.You're not a robot. You can't just conjure up motivation when you don't have it. Sometimes you're going through something. Sometimes life has happened. Life! Remember life? Yeah, it teaches you things and sometimes makes you go the long way around for your biggest lessons.You don't get to control everything. You can wake up at 5 a.m. every day until you're tired and broken, but if the words or the painting or the ideas don't want to come to fruition, they won't. You can show up every day to your best intentions, but if it's not the time, it's just not the fucking time. You need to give yourself permission to be a human being.
Sara Craven|You're like a madnessinside me, a fever I can't cure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We can only love one another deeply from the heart, for there is home of sacredness.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Listen, I don’t know what the hell happened between you and Marco. To be honest I don’t really want to know, ’cause if I did I’d probably want to kick the shit outta him.”“I don’t need you to protect me.”“What if I want to?
Dianna Hardy, Broken Lights|But the three hundred and sixty-five authors who try to write new fairy tales are very tiresome. They always begin with a little boy or girl who goes out and meets the fairies of polyanthuses and gardenias and apple blossoms: 'Flowers and fruits, and other winged things.' These fairies try to be funny, and fail; or they try to preach, and succeed.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|She turned her head, and the skin of her cheek caught the moonlight, smooth as satin. Tough and beautiful. He grimaced. Tu agis sans passion et sans haine. You act without passion and without hatred. He'd recited the line every day of his nineteen years in the Legion, but it'd never resonated as strongly as it did now.
John Bradshaw|Win or lose, I'll feel good about myself. That's what is important.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, Writings to Young Women from Laura Ingalls Wilder: On Wisdom and Virtues|tiny: did someone die?me: yeah, i did.he smiles again at that.tiny: well, then... welcome to the afterlife.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I neither oblige the belief of other person, nor overhastily subscribe mine own. Nor have I stood with others computing or collating years and chronologies, lest I should be vainly curious about the time and circumstance of things, whereof the substance is so much in doubt. By this time, like one who had set out on his way by night, and travelled through a region of smooth or idle dreams, our history now arrives on the confines, where daylight and truth meet us with a clear dawn, representing to our view, though at a far distance, true colours and shapes.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|When two or more hearts unite, anything is possible.
Barry Commoner|Wind and other clean, renewable energy will help end our reliance on fossil fuels and combat the severe threat that climate change poses to humans and wildlife alike.
Auliq Ice|If the truth was equal to the lie, and our love was equal to our hatred, we would become absolutely nil persons.
Bohdi Sanders, Modern Bushido: Living a Life of Excellence|Making a decision to live a life of excellence, and living a life of excellence are two difference things.
Ogden Nash, The Best of Ogden Nash|To keep your marriage brimming,With love in the loving cup,Whenever you're wrong, admit it;Whenever you're right, shut up."~Happy birthday Ogden Nash! (born 8.19.1902)﻿
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|The only thing you have to do in this life is die," said Mrs. Pinsky..."everything else is a choice.
Anonymous|A strange smile was playing about his face, and Wendy saw it and shuddered. While that smile was on his face no one dared address him; all they could do was to stand ready to obey.
Dannika Dark, Sterling|So, what can I do?” I asked.“Annoy?”I gave him a hurt look.Justus pulled the tip of his hoodie over his eye and lowered his voice. “It remains to be seen; sometimes it takes years to uncover abilities.”“Maybe I can’t do anything.”His blue eyes flashed up to mine. “Learner, we are all gifted.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|D'you think he would have thought ahead like that?" said Henry. "Assuredly," said Will. "The man's a strategist." He tapped his temple. "Like me.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|I‘m very aware that my personal life, my marriage, is the source of speculation and interest in the department and with the public. I can live with that. I’m also aware that my husband’s businesses, and his style of conducting his businesses, are also the source of speculation and interest. I have no particular problem with that. But I resent very much that my reputation and my husband’s character should be questioned this way. From the media, Commander, it’s to be expected, but not from my superior officer. Not from any member of the department I’ve served to the best of my ability. I want you to take note, Commander, that turning in my badge would be like cutting off my arm. But if it comes down to a choice between the job and my marriage, then I lose the arm.
Robert Jordan, The Path of Daggers|Facing them (men) with knives and spears was much easier than loving them, much easier.
Leonard Cohen|I'm glad I had a chance to see great music played up close and live. In a way, that's what I hope my show does. It's almost like an acoustic evening with Mick Foley.
Andrea Moro, The Boundaries of Babel. The Brain and the Enigma of Impossible Languages|Only our brain keeps growing in its faculties, even when rest of the body starts to slow down. One must decide the climax of life and attain it before the body slows down.
C.G. Jung|The creative process, so far as we are able to follow it at all, consists in the unconscious activation of an archetypal image, and in elaborating and shaping this image into the finished work. By giving it shape, the artist translates it into the language of the present, and so makes it possible for us to find our way back to the deepest springs of life. Therein lies the social significance of art: it is constantly at work educating the spirit of the age, conjuring up the forms in which the age is most lacking.
Bill Gates|One's eyes are what one is, one's mouth is what one becomes.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Grounding is most effective when you have some place to go. When you know where you are going, grounding brings strength and confidence, when you’re stagnant you get caught in the past.
Guy de Maupassant, A Day in the Country and Other Stories|Snape looked horrified. 'You have kept him alive so that he can die at the right moment?''Don't look shocked, Severus. How many men and women have you watched die?''Lately, only those whom I could not save', said Snape.
Pat Metheny|Silicon Valley is a great place for Bitcoin, since everyone understands computers, and there are lots of libertarians running around.
Philip Roth, Portnoy's Complaint|I can lie about my name, I can lie about my school, but how am I going to lie about this fucking nose? "You seem like a very nice person Mr. Porte-Noir, but why do you go around covering the middle of your face like that?" Because suddenly it has taken off, the middle of my face! Because gone is the button of my childhood years, that pretty little thing that people used to look at in my carriage, and lo and behold, the middle of my face has begun to reach out towards God. Porte-Noir and Parsons my ass, kid, you have got J-E-W written right across the middle of your face...
Laure Eve, The Graces|I ate and read my book, this particular kind of fantasy novel that I secretly loved. It was my favorite thing to do– eat and read. The world just shut up for a while.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Joshua Joseph has no real hatred of modern technology - he just mistrusts the effortless, textureless surfaces, and the ease with which it trains you to do things in the way most convenient to the machine. Above all, he mistrusts duplication. A rare thing becomes a commonplace thing. A skill becomes a feature. The end is more important than the means. The child of the soul gives place to a product of the system....For anything really important, Joe prefers something with a history, an item which can name the hand which assembled it and will warm to the one that deploys it. A thing of life, rather than one of the many consumer items which humans use to make more clutter; strange parasitic devices with their own little ecosystems.
Heidi Reagan|When we connect with our personal authenticity and truth, the vitality that is triggered becomes an eternal spring of regenerative passion that continues to expand our experience.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Above all we should, in the century since Darwin, have come to know that man, while now captain of the adventuring ship, is hardly the sole object of its quest, and that his prior assumptions to this effect arose from the simple necessity of whistling in the dark.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Love your children, for they are the seeds that will make this city bloom.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't love yourself, how can you love others?
Christine Feehan, Safe Harbor|I have to figure out why I worked at a job I hated for years. I have to find out why I can’t see what everyone else sees in me. I don’t feel beautiful. When I look in the mirror, I never saw beautiful. For this to happen to someone like me, it’s devastating, Jonas. I don’t want you to think it’s vanity, it isn’t. I can’t see me and I need to be able to do that. I need to find out what I’m like and what I want. I have to be comfortable in my own skin before I can be in a relationship the way you want.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When faced with the choice of living one breath longer or cashing in right now, most folks will take the extra moment. That single extra breath. Even when your world stops spinning and gravity dies and the blood glitters in the air like a galaxy of warm red suns all around you. A lot can happen between breaths, after all.
Banole|What I have told you is not completely true. You should beware, for often in this story, my words will be spoken out of bitterness, out of hate. The scream of the poor is not always just; but if you do not listen to it, then you will never understand justice.
Shaye Evans, Christmas Wishes|I cannot explain what's between us, Lady Newbury, other than to say that I have an uncanny urge to kiss you whenever we meet.
Andy Fax|Online Faxing - A tool that does one thing and it does it well"-ifaxapp
Philip Reeve|In contemporary art culture, where good looks and clever strategic planning of art careers have become a feature, professional practice may be taught in art schools like a branch of public relations or political science.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|History, in general, only informs us what bad government is.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|It is never about who is right or wrong, it is about what is best.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|You are lost because you have not been being honest with yourself, and your life is largely unexamined and unexerted.
Piet Hein|To think, to think, even with a split second left - to think was the only hope.
Rixa White|I'm lost in space and I want to find a way home. Nobody else can get me back to the planet, so I have to do it myself.
Anne Bishop, Written in Red|I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be buried in thyeyes—and moreover, I will go with thee to thy uncle’s.
Emily Dickinson|Faith—is the Pierless BridgeSupporting what We seeUnto the Scene that We do not—Too slender for the eyeIt bears the Soul as boldAs it were rocked in SteelWith Arms of Steel at either side—It joins—behind the VeilTo what, could We presumeThe Bridge would cease to beTo Our far, vacillating FeetA first Necessity.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|Again he thought of his own losses, and he wondered why it was that the things a person had lost— or might lose— defined him more than the things he yet possessed.
Andrew Levkoff, The Other Alexander|Alone with my wine and my misery, I was convinced that life was composed of a string of “if only’s” leading from one self-inflicted bungle to the next until at some point, one’s final iteration of the excuse became one’s final utterance, and one expired.
Markus Persson|If you look at an old piece of sheet music, there's all kinds of text on it, there are ads, there are proclamations of the greatest songs' success, there's artwork. So there is a tactile, physical experience of learning the song and the way it's notated.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Allen Ginsberg startled the audience at OutWrite, the gay literary conference, when he confessed he didn’t worry about AIDS since his sex life consisted chiefly of giving blowjobs to straight college boys.
Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing|When you don't cover up the world with words and labels, a sense of the miraculous returns to your life that was lost a long time ago when humanity, instead of using thought, became possessed by thought.
Cornell Woolrich, Vampire's Honeymoon|I must have roamed dementedly about for a time in the streets. When I at last got back to my own place, Faustine was again there ahead of me, coiled torpid in the bed like a loathsome boa-constrictor. She was already in the never-never land where ghouls like her belonged. I covered her face with one of the pillows, pressed down upon it with the weight of my whole body, held it there until she should have been dead ten times over. Yet when I removed the pillow to look, the black of strangulation was missing from her face. She was still in that state of suspended animation that defied me, a taunting smile visible about her lips.I had a gun in my valise, from years before when I'd been on an engineering job in the jungles of Ecuador. I got it out, looked it over. It was still in good working order, although it only had one bullet left in it. That one would be enough. She wasn't going to escape me! I pressed the muzzle to her smooth white forehead, mid-center. "Die, damn you!" I growled, and pulled the trigger back. It exploded with a crash. A film of smoke hid her face from me for a minute. When it had cleared again, I looked.There was no bullet-hole in her skull!A black powder-smudge marked the point of contact. The gun dropped to the floor with a thud. That ineradicable smile still glimmered up at me, as if to say: "You see? You can't." I rubbed my finger over the black; the skin was unbroken underneath. A blank cartridge, that must have been it. I raised her head; there was a rent in the sheet under it. I probed through it with two fingers. I could feel the bullet lying imbedded down in the stuffing of the mattress.("Vampire's Honeymoon)
Richard Lamm|I know that some things are beyond our control, some illnesses are beyond our control, we get sick, we don't know why. But let's pledge to do whatever we can to avoid those high medical bills.
Katharine McMahon, The Alchemist's Daughter|Do you mind telling me what you pray?""I pray for the wisdom to find meaning in the . . . her death.""And have you?""No, Mrs. Aislabie, I find no meaning. But perhaps that's because I'm too small to see a plan so large I rarely get anything but a brief glimpse of it.
Zoe Forward, His Witch to Keep|He crowded her against the wall. "I'll fuck you until you admit there will never be anyone else who can bring you pleasure."A low and husky laugh erupted from deep in her chest. She trailed her hand down beneath his tuxedo jacket, over sculpted abs, to cup her hand around the hot length of him pressing against the tux trousers. She stroked him. "Promise?
Cheryl Rainfield, Scars|I think you've got to get out whatever's hurting you through your art, so it doesn't twist you up inside.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|Then, as tonight, he had felt lonely, but soon had learnt the bounty of such loneliness. The music had breathed to him its message, to him alone amongst these ordinary folk, whispered its gentle secret. And now the star. Across the shoulders of these people a voice was speaking to him in a tongue that he alone could understand".
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have nothing but joy in this life, you are still rich.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|There's no shame in fear, my father told me, what matters is how we face it.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Imagine what your life would be like if you were completely uninhibited by fear, pride, or procrastination. What would you be capable of? Anything.
Os Guinness, Time for Truth: Living Free in a World of Lies, Hype & Spin|Most of us are continually engaged in some form of pursuit. We are seeking excellence within one or more areas in our lives, and that is the basis of our motivation. It is human nature to have a need to get ahead, need a little something more—it’s in our DNA. Although we may not be certain of what we need at any given moment, we know there’s something. It’s a competitive itch and desire to improve that never goes away.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|It may be somewhat paradoxical to refer to shame as a 'feeling,' for while shame is initially painful, constant shaming leads to a deadening of feeling. Shame, like cold, is, in essence, the absence of warmth. And when it reaches overwhelming intensity, shame is experienced, like cold, as a feeling of numbness and deadness. [In Dante's Inferno] the lowest circle of hell was a region not of flames, but of ice---absolute coldness.
Ronnie Milsap|I start really missing London when I go away. I have a little flat, but very central. I live above a pub and you'd think it'd be a nightmare, but I like hearing the music and it's quite comforting.
Gary K. Smith, The Mathematics of Sorrow: A Heart-based Model That Turns Sorrow Into A Gift|Sorrow is specific. Sorrow is vibrational. Sorrow is the state of depressed dimensional fields in and around the heart region. So actually, what is being said here is that there comes a time when an individual cannot love enough to transmute certain experience. Certain experiences are so challenging that the individual’s heart region depresses. If one can transmute shocks to the heart, and regain or hold heart balance, then one understands the “mathematics of sorrow” at that dimensional spectrum.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|Being depressed and suicidal doesn't mean wanting to kill yourself every moment of every day. It may be a fixed obsession, but sometimes it gets relegated to the back of your head. Rather, it means the world takes on the very cut and dry, black and white, unilateral aspect of a flowchart.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|Safeguard your weaknesses, for your enemy will always use them against you. But more importantly …” He raised a single bony finger, waving it rhythmically to the cadence of his words. “Safeguard your true strengths. If he knows not what you are capable of, he will always underestimate you.” He fixed his unflinching eyes on mine. “And you are not to be underestimated.
Ernest Hemingway|The gypsies believe the bear to be a brother to man because he has the same body beneath his hide, because he drinks beer, because he enjoys music and because he likes to dance.
J.M. Stewart, Whatever It Takes|Those baby blues slid over him, from his chest to his feet and back up, as if he were merchandise she hadn’t yet decided to buy. “I need a man.”Jackson bit back a miserable groan. The woman would be the death of him.
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|This love of which I speak is slow to lose patience - it looks for a way of being constructive.Love is not possessive.Love is not anxious to impress nor does it cherish inflated ideas of its own ideas.Love has good manners and does not pursue selfish advantage.Love is not touchy.Love does not keep account of evil or gloat over the wickedness of other people. On the contrary, it is glad with all good men when truth prevails.Love knows no limits to its endurance, no end to its trust, no fading of its hope; it can outlast anything. It is, in fact, the one thing that stands when all else has fallen.
Hillary Clinton|My son likes to go see mines and electric plants, or the Large Hadron Collider, and we've had a chance to see a lot of interesting stuff.
Otsuichi, ZOO|Strange combination, isn't it--gratitude and resentment? But this is the way I think. Actually, I think everybody thinks that way. Even the children of the humans who died long ago, I think they lived their lives holding similar contradictory thoughts about their parents. They were raised to learn about love and death, and they lived out their lives passing from the sunny spots to the shady spots of this world.
Yando Wanii Nimbo|I clearly understand, first, that the real human being is a poet and, second, that [the tyrant] is the incarnate negation of a poet.
Dawn Garcia|Stop messin' around. Be the person you are meant to be. Remember that somewhere someone is rooting for you to succeed! Don't worry about the others. They're too busy riding coattails, being unhappy and making excuses as to why they gave up on their own dreams. You've got this. And if today you were wondering if you could do it? Consider this your pep talk.
Joan Lunden|Edith Vonnegut behaved like a guest in her children's lives. To her way of thinking, parenting came under the general heading of household tasks, which, as a wealthy woman, she could pay others to do.
Kenneth Eade, Killer.com|He wanted to cut the man’s throat. Never in his life had he been so overpowered by such a desire to kill someone. It was a strange feeling, sweet and driven. In one leap he could be on him. His legs wanted to do it; they trembled with anticipation.
Emma Watson|I've always said, stuff the engagement ring! Just build me a really big library.
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|I'm afraid that the gift of visiting the past is all that we have. We can revisit it, but only as it happened.
Michael Crichton|Technology no longer consists just of hardware or software or even services, but of communities. Increasingly, community is a part of technology, a driver of technology, and an emergent effect of technology.
Pedro Calderon de la Barca|The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
Mary McCarthy|We all live in suspense, from day to day, from hour to hour; in other words, we are the hero of our own story.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Before I was born my father disowned me. You know those ones who get the females pregnant, and then say the baby is not theirs? He rejected me, told my mother that I am not his child, so I never had a relationship with my father. Shelton ‘Apples’ Burrows reform gang leader
Nick Cannon|I lived by the candlelight for two years because I couldn't afford power. It was nice and romantic at the time, but if you can't afford power you're pretty broke. You endure it.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, He Forgot to Say Goodbye|Mathematics is not a deductive science - that's a cliche. When you try to prove a theorem, you don't just list the hypotheses, and then start to reason. What you do is trial and error, experimentation, guesswork.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|But when you have order, you don't need Gods. When everything is well ordered and disciplined then nothing is unexpected. If you understand everything,' I said carefully, 'then there's no room left for magic. It's only when you're lost and frightened and in the dark that you call on the Gods, and they like us to call on them. It makes them feel powerful, and that's why they like us to live in chaos.
Kirsten Gillibrand|To my great disappointment, it appears that the politics of division are making a big comeback. Many Americans share my disappointment - especially those who were filled with great hope a few years ago, when then-Senator Obama announced his candidacy in Springfield, Illinois.
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|Suicidal pain includes the feeling that one has lost all capacity to effect emotional change. The agony is excruciating and looks as if it will never end. There is the feeling of having been beaten down for a very long time. There are feelings of agitation, emptiness, and incoherence. 'Snap out of it and get on with your life,' sounds like a demand to high jump ten feet.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[R]eal wisdom is the property of God, and... human wisdom has little or no value.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|Nature in everything demands respect, and those who violate her laws seldom violate them with impunity.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A man must learn from his own mistakes, to be what he wishes to be.
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|His games have a deeper meaning and fascination that adults can no longer fathom and require nothing more than three pebbles, or a piece of wood with a dandelion helmet, perhaps; but above all they require only the pure, strong, passionate, chaste, still-untroubled fantasy of those happy years when life still hesitates to touch us, when neither duty nor guilt dares lay a hand upon us, when we are allowed to see, hear, laugh, wonder, and dream without the world's demanding anything in return, when the impatience of those whom we want so much to love has not yet begun to torment us for evidence, some early token, that we will diligently fulfill our duties. Ah, it will not be long, and all that will rain down upon us in overwhelming, raw power, will assault us, stretch us, cramp us, drill us, corrupt us.
Abraham Lincoln|We shall need all the anti-slavery feeling in the country, and more; you can go home and try to bring the people to your views, and you may say anything you like about me, if that will help... When the hour comes for dealing with slavery, I trust I will be willing to do my duty though it cost my life.
Jessica Khoury, Vitro|There's always more than what meets the eye. If you dig in deep enough and pay attention, you can really see the beauty in a person.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|Forgive me," I wrote at the bottom. "I did not think I would break.
Christopher Hitchens, The Trial of Henry Kissinger|Kissinger projects a strong impression of a man at home in the world and on top of his brief. But there are a number of occasions when it suits him to pose as a sort of Candide: naive, and ill-prepared for and easily unhorsed by events. No doubt this pose costs him something in point of self-esteem. It is a pose, furthermore, which he often adopts at precisely the time when the record shows him to be knowledgeable, and when knowledge or foreknowledge would also confront him with charges of responsibility or complicity.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|The trouble with England, he thinks, is that it's so poor in gesture. We shall have to develop a hand signal for ‘Back off, our prince is fucking this man's daughter.’ He is surprised that the Italians have not done it. Though perhaps they have, and he just never caught on.
Sunday Adelaja|A million dollars. Think about it for a moment. It’s not just a large number – it’s a symbol of everything we’ve been told to want in this world. Foreign cars with doors that swing up like magical wings. Houses with in-ground pools and wine cellars. Wines that are older than you, and foods with names that can’t be pronounced by mere mortals. A million dollars would open the kind of doors the general public doesn’t even know exist.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|Sorrow has rushed over the world like the waters of the Deluge, and it will take time to recede. But already, there are small islands of - hope? Happiness? Something like them, at any rate.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is better to experience temporary discomfort to achieve the dream, than permanent comfort without any fulfillment.
Victor Hugo|The brain is not nourished on beans and truffles but rather the food manages to reconstitute the molecules of the brain once it has been turned into homogeneous and assimilable substances, which potentially have the "same nature", as the molecules of the brain
Amit Kalantri|Advertisement shouldn’t look like information, it should look like a promise.
Robert E. Lee|The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|Oh yeah," Zane says and smirks at me. "I had her for dinner once. Best meal of my life.
Okisha Jackson| Our reactions to trials, tests, and tribulations are products of the price we're willing to pay to stay delivered.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|Once a message has been sent electronically, the writer has ceded power not just to the recipient, but to whomever the recipient chooses to forward the information. To access electronic communication is to control it. The recipient, not the writer, has power over future dissemination of the writer’s words.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|...we are concluding falsely that we can deduce the justification, the rational admissibility of displeasure, from the fact that it exists; and from this false deduction Schopenhauer arrives at his fantastic conclusion of so-called intelligible freedom. But displeasure after the deed need not be rational at all: in fact, it certainly is not rational, for it rests on the erroneous assumption that the deed did not have to follow necessarily. Thus, because he thinks he is free (but not because he is free), man feels remorse and the pangs of conscience.Furthermore, this displeasure is a habit that can be given up; many men do not feel it at all, even after the same actions that cause many other men to feel it. Tied to the development of custom and culture, it is a very changeable thing, and present perhaps only within a relatively short period of world history.No one is responsible for his deeds, no one for his nature; to judge is to be unjust. This is also true when the individual judges himself. The tenet is as bright as sunlight, and yet everyone prefers to walk back into the shadow and untruth - for fear of the consequences.
Kyle Beachy, The Slide|I threw back my head, my hair falling about me like a great red curtain, and cried out.  My eyes felt hot and burned with tears as my body trembled with the passion for blood. 
Heather Graham, Home in Time for Christmas|There are angels on the tree?”“Ah, because we all pray there are really angels watching over us, don’t we?
Alin Sav|We can hear God better, when we shut up faster.
Benjamin Spock|No more war! Never again war! If you wish to be brothers, drop your weapons.
Jalaluddin Rumi|How will you know the difficulties of being human, if you are always flying off to blue perfection? Where will you plant your grief seeds? Workers need ground to scrape and hoe, not the sky of unspecified desire.
Anton Chekhov|These people have learned not from books, but in the fields, in the wood, on the river bank. Their teachers have been the birds themselves, when they sang to them, the sun when it left a glow of crimson behind it at setting, the very trees, and wild herbs.
Katherine McIntyre, Stolen Petals|... the kiss, the bodily surrender which would seem natural and but moderately attractive...
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|When the evening comes, prepare yourself for the morrow ~Donald Pillai
John de Ruiter, The Intelligence of Love: Manifesting Your Being in This World|With Nectar in your Mind instead of Thinking, you have Understanding and Wisdom
Lindsey Stirling, The Only Pirate at the Party|In this life, no matter what you do-you will never be able to satisfy everyone. So stay true to yourself and do you. Trying to please others, you will only end up angry and dissatisfied with life.
Arthur Machen, The Autobiography Of Arthur Machen|Happiness, said De Quincey, on his discovery of the paradise that he thought he had found in opium, could be sent down by the mail-coach; more truly I could announce my discovery that delight could be contained in small octavos and small type, in a bookshelf three feet long.
Dana Johnson|Maybe not today, Maybe not tomorrow. But somewhere down the line, there has to be a light.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May power of the Holy Spirit, renew your thoughts and attitudes.
Heidi Baker, Learning to Love: Passion, Compassion and the Essence of the Gospel|I believe that Jesus would have given His life for just one person. Jesus emptied Himself, He humbled Himself and He so yielded Himself to His Father's love that He had no ambition of His own. He was not looking to build an empire, He did not want praise or adulation or to impress people with who or how many followed Him. He stopped over and over again for just one person, for just one life.
Eartha Kitt|To put down an ideogram of a table so that people will recognize it as a table is not the work of a painter, but to sense it for a moment as a magic carpet with a leg hanging down at each corner is the beginning of a painter's imagination.
Pearl Zhu, CIO Master: Unleash the Digital Potential of It|A strategy is a combination of an origin, a destination, and a route to get from origin to destination.
Euripides|Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Go wide, explore and learn new things. Something will surely have a kick for you
Mary Hubbert Jones|Join us B+ people! Life is not neat and tidy, but we always manage to get the job done!
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The False Prince|The experience of history should lead us to hope and strive to make the world better, not to despair and resign ourselves to fate.
Beth Hoffman, Looking for Me|But even so, I wondered--how well do we really ever know someone?
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|praise Him in whatever stormsHe is the one who gives and who takes back. That's why you are what you are by His amazing grace. The storms of your life are just there to strengthen you and to give you more insights of what He wants to teach you. Never give up beloved one, The Lord Jesus-Christ is ever present for you. Victorious people never give up, remember He never gave up on you, He went till Calvary for your sake and He was proud to die for you and I. That's why you should really give yourself away to Him who loves you to the deepest of your soul! Shalom God bless you.
April White, Waging War|One decision make differences, so make one.
Kelly Jamieson, Power Shift|You’re practically begging for it, aren’t you?” he murmured.“No.”His chuckle rasped over her senses. “I like begging, Reagan.”“I’m not going to beg.”He was silent for a moment, his fingers still playing, and she wondered if she’d said the wrong thing. Then he said softly, “Damn.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|I’ve always found wildlife very calming-- except when animals are eating each other, of course.
R.W. Rivers|Well, don't stand about like that, man; if you're no use you're certainly no ornament. Bring that in and tell me what it says.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The sub-conscious mind is so powerful in such a way that even if you empty your mind of all its components, there will be a little thought; it is synonymous to a well informed person who can never be deformed.
Richie Norton|If you want an incredibly passionate, happy, ALIVE business…don’t overcomplicate things. Once all is said and done, the foundational elements of a successful business are very simple: respect, service, value and sales. Comparatively, everything else is froth.
Chris Adrian, The Great Night|If I showed you what was in my heart," she said, "it would burn you to a cinder."I've tried to burn you similarly," it said, "but you never even noticed when I opened my chest.
Ben Abix|Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting Golden Delicious.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Truth is like a double edged sword.Truth, as in the colors of the rainbow, are truths, not to be confused with THE TRUTH, which is like LIGHT, all colors and no single color.The Truth is like a tree, with all its fruit, while truths are like the fruit on the tree, part of the whole; parts of The Truth, half-truths.Truth can be true, yet it can also lie.So the question is does truth lead to THE TRUTH, or do truths lead us to a lie ? To see the difference is the key to the gates of Eden.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|You cruel, hard-hearted gods!” I flung the goblet in his direction. Hermes barely had time to dart out of its way before it hit the wall and shattered to small pieces. “You’re all the same! Hsst! Jealous! Vindictive! That’s what you are! You allow yourselves to take pleasure with any mortal you wish. Let a goddess do the same. Let a goddess choose a mortal for her lover, and you set off in a fury of revenge against her as if her actions are an affront to you. And all the while, you male gods allow yourselves all kinds of liberties you deny to us females.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|The power we were given to think, is to enable us to live better lives, not fool more people.
Maryrose Wood, The Poison Diaries|When you're crying, your tears may be watering the seeds of your come-back.
Edward Claflin|It is the illusion of magic and the magic of illusion that we are primarily interested in- not the privy tricks or the key to the secrets themselves. We seek the bafflement, the contradictions, the amusements, and the innumerable emotions that ripple uneasily through the audience. It is not knowledge we are after, but mystery and disguises. We want to gaze at the impossible. We are hungry for surprises, astonishment. In short, we are looking for a true story, but one impossible to explain in all its complexity. When we discover that story, we shall have found- magic.
Wayne Dougan|When there is no owner, there will be an abuser.
Michael Poeltl, Revelation|Life is a gift, and should be cherished, lived and experienced. Though experience often reveals itself as pain in this world, it is still purposeful, it still has its place in the evolution of our spirit.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|But there she was, standing next to his mother, so beautiful, so radiant that he could not see anyone else. Suddenly the rest of the world seemed like such a chore. He didn’t want to be here at this dance, with people he didn’t want to talk to and messages he didn’t particularly wish to deliver. He didn’t want to dance with young ladies he didn’t know, and he didn’t want to make polite conversation with people he did. He just wanted Billie, and he wanted her all to himself. He forgot about Tallywhite. He forgot about pease, porridge, and pudding, and he stalked across the room with such single-minded purpose that the crowds seemed to melt from his path. And somehow, amazingly, the rest of the world had not yet noticed her. She was so beautiful, so uncommonly alive and real in this room full of waxen dolls. She would not go undiscovered for long. But not yet. Soon he would have to fight the throngs of eager young gentlemen, but for now, she was still his alone.
Emily Dickinson|Growing up around Amish farmland, I enjoyed the opportunity to witness firsthand their love of family, of the domestic arts - sewing, quilting, cooking, baking - as well as seeing them live out their tradition of faith in such a unique way.
Mark Simpson, Metrosexy|At the dawn of the second decade of the Twenty First Century, masculinity has been rendered so self-conscious in our mediated, mirrored world that even ‘regular guys’ are apparently just a fashion fad – this season’s accessory.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to hide a star behind a dark veil, it will still shine through it.
Amanda Donohoe|I'm not surfing much anymore, but I love hiking and gardening, and I'm always wearing a hat and sunblock.
Charles Wheelan, Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science|When I applied to graduate school many years ago, I wrote an essay expressing my puzzlement at how a country that could put a man on the moon could still have people sleeping on the streets. Part of that problem is political will; we could take a lot of people off the streets tomorrow if we made it a national priority. But I have also come to realize that NASA had it easy. Rockets conform to the unchanging laws of physics. We know where the moon will be at a given time; we know precisely how fast a spacecraft will enter or exist the earth's orbit. If we get the equations right, the rocket will land where it is supposed to--always. Human beings are more complex than that. A recovering drug addict does not behave as predictably as a rocket in orbit. We don't have a formula for persuading a sixteen-year-old not to drop out of school. But we do have a powerful tool: We know that people seek to make themselves better off, however they may define that. Our best hope for improving the human condition is to understand why we act the way we do and then plan accordingly. Programs, organizations, and systems work better when they get the incentives right. It is like rowing downstream.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|Stories not only give us a much needed practice on figuring out what makes people tick, they give us insight into how we tick.
Dōgen, Moon In a Dewdrop: Writings of Zen Master Dogen|He felt a happiness stirring deep inside him, shining a light into recesses of his soul that had long been devoured by darkness.
Iris Murdoch, The Bell|Desert heat or not, the idea that my younger self was facing her last moments was a bucket of cold water in the face. I didn’t like her, but she appeared to have her shit together in a way I hadn’t for a long time, and she had, frankly, deserved better than me. I tried to wet my lips, had nothing to do it with and croaked, “Sorry.” “Don’t be sorry. Be good. Be right. Be a hero.
akshay Me|Let us hope that the advent of a successful flying machine, now only dimly foreseen and nevertheless thought to be possible, will bring nothing but good into the world; that it shall abridge distance, make all parts of the globe accessible, bring men into closer relation with each other, advance civilization, and hasten the promised era in which there shall be nothing but peace and goodwill among all men.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|How do you know when to advance the conversation or when there's something still unresolved? When you are situationally aware, you watch the body language and notice the cues that are given to you. Listening and observing are being mindful in the best sense of the word.
Richey Edwards|I wanted to tell her that if only something were wrong with my body it would be fine, I would rather have anything wrong with my body than something wrong with my head, but the idea seemed so involved and wearisome that I didn’t say anything. I only burrowed down further in the bed.
Dean Cavanagh|To safeguard democracy the people must have a keen sense of independence, self-respect and their oneness, and should insist upon choosing as their representatives only such persons as are good and true.
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|You do trust him, though, Giddon?""Holt, who is stealing your sculptures and is of questionable mental health?""Yes.""I trusted him five minutes ago. Now I'm at a bit of a loss.""Your opinion five minutes ago is good enough for me.
Timothy Egan|Most of the writers I know work every day, in obscurity and close to poverty, trying to say one thing well and true. Day in, day out, they labor to find their voice, to learn their trade, to understand nuance and pace. And then, facing a sea of rejections, they hear about something like Barbara Bush’s dog getting a book deal.
Ronnie James Dio|Who cries for the children, I do!
Unknown|If we cannot be defending our borders in person, we be a person the forces are proud to protect.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Alice Walker|Expect nothing. Live frugallyOn surprise.become a strangerTo need of pityOr, if compassion be freelyGiven outTake only enoughStop short of urge to pleadThen purge away the need.Wish for nothing largerThan your own small heartOr greater than a star;Tame wild disappointmentWith caress unmoved and coldMake of it a parkaFor your soul.Discover the reason whySo tiny human midgetExists at allSo scared unwiseBut expect nothing. Live frugallyOn surprise.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Isabel's infamous tweets ranged from the cartoonish and impossible:Im going to pull ur tongue out of ur mouth wrap it around ur neck n strangle u w it so hard ur eyes will pop out. i will pee in the sockets.To the quaint:Get ur fcking hands off him bitch i will cut u. #RupertLIsMineTo the cryptically disturbing:I watch u in your sleep.I would never condone Isabel's scary tweets, but you had to give the girl credit for managing to stay under 140 characters every time.
Jody Hedlund, Love Unexpected|You're following the Lord wholeheartedly, yet you're missing out on the forgiveness part. God's not just in the business of saving us from our sins. He's also in the business of forgiving those sins and putting them as far as the east is from the west.
Matthew Goodman|Finding the stewardess, Bly asked her about the monkey. The stewardess replied drily, "We have met." Bly was now alarmed to see that the stewardess's arm was bandaged from wrist to shoulder."What did you do?" she asked. "I did nothing but scream," the stewardess replied; "the monkey did the rest.
Giles Deleuze, Felix Guattari|Those who live only in the universal temporality can make their voices heard by the world. Those who simultaneously live in the universal and particular temporalities may hear voices from the other side, but they cannot make their own voices heard.
M. Basilea Schlink|With the word "Repent" He was beckoning to us as the Savior, offering us His love and salvation. But behind this word we can also see the grief of God that His children have turned away from Him.
John Buford|Send out a cheerful, positive greeting, and most of the time you will get back a cheerful, positive greeting. It's also true that if you send out a negative greeting, you will, in most cases, get back a negative greeting.
Harry Harrison, Make Room! Make Room!|Yes, I was scared of the Daleks and the Zarbi and the rest, but I was taking other, stranger, more important lessons away from my Saturday tea time serial. For a start, I became infected by the idea that there are an infinite number of worlds only a foot step away. And another part of the meme was this- some things are bigger on the inside than they are on the outside. And perhaps some people are bigger on the inside than they are on the outside as well. And that was only the start of it.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Notice how each particle moves.Notice how everyone has just arrived here from a journey.Notice how each wants a different food.Notice how the stars vanish as the sun comes up, and how all streams stream toward the ocean.Look at the chefs preparing special plates for everyone, according to what they need.Look at this cup that can hold the ocean.Look at those who see the face.Look through Shams’ eyes into the Water that is entirely jewels.
Daniel Wallace, The Kings and Queens of Roam|He believed in himself, believed in his quixotic ambition, letting the failures of the previous day disappear as each new day dawned. Yesterday was not today. The past did not predict the future if he could learn from his mistakes.
Shannon L. Alder|If you could do one thing to improve yourself today, it would be this: Rid yourself of bias. If you can do this, you can learn to listen. If you learn to listen, then you can learn to communicate. If you can communicate, then you can begin to verbalize your feelings. When you verbalize your feelings, then you can release stress and frustrations. When you free yourself of what bothers you, then you can fully give yourself to others. When you come this far, then you have learned to grow spiritually.
Brad Goreski|We believe it is bad or dangerous to be carried away by our emotions. We admire the person who is cool, who acts without feeling.
Michael Delaware, Blue and the Magical Forest: The Power of Hopes and Dreams|What do you have in mind? Rebuild the city?" Eric asks. "Or should we skip to the repopulating part?""Shut up," Jost commands. "You aren't funny.""Why? That's the nice part of getting stuck on a completely forsaken piece of dirt.""You better hope that you find someone to help you do it then, because she's taken. I'm sure there's a nice dog around here somewhere. Maybe you should stick to your own species," Jost says.
Eddie Bernice Johnson|Of course, the plea for respect for nonhuman life goes far beyond the scientific delight of familiarity with our planet mates. The nonhuman forms of life with which we 6,000 million talking, upright apes share this finite planet are directly or indirectly connected to our well-being.
Nalini Singh, Mine to Possess|We like what we like, we want what we want, and nobody needs to give us permission to feel that way!
Sorin Suciu, The Scriptlings|Religious people are not fun... So, Jesus shows up and kids run around Him, want to be with Him. You know why? He's fun... God's a Father who likes His kids to have fun, so when Jesus shows up, the religious people get jealous because Jesus gets invited to parties and the religious people don't.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|…I’m afraid of what the digital age will do to the world, to the things we think are important… it’s almost like people want to believe in some illusion that they’re robots and forget altogether that they’re real, living people… but everything these days is disposable, even people themselves, and that’s why I’m afraid for the world,” Mandy confessed, looking depressed and worried.“So am I… but I’ll still watch all of it as the world dooms itself, because I want to see how it ends, and whether or not they’ll be intelligent enough to forget all of this digital illusion afterwards,” Alecto explained. “I’m sure that they’ll be able to realize how wrong it all is… even though the idiots outnumber most people these days, there are still enough intelligent people to fight against it.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|Progress however slow is still progress, but be it for the better if sped up quicker.
CLAMP, Tsubasa: RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE, Vol. 06|Hey, bodyguard. You better get down to the gymnasium. This jumbo pixie guy is killing your sister." "Really?" said Butler, unconvinced. "Really. Juliet just does not seem to be herself. She can't put two moves together. It's pathetic, really. Everybody is betting against her." "I see," said Butler, straightening. Mulch held the door. "It's going to make things really interesting when you show up to help." Butler grinned. "I'm not coming to help. I just want to be there when she stops faking." "Ah," said Mulch, comprehension dawning on his face. "So I should switch my bet to Juliet?" "You certainly should" said Butler.
Joe Baca|At different times I taught humanities, social sciences and pre-vocational education.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Humans recognize the duality, autonomy, and latitude range of the mind and the body, and all humans comprehend their impending mortality. Unlike other animals, humankind knows despair brought about by understanding the inevitability of death of all living creatures. The radius of human thought touching upon the longitude of our transient existence causes infinite pain. Seeking to ameliorate existential anguish incites us to ponder spiritual matters, and this sphere of mental activity spurs us to contemplate the perimeter of unknown frontiers. Our ability to understand the compass of life and death allows us to view the circumference of the world as consisting of a past, a present, and a future in relation to our own lives. How a person views the range of their earthly life and how a person rationalizes their march towards a deathly outback creates a system of beliefs that separate people into classes, and the variations amongst class members’ belief systems supplements who we think we are.
Bayard Rustin|I am not saying that Hitler was a choir boy. But I am saying, let him who was innocent in the Second World War cast the first stone.
Kirk Cameron|A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Kevin Ngo, Let's Do This! 100 Powerful Messages to Help You Take Action|When you start to accept responsibility for the results you get in life, you also take back the power to change your future outcome.
Cheryl Strayed|All my life I have placed great store in civility and good manners, practices I find scarce among the often hard-edged, badly socialized scientists with whom I associate. Tone of voice means a great deal to me in the course of debate. I despise the arrogance and doting self-regard so frequently found among the very bright.
Edith Hamilton|I came to the Greeks early, and I found answers in them. Greece's great men let all their acts turn on the immortality of the soul. We don't really act as if we believed in the soul's immortality and that's why we are where we are today.
Robert  Black|According to my mother, I was a fiction writer before I'd written any ficton, by wich she meant not only that I invented things, or made things up, but that I prefered this kind of fantasising or pure imagining to what other people generally liked - she meant reality, of course.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|Women are so caring, kindhearted and soft creatures; I wonder how one could harm or hurt them for any reason.
Anaïs Nin, Mirages: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Nin|They clutch and cling and howl when I leave them, but how badly they love.
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|Ancient boundaries are meaningless, except for political purposes; old divisions of clan and tribe are sentimental remnants of the pre-atomic age; neither creed nor color nor place of origin is relevant to the realities of modern power to utterly seek and destroy.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|We were full of righteous anger and dreams of vengeance when we got here, and a couple of blowjobs and hangovers later it's like nothing ever happened
Peter Kreeft|This is a paradise of rising to the occasion that points out by contrast how the rest of the time most of us fall down from the heights of possibility, down into diminished selves and dismal societies. Many now do not even hope for a better society, but they recognize it when they encounter it, and that discovery shines out even through the namelessness of their experience. Others recognize it, grasp it, and make something of it, and long-term social and political transformations, both good and bad, arise from the wreckage. The door to this ear's potential paradises is in hell.
Sunday Adelaja|Life reality tells us that to grow physically, you first need to grow inwardly
Rozonda Thomas|The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.
Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend|There is satisfaction in defeating an enemy. But one must never allow oneself to become complacent. There are always more enemies to be identified, faced, and vanquished.All warriors understand the need to face and defeat the enemy. Both aspects of the task can be challenging. Both can require thought, insight, and planning. Failures in any of those areas can cost unnecessary time and irreplaceable lives.But a warrior may forget that even the task of identifying the enemy can be difficult. And the cost of that failure can lead to catastrophe.
Jesse Ball|It occurred to her that nobody really knew what anybody else was upset about, and that seemed like a terrible thing.
Aldous Huxley|If she looked further than the wedding, it was to see marriage as the beginning of individual existence, this skirmish from which one one's spurs, from which one set out on the true quests of life.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|The principle of God is every human created for the help of other human to survive the journey of life but the principle of God gonna wrong way, as now human are the main cause of destruction of other human.
Caitlin Moran|And yet, despite the multiplicity of times we've done it, it is still a funny, exultant, true thing - where for a short time you turn into something else and fly; where you stop fretting and wanting, and are simply alight with joy - and all while never venturing beyond the walls of your room. And I would put our continued success down to one simple thing. At the end of every tumbling session, one of us will turn to the other and say, "Thank you very much. That was very pleasant. Very pleasant indeed. My dear, I am much obliged to you."Because at the end of the day, that is the hottest sex tip of all: gratitude. That you've found someone who wants to do that thing, with you, and no government has yet found a way to charge you VAT on it. You can set fire to the sky, and not be charged a penny.Sometimes, it's great being a human.
Epictetus|. . . it is presumptuous in me to wish to choose my path, because I cannot tell which path is best for me. I must leave it to the Lord, Who knows me, to lead me by the path which is best for me, so that in all things His will may be done.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Too much good fortune can make you smug and unaware. Happiness should be like an oasis, the greener for the desert that surrounds it.
Queen Latifah|When you finally understand who you are, ages 6 through 60 will understand who you are. Because when they see a person that's come through all that I've come through, still standing, it's amazing.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|An active life serves the purpose of giving man the opportunity to realize values in creative work, while a passive life of enjoyment affords him the opportunity to obtain fulfillment in experiencing beauty, art, or nature. But there is also purpose in that life which is almost barren of both creation and enjoyment and which admits of but one possibility of high moral behavior: namely, in man's attitude to his existence, an existence restricted by external forces. A creative life and a life of enjoyment are banned to him. But not only creativeness and enjoyment are meaningful. If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering. Suffering is an ineradicable part of life, even as fate and death. Without suffering and death human life cannot be complete.
Jet Li|People connect with me just as a cool, around-the-way type of guy.
Charlie Trotter|One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
Amber M. Kestner, Jana & Angel Volume 1|What big eyes you have. Eyes of an incomparable luminosity, the numinous phosphorescence of the eyes of lycanthropes. The gelid green of your eyes fixes my reflective face; It is a preservative, like a green liquid amber; it catches me. I am afraid I will be trapped in it for ever like the poor little ants and flies that stuck their feet in resin before the sea covered the Baltic. He winds me into the circle of his eye on a reel of birdsong. There is a black hole in the middle of both your eyes; it is their still centre, looking there makes me giddy, as if I might fall into it.
Mystery, The Mystery Method: How to Get Beautiful Women Into Bed|Women take a much larger risk, evolutionarily speaking, when they have sex. Sex is also a much larger investment for women than it is for men. For this reason, women have emotional circuitry designed to take this into account. For example, women tend to experience much more anxiety just prior to sex with a new lover.
Matt Marlin|Those who believe they know it all should not fret when they ultimately realize they do not, for when there is nothing left to learn what challenges remain.
Richard Kadrey, Butcher Bird|Besides, do you think you would have come if I’d just popped into your tattoo shop one night around closing andsaid, ‘Hello, I’m the Prince of Darkness. Think you could help me outwith a little war next Tuesday, say, sixish?
Atom Tate|Now if we only knew what it means to know, we would be conscious.
James Brady, Why Marines Fight|When the symphony of life fills your heart, the chorus of contentment joins in.
Kate Meader, Even the Score|We told Mom about the Anne Frank House, leaving out the kissing."Did you go back to chez Van Houten afterward?" Mom asked.Augustus didn't even give me time to blush."Nah, we just hung out at a café. Hazel amused me with some Venn diagram humor."He glanced at me. God, he was sexy.
Lesley Lokko, Little White Lies|When we allow ourselves to experience unconditional love in our lives, what we are able to know, see, feel, hear, and access is actually unlimited, unbounded by time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The art of chess is in knowing which is the most valuable piece in play, then having the courage to sacrifice it for the win.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|I think you better hurry along with that French toast making, Stud. You know—before my fetus eats your face.”“It would be equally as delicious.
Frank Wanderer|The Wanderer in every moment spent awake faces two alternatives: a choice is to be made between the ambitions stretching between past and future, or the quiet, simplicity, purity and emptiness, full of vibrating life, of the present. It is, however, only the latter that brings to the life of the Wanderer the Witnessing Presence!
Glenn Danzig|People tend to cherish and take care of the things they pay for and therefore own, countries included. The opposite is also true. When was the last time you changed the oil in a rental car?
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: What the Internet is Hiding From You|...he found it where he should have looked first, on the Internet, which is a net indeed, one that can be cast further than the eye can see and be retrieved no matter how heavy the hall, its magical mesh never breaking under the strain but always bringing in the most amazing catch.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|How much violence, Marshal, do you think a man can carry before it breaks him?
Michael Cunningham|Julian is bluff and sturdy, royal; he possesses a gracefully muscular, equine beauty so natural it suggests that beauty itself is a fundamental human condition and not a mutation in the general design. 
Robert Fripp|I've been writing Indian music for a while. Indian music is about Mother Earth, and mine is no exception.
Red Tash, Troll Or Park|If Liana wanted to fight over Harlow, she was going to lose. Not that I liked him that way. That was to say, I wasn't sure how I felt about Harlow, but it damned sure wasn't up to her to tell me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Be sure to wear greenon March seventeen,or else Irish leprechauns pinch your bones clean!
Anna Quindlen|If your success is not on your own terms, if it looks good to the world but does not feel good in your heart, it is not success at all.
Aaron Swartz|I was speaking without thinking about it first, not hesitating, just saying what I felt first.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Somehow, it bothered her watching Garth’s charm directed so effectively at another. Could he convince her so easily of an untruth?
Gayle Ramage|First of all, you're dead. Secondly, I cut off your head. Thirdly... yes, I know that rhymed, you really don't have to tell me.
Pooja Ruprell|A clear prayer for which you take sole responsibility has no option but to manifest, if not today or tomorrow, then the day after that.
Harold Prince|When I was a little boy, Marvin Hagler was my idol. He got no respect for most of his career. His fighting style was straight ahead. He took every shot thrown at him, and he kept punching back 'til he won. I honestly feel that's how I am. I take big shots from people. But I keep going.
Akshay Vasu|Every time I hold your hand in the night and look at that star, I remember the fact that it is millions of light years away from us, we are looking at its past and it doesn't exist anymore and I always end up feeling, what if we both are made up of the dust of the same star we are staring at.
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|The difference between the "natural" individuation process, which runs its course unconsciously, and the one which is consciously realized, is tremendous. In the first case consciousness nowhere intervenes; the end remains as dark as the beginning. In the second case so much darkness comes to light that the personality is permeated with light, and consciousness necessarily gains in scope and insight. The encounter between conscious and unconscious has to ensure that the light which shines in the darkness is not only comprehended by the darkness, but comprehends it. The filius solis et lunae (the son of the Sun and Moon) is the possible result as well as the symbol of this union of opposites. It is the alpha and omega of the process, the mediator and intermedius. "It has a thousand names," say the alchemists, meaning that the source from which the individuation process rises and the goal toward which it aims is nameless, ineffable.
Bjorn Lomborg|You think about some of the most memorable meals you've ever had; the food will be good but it will often be about locating a mental memory and taste is inexorably linked to all the other senses and memory, so ultimately it is all about taste.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|...while the stony bones of the world tore past and the air grew dark and howling. The last thing he saw as the gulley became a torrent of dust and rock was the Jeep, plucked backwards into space.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|I possess so much, but my love for her absorbs it all. I possess so much, but without her I have nothing.
Mark Twain, Roughing It|Secular humanists of every type may ridicule the Bible, but they cannot escape it; and in their obsession with change, calls for reform, doomsday warnings, and utopian visions, they continue to steal from it.
Albert Finney|I was commissioned to write some romantic fiction, and I really liked doing those, and they were very instructive in terms of building characters and plots. But it never felt right for me.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|We are not sure whether the world ever physically comes to extinction. It may or it may not. But, the moment a person dies everything comes to extinction for him. His world is devastated….I believe that one should fully live the life before it comes to extinction.
Ayn Rand|Fear walks through the City, fear without name, without shape. All men feel it and none dare to speak.
Preston Sprinkle, Fight: A Christian Case for Non-Violence|When the Bible is understood in its literary and historical context; errors, contradictions, and inconsistencies pose no threat to spirituality, whether that spirituality is theistic, non-theistic, or even explicitly Jesus-centered. The graver threat to what Christians call godliness may be fundamentalism - religion that flows from literalism and fear, religion based on anachronism and law. Fundamentalism teachers, in effect, that the tattered musings of our ancestors, those human words that so poorly represent the content of human thinking, somehow adequately describe God. Fundamentalism offers identity, security, and simplicity, but at a price: by binding believers to the moral imitations and cultural trappings of the Ancients, it precludes a deeper embrace of goodness, love, and truth - in other words, of Divinity.
Selena Gomez|What inspires you, what excites you when you wake up in the morning?
Mario Botta|When people are deprived of a sense, their other senses get heightened. If you're culturally devoid of something - of weather, of artistry, of interesting architecture, all the way down the line to culture itself - you're either forced to give in and get that car dealership, or you manufacture those things for yourself.
Anthony Bloom, Beginning to Pray|There is absolutely no need to run after time to catch it. It does not run away from us, it runs towards us. Whether you are intent on the next minute coming your way, or whether you are completely unaware of it, it will come your way. The future, whatever you do about it, will become thepresent, and so there is no need to try to jump out of the present into the future. We can simply wait for it to be there, and in that respect we can … be completely stable [still] and yet move in time, because it is time that moves. You know the situation when you are in a car or on a train and you sit back, if you are not driving, and you look out of the window; you can read, you can think you can relax, and yet the train moves, and at a certain moment, what was the future, whether it is the next station or the last station to which you are going, will be present.
Paul Gallico|You learn eventually that, while there are no villains, there are no heroes either. And until you make the final discovery that there are only human beings, who are therefore all the more fascinating, you are liable to miss something.
Terry Pratchett|If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She’s over the top rebellious,but damn her heart overflowing with insane love.She shakes thing up.Doesn’t play by rules and certainly fitsin nobody’s pretty perfect box.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Before he had lost his sight, the maester had loved books as much as Samwell Tarly did. He understood the way that you could sometimes fall right into them, as if each page was a hole into another world.
Sheryl Sandberg|Taking risks, choosing growth, challenging ourselves, and asking for promotions (with smiles on our faces, of course) are all important elements of managing a career. One of my favorite quotes comes from author Alice Walker, who observed, "The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any."Do not wait for power to be offered. Like that tiara, it might never materialize. And anyway, who wears a tiara on a jungle gym?
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|Life is both sad and solemn. We are led into a wonderful world, we meet one another here, greet each other - and wander together for a brief moment. Then we lose each other and disappear as suddenly and unreasonably as we arrived.
David Gessner, My Green Manifesto: Down the Charles River in Pursuit of a New Environmentalism|There's one thing you can say for air pollution, you get utterly amazing sunrises.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Get your dance on today...move some energy around...visualize everything as you want it to be...Fullness, Completeness...You!
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|When people hurt you over and over, think of them like sandpaper. They may scratch and hurt you a bit, but in the end you end up polished and they end up useless.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|To take hold of your mind, you must practice mindfulness of the mind. You must know how to observe and recognize the presence of every feeling and thought which arises in you.
Jatin Dadhich|All events which are happening around us depend on us. Depends on our feelings, our thinking, our views…. So let begin to do which you want to do. Your victory, your beauty, your peace, your happiness and freshness - everything is your; so why are waiting for changes to anywhere else? Change your mood and start collecting your wishes.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|I already have insurance, a religion, and a newspaper subscription... I'm also... not interested in... aggressive sales of cats...
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Each day gives the opportunity for you to be treated right, to feel worthy, and to be successful. It’s a choice you have to make, a faith you have to embrace, and a standard you have to set.
Tim Cummings, ORPHANS|It’s easier for me to make sense of it that way than it is for me to face the other way—reality. And yet, those evil spirits that were unleashed—be they fake entities from a stupid carnival ride, or cruel malevolencies from dark spiritual chasms of our universe—have stayed with me all these years
Sunday Adelaja|Because survival and love are the immortal truths of humankind, no generation is a total stranger to the forerunner generations of humankind.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening
John Legend|I never camped as a kid, but I really got into camping and sleeping outdoors. I've also done some amazing river floats in New Mexico and Idaho. It's peaceful and awesome.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong?|We’re starting to behave as if we’ve reached the end of human knowledge. And while that notion is undoubtedly false, the sensation of certitude it generates is paralyzing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God you are so good, you give what we need.
Azza Nazh|Other's success is not your failure, but your success can be other's failure.
Craig Childs, The Animal Dialogues: Uncommon Encounters in the Wild|Most animals show themselves sparingly. The grizzly bear is six to eight hundred pounds of smugness. It has no need to hide. If it were a person, it would laugh loudly in quiet restaurants, boastfully wear the wrong clothes for special occasions, and probably play hockey.
Edouard Manet|I'm the most gregarious of men and love good company, but never less alone when alone.
Stan The Man SA|i have learnt to live to please myself first instead of other people, when I lived to please others, I lay late in bed with my eyes open in the dark wondering who I was, now I know myself
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|In my whole life, I have known no wise people (over a broad subject matter area) who didn't read all the time -- none, zero. You'd be amazed at how much Warren reads--and at how much I read. My children laugh at me. They think I'm a book with a couple of legs sticking out.
Kent Nerburn|Being a father has been, without a doubt, my greatest source of achievement, pride and inspiration. Fatherhood has taught me about unconditional love, reinforced the importance of giving back and taught me how to be a better person.
Deyth Banger|It felt oily inside her head. There were strings of Xavier Stancliff caught inside of her, holding on and spiderwebbing out as he plotted and waited and thought: this is all the bitch deserves. Swallowing, Sandra pushed herself off the bed. It was late and the room was dark. She could see the bundled lump of Jack beneath his own covers. He’d left the television on and the light flickered down the tiny hall. Shadows danced and Sandra shivered as she left the room.In another life, she would have told Danny and Jack about the man. Danny would have whispered, “It’s alright,” and smoothed back her hair from her face and kissed her, lips dry and coarse on her forehead. Then he and Jack would’ve left while she was sleeping. They would’ve trampled the flowers and climbed into Xavier Stanliff’s window and when Sandra woke up there would have been one less man in the world.
Hannah Arendt|The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire; first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power.
|No matter your race, level of education, gender, age, religion, cultural beliefs, physical appearance, social status, financial status and more, always remember that you are as important as everyone else.
Tehya Sky, A Ceremony Called Life: When Your Morning Coffee Is as Sacred as Holy Water|To be sure, just because the darkness and the light are equally sacred does not mean we benefit by becoming complacent about the darkness we may meet in ourselves. Ultimately, if we are to cleanse the mirror of perception and purify ourselves, then we must bring light into the darkness. That’s always been the path of consciousness and the movement of illumination. This coexistence of darkness and light indeed creates a dance in which the clarity of light is invited to lead, but it does not create a hierarchy.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Thursday, the-night-of-the-date, comes and goes, leaving a school bus tire track across Desi's heart, fear abrading her mind until she can think of nothing except what the future will be like if something develops between her dad and Libby.
Ramona Ausubel, A Guide to Being Born: Stories|He let himself into the house and sat down with his back against the door, where the tiles were cool on his legs and he tried to hear, as he had earlier imagined, every single thing that his wife was not doing in their home on this Sunday night. He could hardly keep track of it all, she was so busy being absent. She was not pouring water into a glass or a pitcher. She was not kicking his shoes out of the hall. She was not switching the laundry into the dryer. She was not opening the screen door and going outside barefoot and calling for him to come look at the sunset. She was not putting lotion on her elbows or flattening the newspaper or picking up the ringing telephone, which would go on calling out the absence of Petra in nine-ring sequences dozens of times every day.
Sunday Adelaja|Too many people die in our world today because, they don’t eat well, rest well, play well and live well.
Norman Lock, American Meteor|Without knowledge of self there is no knowledge of God. Nearly all the wisdom we possess, that is to say, true sound wisdom consists of two parts: the knowledge of God and of ourselves.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I’m not better, you know. The weight hasn’t left my head. I feel how easily I could fall back into it, lie down and not eat, waste my time and curse wasting my time, look at my homework and freak out and go and chill at Aaron’s, look at Nia and be jealous again, take the subway home and hope that it has an accident, go and get my bike and head to the Brooklyn Bridge. All of that is still there. The only thing is, it’s not an option now. It’s just… a possibility, like it’s a possibility that I could turn to dust in the next instant and be disseminated throughout the universe as an omniscient consciousness. It’s not a very likely possibility.
Nilofer Merchant, The Power of Onlyness: Make Your Wild Ideas Mighty Enough to Dent the World|I believe that at the very root of our humanity is a passion to create value with heart, to work alongside others who care, and to make a difference.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What you say about your situation matters a lot in life than what you do to it. It helps when you know what to say. When things are not going the way they are supposed to go, God does not keep quiet, He always say something. Do the same, change your situation with the words of your mouth.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|Yet it isn't the gold that I'm wantingSo much as just finding the gold.It's the great, big, broad land 'way up yonder,It's the forests where silence has lease;It's the beauty that thrills me with wonder,It's the stillness that fills me with peace.
Sami Abouzid|They want you to do things their way, they want you to follow their course and join their game and if you will ever fail you will be the only one to blame. Ridiculous
Ori Gersht|I have retired, but if there's anything that would kill me it is to wake up in the morning not knowing what to do.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|We the humans are too tiny to know something so grand as an Eternal Driving Force behind the Universe. Ultimately what would really matter in the development of our species as a whole is, we the humans serving humanity.
Nick Hornby|I didn’t treat my girl like she was mineYeah, I thought I didn’t need her at the timeBut I changed my way of thinkin’ when she leftYeah, I finally learned my lesson, but I learned it by myself
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|We were fortunate his brief psychic vision distracted him from what his fingertips could have told him about my face.Of course we were aware that temporary clairvoyance was a lame and unlikely explanation. The ordering of this world, however is so abstruce, so deep and complex, most explanations that people to make sense of moments of strange experience are inadequate. Our very existence as thinking creatures is an astonishment that cant be solved. Every human cell, with its thousands of protein chains, is more complex than a 747 or the largest cruise ship, in fact more complex than the two combined. All life on earth, in its extravagant variety, offers itself for study, but though we probe to ever deeper layers of its structure, the meaning eludes us.There is no end of wonders and mysteries: fireflies and music boxes, the stars that outnumber all the grains of sand on all the beaches of the world.
Ali Harris, The First Last Kiss|Make every kiss a celebration, throw a party for every one.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|You must take the time to do something that brings you joy. If you are saying to yourself, “I can’t do that because I have to pick up the kids, and run my business, and … and … who’s got time for fun? Are you insane?” If you don’t have time for fun, you’ll be forced to take time for illness. Then what?
Evan Minton, A Hellacious Doctrine: A Defense Of The Biblical Doctrine Of Hell|Are you taking us to hell?" I ask, and Denise answers with an ominous, "More or less.
Tessa Dare, Beauty and the Blacksmith|You’re a grown woman, and a clever one. I believe you understand the situation. And I’m going to trust that you know your own mind.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|But I don't know when that day will arrive, and it would be too easy to forget to marvel at the beauty in this moment. In every moment.
D.A. Blankinship, The Scoloderus Conspiracy|There comes a time in everyone’s life—and I do mean in everyone’s life—when you ask yourself what it is that you’ve been doing with your life. Sometimes you even realize that whatever you’ve been doing all your life, you’ve been doing it wrong. Dead wrong… Son, you want that realization to hit you when you’re 70? Or 50? Or when you’re still young, with your whole life still ahead of you?
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|People who are not historians sometimes think of history as the facts about the past. Historians are supposed to know otherwise. The facts are there, to be sure, but they are infinite in number and speak, if at all, in conflicting, often unintelligible, voices. It is the task of the historian to reach back into this incoherent babel of facts, choose the ones that are important, and figure out what it is they say.
Josephine Angelini, Starcrossed|I only have so much willpower, Helen," he whispered. "And since you apparently sleep in the most ridiculously transparent tank top I've ever seen, I'm going to have to ask you to get under the covers before I do something stupid.
Osho, Tao: The Pathless Path|He loved me and didn't want me hurt. What was worse, he didn't even understand that I had the right to be hurt.
Yousuf Karsh|Some men storm imaginary Alps all their lives, and die in the foothills cursing difficulties which do not exist.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|And anyway, it’s not as though I’ll never see Mum again, is it?
Tamjid Ahmed|That was how I met her, in a bar in Saint-Germain-des-Prés, she was drinking and watching, and that was why I liked her, I thought she would be fun to have fun with.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you believe, you can achieve the set-goal.
Elle Fanning|Over time, naturally, you lose your innocence from gaining knowledge. You can't be innocent forever, but there's something in innocence you need to regain to be creative.
Eileen & Jerry Spinelli|Protests can sometimes, necessarily, simplify things.
Donna Lynn Hope|He studied the woman before him, not as lovely as she once was, ordinary in appearance, scarred by living, abandoned by many, breathtakingly to be near and altogether unforgettable. "I have no friends," she spoke forth hauntingly. "I am alone." He couldn't believe it. But then he could for the rare creature near enough to touch was out of their league. She wasn't envied for the shallowness of appearance or the superficiality of status or possessions; she was envied for being uncommon and for possessing indomitable strength, something only a lifetime of suffering could shape.
David Foster Wallace, The Pale King|In short, not only was it surprising to be greeted in person with such enthusiastic words, but it was doubly surprising when the person reciting these words displayed the same kind of disengagement as, say, the checkout clerk who utters the words 'Have a nice day' while her expression indicates that it's really a matter of total indifference to her whether you drop dead in the parking lot outside ten seconds from now.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|I scan the room. Catherine is writing quickly, her light brown hair falling over her face. She is left-handed, and because she writes in pencil her left arm is silver from wrist to elbow.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man.
Jodie Evans|I always wanted to be the underdog. For me, as a portrait photographer, it's the kiss of death to become well known. I did my best work when no one knew who I was. People weren't threatened by me because they didn't think I was a big deal.
Alice Pung, Her Father's Daughter|Listen: I don't have anything against autobiographies, so long as the writer has a penis that's twelve inches long when erect. So long as the writer is a woman who was once a whore and is moderately wealthy in her old age.
Boris Pasternak|The unforeseen is the most beautiful gift life can give us. That is what we must think of multiplying in our domain. That is what should have been talked about in this assembly, and no one has said a word about it ...Art is inconceivable without risk, without inner sacrifice; freedom and boldness of imagination can be won only in the process of work, and it is there the unforeseen I spoke of a moment ago must intervene, and there no directives can help.
Juan Enriquez, The Untied States of America: Polarization, Fracturing, and Our Future|As religion starts to mix with politics, we have a culture that allows us to fall behind what were previously third world nations, because we are now treating science the way we did sex in the 1950s, banning or burying evolution theories and research into promising lifesaving areas such as stem-cell research.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Marriage has now taken the form of divorce: a prolonged and impassioned negotiation as to how things shall be divided. (from "Feminism, the Body, and the Machine")
Andrea Goeglein|So much of personal development and growth comes down to the decisions you make when you hit a wall. Do you spend your time feeling bad for yourself, or do you invest your time in continuing to build toward your dreams?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Walk the talk and project confidence. If at first you don’t feel confident, fake it until you make it.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|But even in the much-publicized rebellion of the young against the materialism of the affluent society, the consumer mentality is too often still intact: the standards of behavior are still those of kind and quantity, the security sought is still the security of numbers, and the chief motive is still the consumer's anxiety that he is missing out on what is "in." In this state of total consumerism - which is to say a state of helpless dependence on things and services and ideas and motives that we have forgotten how to provide ourselves - all meaningful contact between ourselves and the earth is broken. We do not understand the earth in terms either of what it offers us or of what it requires of us, and I think it is the rule that people inevitably destroy what they do not understand.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|In lands I never saw, they say, Immortal Alps look down,Whose bonnets touch the firmament,Whose sandals touch the town, ―Meek at whose everlasting feetA myriad daisies play.Which, sir, are you, and which am I.Upon an August day?
