Gudjon Bergmann|Experifaith is distinctly different from storyfaith. It does not provide answers to life’s big questions. Rather, it proposes a path of discovery through practice, where a person can come to his or her own conclusions. As such, it has more in common with the modern scientific method than storyfaith does, and, when practiced properly, experifaith is mostly verifiable within a community of practitioners.
|Heaven can only help those whose frequent thoughts, decisions, and actions are constantly in the directions of their goals and dreams.
Brynn Myers, The Echoed Life of Jorja Graham|Over the years, numerous times, too many times to count, just as I was about to reach my breaking point, just when I thought I couldn't take another minute, another second, out of nowhere-at the grocery store, at the park, at restaurants-angel, Ethan's angels, would appear and safe us: strangers in stores would stop to talk to Ethan; neighbors took him for a walk...
Master Oogway|If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|Ready to hit the sack?"She choked on the last slide of her ice cream and cleared her throat, "With you?"... "You offering?""No! I'm not offering." She pushed to her feet and then with a softer tone added, "Are you asking?
Kieran Scott, He's So Not Worth It|There's something I have to say," I said seriously, looking her in the eye. She smiled. "Oookay." She was mocking me-mocking my tone-but I didn't care. "Okay. Here it is. I love you," I said. "And I never, ever wanted to hurt you. It's like, the number one thing I never want to do, but somehow, I keep doing it. And I'm sorry, I just...that's all I wanted to say all this time. All I was trying to do...with that thing with your dad, not telling you...was not to hurt you. And I'm sorry that I did. Alley stared at me. "And I'm sorry that I did it again. With the Chloe thing. Which was stupid. Like, really, really, stupid. And I-" "Can you just stop, for a second?" Ally said, holding up a hand. "What?" I said. "Can you say the first part again?" she asked, rolling her fingers around for a rewind. I racked my brain. "Um...I love you?" I said. "That's the part, Cuz I love you, too.
Paul  Allen, Idea Man|In a company where tech decisions were still ultracentralized, the repercussions of a distracted CEO had to be damaging.
Frederick Barthelme, Elroy Nights|Always regret the things you did do, never the things you didn't.
Mike Krzyzewski|I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.
Jack Dancer, Detour Paris|We’re like Pavlov’s dog with these mammary glands, and it’s only the threat of jail or some other unthinkable repercussion that keeps us tethered.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Ivanov: With a heavy head, with a slothful spirit, exhausted, overstretched, broken, without faith, without love, without a goal, I roam like a shadow among men and I don't know who I am, why I'm alive, what I want. And I now think that love is nonsense, that embraces are cloying, that there's no sense in work, that song and passionate speeches are vulgar and outmoded. And everywhere I take with me depression, chill boredom, dissatisfaction, revulsion from life... I am destroyed, irretrievably!
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|I’m a classic eccentric, living at the extremes of high mania and low mood. There’s no middle ground, only madness and sadness.
Rahul Bodkhe|If you need true friend 'a cup of tea can be' it gives you company, listen without complain and makes you fresh anytime,anywhere
Jorge Luis Borges, The Library of Babel|There are official searchers, inquisitors. I have seen them in the performance of their function: they always arrive extremely tired from their journeys; they speak of a broken stairway which almost killed them; they talk with the librarian of galleries and stairs; sometimes they pick up the nearest volume and leaf through it, looking for infamous words. Obviously, no one expects to discover anything.
Kenneth Grahame|Men become wise just as they become rich, more by what they save than by what they receive.
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|He had been very keen on Esperanto, which had seemed an absurd eccentricity at the time but now Ursula thought it might be a good thing to have a universal language, as Latin had once been. Oh, yes, Miss Woolf said, a common language was a wonderful idea, but utterly utopian. All good ideas were, she said sadly.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Our heart is actually already open, but it is our judgments about others and ourselves that keep it closed. When we stop judging others and ourselves, our heart begins to open. The way to healing is to learn to love and accept ourselves unconditionally. It means to embrace both our positive and negative sides with love. It means to love everything that we find inside ourselves. Healing happens when we bring everything that we find inside ourselves out into the light.
Justin Madson, Breathers|One of my pa...friends... isn't doing very well.""...Is your friend dying?""...Yes honey, he is.""That's sad.
William Godwin|The disposition of all power is to abuses, nor does it at all mend the matter that its possessors are a majority.
Juliette Binoche|I do remember a teacher telling me when I was about ten that I was really good at acting. I was so proud, even though I am sure he said that to all of us in the class.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|True prayer is a way of life, not just for use in cases of emergency. Make it a habit, and when the need arises you will be in practice.
Wylie Dufresne|Not to sound too much like Christopher Guest in 'Waiting for Guffman,' but on Thanksgiving you're putting on a show!
Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers|Perfect devices: doctors, ghosts and crows. We can do things other characters can't, like eat sorrow, un-birth secrets and have theatrical battles with language and God.
Petra Nemcova|For to be poised against fatality, to meet adverse conditions gracefully, is more than simple endurance; it is an act of aggression, a positive triumph.
Emily Cyr, The Lightning Legacy|Thank God I didn't have to see his smug face. Sometimes, I wished I had a pie that I could smash into it. Well, if by pie I meant anvil, then yes. I smiled at the visual. I really was sick.
Chris Campanioni, Tourist Trap|Write if you will: but write about the world as it is and as you think it ought to be and must be—if there is to be a world. Write about all the things that men have written about since the beginning of writing and talking—but write to a point. Work hard at it, care about it. Write about our people: tell their story. You have something glorious to draw on begging for attention. Don’t pass it up. Don’t pass it up. Use it. Good luck to you. The Nation needs your gifts. Lorraine Hansberry speech, “To Be Young, Gifted, and Black,” given to Readers Digest/United Negro College Fund creative writing contest winners, NYC, May 1, 1964.
Sarah Zettel, Dust Girl|There is, however, one way of speaking that I've tried to avoid. Rather than refer to someone as "a homosexual," I've taken care always to make "gay" or "homosexual" the adjective, and never the noun, in a longer phrase, such as "gay Christian" or "homosexual person." In this way, I hope to send a subtle linguistic signal that being gay isn't the most important thing about my or any other gay person's identity. I am a Christian before I am anything else. My homosexuality is a part of my makeup, a facet of my personality. One day, I believe, whether in this life or in the resurrection, it will fade away. But my identity as a Christian - someone incorporated into Christ's body by his Spirit - will remain.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|Nowadays he doesn't think of his wife, though he knows he can turn around and evoke every move of her, describe any aspect of her, the weigh of her wrist on his heart during the night.
Mohamed ElBaradei|I usually give a book 40 pages. If it doesn't grab me by then, adios. With young adult books, you can usually tell by Page 4 if it's worth the time. The author establishes the conflict early, sometimes in the first sentence. The themes of hope, family, friendship and overcoming hardship appeal to most everyone.
Robert Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy: What It Is, with All the Kinds, Causes, Symptoms, Prognostics, and Several Cures of It. in Three Partitions; With Their Several Sections, Members, and Subsections, Philosophically, Medically, Historically Opened and Cut Up|A true saying it is, ‘Desire hath no rest;‘ is infinite in itself, endless; and as one calls it, a perpetual rack, or horse-mill, according to Austin, still going round as in a ring.
Kathleen Dowling Singh, The Grace in Aging: Awaken as You Grow Older|The soul knows only to love. While the ego criticizes everything, including the ego itself ...
Krystal Wade, Charming|Thirty-two steps until Haley Tremaine entered hell. Thirty-two steps until she walked into the smell of alcohol and burned microwaveable meals, into a place where fear overwhelmed.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|In their quest to hit cloud Nine, our young men and women intheir prime are gradually finding themselves on ground Zero,emotionally battered, academically bankrupt and medicallyparalyzed.
Jenn Proske|Patriotism is love of country. But you can't love your country without loving your countrymen and countrywomen. We don't always have to agree, but we must empower each other, we must find the common ground, we must build bridges across our differences to pursue the common good.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|We all have our likes and our dislikes. But... when we're doing news - when we're doing the front-page news, not the back page, not the op-ed pages, but when we're doing the daily news, covering politics - it is our duty to be sure that we do not permit our prejudices to show. That is simply basic journalism.
Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba: Understanding Cuba's Present by Knowing Its Past|It’s a Small World After All….Nothing, other than perhaps our universe, started in a vacuum and neither did the discovery of the Americas, which of course included the island of Cuba. To find a starting point, a little background regarding the Iberian Peninsula is helpful, since that is where it all began. Why did Columbus want to sail for parts unknown? What was going through his mind when he turned his small fleet of three ships in a westerly direction and headed towards the edge of the world? Surely, he didn’t have a death wish, so what was it that he knew that the rest of the 15th century world didn’t?
Dejan Stojanovic|It is not possible to express the most precious insights, To see all that craves to be seen, To visit even the closest neighbors in the universe, To learn all that needs to be learned, To live without dying, And I am sad about it.But I livedAnd I am happy about that.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|God’s Word changes the way you think, feel, and live.
Marissa Clarke, Neighbors with Benefits|She had no doubt in her mind what he was going to do. And while her ever-elusive shred of common sense squealed, “no,” every thing else in her shouted, “Bring it on.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently.
Jorge Luis Borges|I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|She'll soon forget.""Caddy," said Saffron impatiently, "she is headmistress of the private school! She's probably never forgotten anything in her whole life!
Teresa Medeiros, After Midnight|I don’t want to marry you. I don’t want to want you,” he added fiercely, taking one measured step toward her, then another. “And I sure as hell don’t want to love you. But, God help me, I just can’t stop myself.” Closing the rest of the distance between them in a single stride, he snatched her up by the shoulders, his burning gaze searching her face as if to sear her features into his memory. “I don’t want to marry you because I love you too much to ask you to spend the rest of your life hiding in the shadows.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|people need me. I fillthem. if they can't see mefor awhile the get desperate, they getsick.but if I see them too oftenI get sick. it's hard to feedwithout getting fed.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|When the poet Paul Valery once asked Albert Einstein if he kept a notebook to record his ideas, Einstein looked at him with mild but genuine surprise. "Oh, that's not necessary," he replied . "It's so seldom I have one.
Mizan Chaudhury|Be jealous of fellow men, but of those men who are pious - your fellow men who are honest, sincere and loyal with their friends, family and teachings of their Creator. See everyone as equal and wish no harm on anyone - who are we to judge each other when we are being judged by our Creator.
Vasily Grossman, An Armenian Sketchbook|If you are focused on God, then all “mountains” are under your feet.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Your pretty empire took so long to build, now, with a snap of history's fingers, down it goes.
Louise Glück|Tonight I saw myself in the dark window asthe image of my father, whose lifewas spent like this,thinking of death, to the exclusionof other sensual matters,so in the end that lifewas easy to give up, sinceit contained nothing: evenmy mother's voice couldn't make himchange or turn backas he believedthat once you can't love another human beingyou have no place in the world. 
Anuja Chandramouli, Yama’s Lieutenant and the Stone Witch|Not every story is about a girl who dreams of romance, waiting impatiently and dramatically for a tall, handsome, strong man to fall hopelessly in love with, in the foolish hope that he will protect her from all harm and give her the happily ever after she has always wanted.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|I have seen the greatest artists and the most eccentric divas in music. The greater and more visionary they were, the more self-reflexive and childlike they behaved.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Why shall we talk? To spread positive ambiance in the house, and to stimulate the hearty feelings, and to achieve a perceptible psychological connection between family members.
Boris Kovalík|I try so hard to move on but it seems that i always find my way back to you and i sure don't know why all you have done is just caused me pain.. sometimes i ask my self that if i had the chances to never meet you would i take ? i finally answered it and i wouldn't because yes, came out hurt but i also had some pretty good times.
Edward Conze, Buddhist Scriptures|One should therefore not rely on mere words, but everywhere search for the intention behind them. (121)
Nade Marshall|And I wanted to believe that there could be an us. That some way, somehow there would be an us somewhere in the future that I could not see.
Charles Bukowski, Short Stories of Charles Bukowski|The good times were over. Nobody gave a shit and nobody had any money and if they had any, they kept it.
J.K. Rowling|Depression is the most unpleasant thing I have ever experienced. . . . It is that absence of being able to envisage that you will ever be cheerful again. The absence of hope. That very deadened feeling, which is so very different from feeling sad. Sad hurts but it's a healthy feeling. It is a necessary thing to feel. Depression is very different.
Olga Ilyin|Science says: "We must live " and seeks the means of prolonging  increasing  facilitating and amplifying life  of making it tolerable and acceptable  wisdom says: "We must die " and seeks how to make us die well.
P.J. Fiala, Second Chances|He knew today that his life was forever changed in that one moment and he was clueless as to why or how it was. Never in his life had he ever felt that quick response to anyone. Breathless and unable to look away from her, like if he did she would disappear.
Colin Firth|The Grameen clinics prove that a medical system 'for the poor' can be almost entirely self-supporting, and we hope we can make it fully self sufficient so we can expand it across Bangladesh.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Every time you give your word, you’re putting your honor on the line.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|It’s so nice to see you again,” he said. He spoke as though it had been a while, and I nodded in agreement. As I’d assured Stanton, Adrian knew too much familiarity between us might create a trail back to Jill. “Did I just hear you two talking about building good relationships?”I was tongue-tied, so Ian answered. “That’s right. We’re here to make things friendlier between our people.” His voice, however, was most decidedly unfriendly.Adrian nodded with all seriousness, like he hadn’t noticed Ian’s hostility. “I think it’s a great idea. And I thought of something that would be an excellent gesture of our future together.” Adrian’s expression was innocent, but there was a mischievous sparkle in his eye that I “knew all too well. He held out his hand to me. “Would you like to dance?
Atala Dorothy Toy, We Are Not Alone: A Complete Guide to Interdimensional Cooperation|Quality speaks by itself. Rightly communicated it creates Joy. Like an Infant needs no words to express to her mother. Any success of communication enhances beauty of both, which too needs no words to endorse.
Gillian Flynn, Dark Places|There are few phrases that annoy me more than I won't bite. The only line that pisses me off faster is when some drunk, ham-faced dude in a bar sees me trying to get past him and barks: Smile,it can't be that bad! Yeah, actually, it can, jackwad.
Eileen Cook, What Would Emma Do?|Even those fortunate ones among us who get sex right don’t necessarily feel compelled to talk about it. For all they know, everybody else is having the same experience. Sex being a naturally private act, we don’t share experiences with others the way we would about an especially good steakhouse.
N. T. Wright|Most of the things that really matter require faith. 'How do I know that my wife loves me?' 'How do I know that Mozart's 'Jupiter Symphony' is sublime and beautiful?' There are all sorts of things which come at a more lowly level than that - 'How do I know that two plus two equals four?' There are different layers, different types of knowing.
Mike Alsford, Heroes and Villains|Some people ask me whether I'm a "mama's girl" or a "papa's girl". I'm *nobody's* girl. My brother clings to our parents; I'm the one shoving them out the door.
Dada Bhagwan|Everyone is born with the nimit (karmic evidentiary instruments). I too, am born with nimit. With this body, so and so number of tasks [work] will be done by him, such is the nimit!
Shunryu Suzuki|I hope that I am making myself understood. The Golden Temple once more appeared before me. Or rather, I should say that the breast was transformed into the Golden Temple.
Caldwell B. Esselstyn Jr.|It may not look it, but all the glass on Earth is flowing downwards under the relentless drag of gravity. Remove a pane of really old glass from the window of a European cathedral and it will be noticeably thicker at the bottom than at the top.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|When the form's in place, everything within it can be pure feeling.
Ellsworth Kelly|I had a dream that my dad passed away and that Jesus came into the room and he was basically knocking on my door, saying, 'Hey, you need to find out more about me.' So that Sunday morning I ended up going to church, and that's when I got saved.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is there any courage, without craziness?
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|The whole notion of disruption is adolescent: It assumes that after the teenagers make a mess, the adults will come and clean it up. But there are no adults. We own this mess.
Michael Swanwick, Chasing the Phoenix|All night, snow.Open the window,stretch my arms out.Keep my eyes openin the white, whipping wind.There are few cars on the highway.The river's frozen in places.In a city that never stops,I can hardly hear anything.For tonight, the city gives mewhat I need.
Alexander Schmemann, For the Life of the World: Sacraments and Orthodoxy|A marriage which does not constantly crucify its own selfishness and self-sufficiency, which does not ‘die to itself’ that it may point beyond itself, is not a Christian marriage. The real sin of marriage today is not adultery or lack of ‘adjustment’ or ‘mental cruelty.’ It is the idolization of the family itself, the refusal to understand marriage as directed toward the Kingdom of God. This is expressed in the sentiment that one would ‘do anything’ for his family, even steal. The family has here ceased to be for the glory of God; it has ceased to be a sacramental entrance into his presence. It is not the lack of respect for the family, it is the idolization of the family that breaks the modern family so easily, making divorce its almost natural shadow. It is the identification of marriage with happiness and the refusal to accept the cross in it. In a Christian marriage, in fact, three are married; and the united loyalty of the two toward the third, who is God, keeps the two in an active unity with each other as well as with God. Yet it is the presence of God which is the death of the marriage as something only ‘natural.’ It is the cross of Christ that brings the self-sufficiency of nature to its end. But ‘by the cross, joy entered the whole world.’ Its presence is thus the real joy of marriage. It is the joyful certitude that the marriage vow, in the perspective of the eternal Kingdom, is not taken ‘until death parts,’ but until death unites us completely.
George Eliot|When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity.
Sara  Humphreys, The Amoveo Legacy|Don't even think of arguing with me. I'm an old woman and if you fight me about it, it could give me a heart attack.
Jesse Lauriston Livermore|The reason for what a certain stock does today may not be known for two or three days, or weeks, or months. But what the dickens does that matter? Your business with the tape is now - not tomorrow! The reason can wait. But you must act instantly or be left.
Algernon Blackwood, The Man Whom the Trees Loved|A kiss is such an amazing thing -- So simple, so complex. The only human act that gives while it receives. Mouth to mouth, it almost seems the eating of one another. Maybe that’s all we are, food for each other. Why, I believe there’s a poem in there somewhere. Another kiss to inspire my muse, Desirée, and I’ll tell you something else you don’t know.
Andrea Gibson|I wrote too many poems in a language I did not yet know how to speakBut I know now it doesn't matter how well I say grace if I am sitting at a table where I am offering no bread to eatSo this is my wheat fieldyou can have every acre, Lovethis is my garden songthis is my fist fightwith that bitter frosttonight I begged another stage light to become that back alley street lamp that we danced beneaththe night your warm mouth fell on my timid cheekas i sang maybe i need youoff keybut in tunemaybe i need you the way that big moon needs that open seamaybe i didn't even know i was here til i saw you holding megive me one room to come home togive me the palm of your handevery strand of my hair is a kite stringand I have been blue in the face with your skycrying a flood over Iowa so you mother will wake to Venice Lover, I smashed my glass slipper to build a stained glass window for every wall inside my chestnow my heart is a pressed flower and a tattered bibleit is the one verse you can trustso I'm putting all of my words in the collection plateI am setting the table with bread and gracemy knees are bentlike the corner of a pageI am saving your place
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|And I would be the first to admit that probably, in a lot of press conferences over the time that I have been in coaching, indulging my own sense of humor at press conferences has not been greatly to my benefit.
T.J. Kirk|In an evil society a villain is the hero, because only the villain can speak the truth.
Jaycee Dugard, A Stolen Life|Genes, I have learned, do not make a family. Families are the people that stick around through good and bad times. Sadness is a part of life. Choosing to be happy and see the glass half full is a struggle we all must make.
Binyavanga Wainaina|Oh, my god. My non-committal boyfriend, who I was just fucking this morning, that I want to spend the rest of my life with, is your Mr. Wonderful. He’s your ‘nice,’ mystery man. Jesus.
Sarah Caudwell, The Sibyl in Her Grave|In order to deceive others, it is necessary also to deceive oneself. The actor playing Hamlet must indeed believe that he is the Prince of Denmark, though when he leaves the stage he will usually remember who he really is. On the other hand, when someone's entire life is based on pretense, they will seldom if ever return to reality. That is the secret of successful politicians, evangelists and confidence tricksters—they believe that they are telling the truth, even when they know that they have faked the evidence. Sincerity, my dear Julia, is a quality not to be trusted.
Patricia Richardson|The different Ministries have to work more on the promotion of the country, to build Kosovo's public image. Concrete projects must be assembled, in order to activate our businessmen to have more contacts. We have to create a positive image about ourselves.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing.
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|To just be--to be--amidst all doings, achievings, and becomings. This is the natural state of mind, or original, most fundamental state of being. This is unadulterated Buddha-nature. This is like finding our balance.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Don't get too lost in consumerism or materialism. As for ownership, the ultimate test of it is were you born with it and can you take it with you when you leave?
Navnath Godse|The winter drove them mad. It drove every man mad who had ever lived through it; there was only ever the question of degree. The sun disappeared, and you could not leave the tunnels, and everything and everyone you loved was ten thousand miles away. At best, a man suffered from strange lapses in judgment and perception, finding himself at the mirror about to comb his hair with a mechanical pencil, stepping into his undershirt, boiling up a pot of concentrated orange juice for tea. Most men felt a sudden blaze of recovery in their hearts at the first glimpse of a pale hem of sunlight on the horizon in mid-September. But there were stories, apocryphal, perhaps, but far from dubious, of men in past expeditions who sank so deeply into the drift of their own melancholy that they were lost forever. And few among the wives and families of the men who returned from a winter on the Ice would have said what they got back was identical to what they had sent down there.
Timothy Geithner|I have laid aside business, and gone a'fishing.
C.S. Woolley, The Kevin Metis Saga|Crime isn't that complicated. People steal because taking something gives them something. If they're not in it for the money, they're in it for the control. The act of taking, breaking the rules, makes them feel powerful. They're in it for the sheer defiance.
Norman Schwarzkopf|Republican leadership in Congress let the energy companies write the energy bill that sent prices soaring, and has turned a blind eye to the struggles of working families trying to make ends meet.
Hank Bracker, Suppressed I Rise|For the greatest part the American bombardiers, using the Norden bombsight with its autopilot, hit their target. However on nights with poor visibility anything was possible.As the bombs fell, people pushed their way down the path towards the square concrete entrance to the bunker. In their frantic haste to get to safety they knocked each other down. Stepping onto each other, many people, especially the older ones, fell as they tried to get out of harm’s way, and were crushed. The pushing and shoving was relentless as the poor screaming people were trampled in the dark. My best friend Anna tried to bring some clothing with her. She was among those trampled and died when the sharp end of a coat hanger pierced her throat. The horror of it all brought the worst out in people, who behaved worse than animals. It wasn’t until the air raid was over that the wardens undertook the grim task of removing the bodies of these unfortunate victims.Photo Caption: The actual bunker in Mannheim, Germany.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|No, my young apprentice. You said the exact right thing. Again. I'm just laughing at life.""Why?" he asked, opening both his eyes."Because sometimes it's either laugh or cry. I prefer laugh. How about you?
Lupita Nyong'o|You can't rely on how you look to sustain you, what sustains us, what is fundamentally beautiful is compassion; for yourself and for those around you.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|Although I have the colors, only the Lord can mix them with such harmony.
Amanda Foreman|If everyone followed through on their resolutions, the conseqences for humanity would be dire: The fast food industry would collapse, the gyms would become unbearably crowded, and lifestyle magazines would have nothing left to say.
Penelope J. Stokes, The Memory Book|We are the body of Christ. We are the continuing incarnation of the Divine. Look around and see Jesus. We who believe and trust and love each other are the manifestation of God in this place, at this time.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|One of the rocks in my soulbag, a little grey rock that I had picked up on a certain day in a certain place in the hills above the river in the Silver Time, a little piece of my world, that became my world. Every night I took it out and held it in my hand while I lay in bed waiting to sleep, thinking of the sunlight on the hills above the river, listening to the soft shushing of the ship’s systems, like a mechanical sea.
Andres Oliver|I am getting tired of feeling disappointed. I am getting tired of other people trying to always take my kindness for weakness, I sure don't deserve it. I should assume responsibility and become cold to others and warm to myself. Some call it self loving, other selfishness... I call it respect. Why to give less that what is being given? Maybe I am way too much for you, maybe that is your biggest fear, to feel less.
Conrad Richter, The Awakening Land: The Trees, The Fields, & The Town|The Awakening Land" p628-629 Hardship and work, that's what his mother always harped on. Once when he had refused to work on the lot, she had said, "You're going to live longer than I do, Chancey. Watch for all kinds of new-fangled notions to take away folks' troubles without their having to work. That's what folks today want and that's what will ruin them more than anything else." Could there be something after all in this hardship-and-work business, he pondered. He had thought hardship and work the symptoms of a pioneer era, things of the past. He believed that his generation had outlived and outlawed them, was creating a new life of comfort, ease and peace. And yet war, the cruelest hardship of all, war between brothers, was on them today like a madness. Did it mean that the need for strength and toughness was to be always with them; that the farther they advanced, the more brilliant and intelligent they became, the more terrible would be the hardship that descended upon them, and the more crying the need of hardihood to be saved.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|I don't trust most people. Except for you.""Why me?""Because everyone needs someone to put their faith in.
David   Silverman|Women are women: the most beautiful creatures, I love and respect. But hoes and tricks, gets slapped with dicks and that's with no regret.
Trevor McShane|Whenever you touch a poem that caresses your soul, breathe it gently for it might be the wind that perfects your life's goal.
Laura Hillenbrand|My friends, whoever has had experience of evils knows how whenever a flood of ills comes upon mortals, a man fears everything; but whenever a divine force cheers on our voyage, then we believe that the same fate will always blow fair.
Emilie Autumn|I had a dream, which seemed so real,I was King of the world, so full of appeal,Upon waking I found I wasn't alone,In a kingdom called Home, sitting on a throne.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|football is like life - it requires perserverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Kimberly Derting, The Offering|Surround yourself with people too afraid to speak, and you left yourself to only your own ideas. That could be disastrous. It was important to have men who would question you and see flaws in your plans, so long as you could control them. It was all about control.
James Hollis, Eden Project: In Search of the Magical Other|When one has let go of that great hidden agenda that drives humanity and its varied histories, then one can begin to encounter the immensity of one's own soul. If we are courageous enough to say, "Not this person, nor any other, can ultimately give me what I want; only I can," then we are free to celebrate a relationship for what it can give.
Miles Watson, Cage Life|I thought fleetingly of Anne, how the faces changed but the act was always the same, the need was always the same, no one drew a line between the sex you bought and the love you made, and your body could not tell the difference.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|They are kissing—finally, extravagantly, like it's the first thirty seconds of a kissing competition and they can't imagine they'll ever get tired.
Epictetus, Enchiridion|The disappointments, the injustices, and the unfair treatment of others can never make me become a bitter person, far from it. It rather makes me become more and more generous and compassionate. Because down in my heart, am very much at peace with myself.
Tara Michener, Who I Am Not What I Am!|When I first went to kindergarten kids asked me what I was. I did not understand-I'm a person. They explained that I look a little different and it is not as easy to tell which color I am. -Janelle from Who I Am Not What I Am, Tara Michener
Jennifer Haigh, Faith|Simply by living in this particular time and space, you're doing something nearly 100% of all other humans ever never could. Don't waste it.
Judith L. Alpert, Sexual Abuse Recalled|Disclosures of childhood sexual abuse have frequently been discredited through the diagnosis of hysteria. In this view, women/female children were seen either as culpable seducers who were not really damaged by the sex abuse or as dramatic fantasizers projecting their own incestuous wishes onto the father. I will argue that this view pervades the false-memory movement and can be found, for example, in Gardner's work (1992).
Kimberly Williams-Paisley|My husband and I own a CrossFit Gym. Crossfit is perfect for me because it's always competitive, all the workouts are in a class environment, and it's different every day. It's a constantly varied functional fitness workout done with intensity.
Steven Moffat|One of the things I've always liked about science fiction is the way it makes you think about things, and look at things from angles you'd never have thought about before.
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|Life, faculties, production-in other words, individuality, liberty, property-this is man. And in spite of the cunning of artful political leaders, these three gifts from God precede all human legislation, and are superior to it.
Gabrielle Dubois|Desire may cease once the desired person or object is acquired. The desire of reading doesn’t cease once a book is read, however extraordinary this one was.
Court Young|The grass may be greener on the other side, but will the sky be as blue?
Louis B. Saloman|Every utterance is an event, and no two events are precisely alike. The extreme view, therefore, is that no word ever means the same thing twice.
Louis Farrakhan|It takes leadership to improve safety. And I started off the movement in my time, but the person who has done more over the past 20 to 30 years and who has led it is Professor Sid Watkins.
Christina Scalise, Organize Your Life and More|Everyone has their own varying means of measuring thing. Sometimes people can agree on something, but other times they can't.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Wouldn't we all do better not trying to understand, accepting the fact that no human being will ever understand another, not a wife a husband, a lover a mistress, nor a parent a child? Perhaps that's why men have invented God -- a being capable of understanding. Perhaps if I wanted to be understood or to understand I would bam-boozle myself into belief, but I am a reporter; God exists only for leader-writers.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness and The Secret Sharer|It would be both foolish and cumbersome to continue our everyday existences in bliss without first denying to ourselves, for the sake of excusing our own repugnance, the inherent cruelty from which modern civilization was conceived...And there can be no other path by which a fiercely competitive, yet social species, as humanity, can afford its members the level of safety, prosperity and stability—such that we enjoy now— without its initial pangs of cannibalism, brutality, dominance and cruelty to forge the foundations, very much like the lava which formed the ground upon which we now stand. Lava still erupts from the core. Brutality, Dominance, and Cruelty similarly erupt from ours; and they are no less prevalent now than in early human history.
Al Silverman|It began to falter not when the book publishers who loved books gave way to those who preferred profits to reading. It happened when publishers and editors cut back on their drinking. If there is one national flower in book publishing, it is the martini.
Vladimir I. Arnold, Catastrophe Theory|No matter how good or bad your state of living currently is, better chapters are destined to unfold in your life.
J.R. Rim|Wings are like dreams. Before each flight, a bird takes a small jump, a leap of faith, believing that its wings will work. That jump can only be made with rock solid feet.
Jim Sensenbrenner|People have always heard voices. Sometimes they're called shamans, sometimes they're called mad, and sometimes they're called fiction writers. I always feel lucky that I live in a culture where fiction writing is legal and not seen as pathology.
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|When the cold comes to New England it arrives in sheets of sleet and ice. In December, the wind wraps itself around bare trees and twists in between husbands and wives asleep in their beds. It shakes the shingles from the roofs and sifts through cracks in the plaster. The only green things left are the holly bushes and the old boxwood hedges in the village, and these are often painted white with snow. Chipmunks and weasels come to nest in basements and barns; owls find their way into attics. At night,the dark is blue and bluer still, as sapphire of night.
Avijeet Das|Love is a strange feeling indeed, a feeling that every person must experience at least once in his or her life. A feeling that makes us feel one with God!
Lani Diane Rich, The Comeback Kiss|Look, we say stuff to women all the time. We say we’ll call them, then we don’t. We tell them they’re beautiful, then spend the evening looking at other women. We say we don’t love them when we do, and say we do when we don’t. Christ, if I was a woman, I wouldn’t listen to a goddamn thing any man ever said to me.
Mother Teresa|Being unwanted, unloved, uncared for, forgotten by everybody, I think that is a much greater hunger, a much greater poverty than the person who has nothing to eat.
Zoe Sugg|Fame is a thing that happens when you do something you love - nobody wants to be famous for the wrong reasons. It's not my goal, but if being more famous means I can get more music out, that's cool.
Aryn Kyle, Boys and Girls Like You and Me: Stories|Waiting is a very active part of living. Waiting on God, if we do it correctly, is anything but passive. Waiting works its way out in very deliberate actions, very intentionally searching the Scriptures and praying, intense moments of humility, and self-realization of our finiteness. With the waiting comes learning. I can’t think of much I’ve learned that’s positive from the times I’ve plowed ahead without waiting on God.
M.F. Moonzajer|They would be a duet. They would be happy. What is happy, anyways?
Tessa Bailey, Staking His Claim|Here.” He spread his legs wider and patted the floor between them. “You’ll be warmer, and I promise I won’t grope you or anything.”Yes, because getting groped by a handsome, charming man hours after getting dumped by a workaholic iceberg was such a repulsive notion.
Shirley Jackson, Just an Ordinary Day: The Uncollected Stories|But I didn't. I didn't say anything, if only because I had no idea how to respond to such an overture. If my experience with friends was sparse, what I knew about boys- other than a competitors for grades or class rank- was nonexistent
Scott Stabile|Our differences are beautiful, yet sometimes connection requires us to focus on our similarities, like the fact that we are all trying, all struggling, all wanting to be seen and to be loved. Perhaps if we start there, with this basic understanding of what it means to be alive, we will grow in our connection to one another and learn to love the beautiful differences that embody our improbable human reality.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Let grammar, punctuation, and spelling into your life! Even the most energetic and wonderful mess has to be turned into sentences.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|Every day you may make progress. Every step may be fruitful. Yet there will stretch out before you an ever-lengthening, ever-ascending, ever-improving path. You know you will never get to the end of the journey. But this, so far from discouraging, only adds to the joy and glory of the climb.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|Art uses truth and beauty—both of which can be quite ugly, even as that ugliness is transcended—to foster change, growth, love, perception, friendship. Something that doesn’t do that can be great. But I wouldn’t call it art […]
Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents|...DAMNATION!'No device of the printer's art, not even capital letters, can indicate the intensity of that shriek of rage. Emerson is known to his Egyptian workers by the admiring sobriquet of Father of Curses. The volume as well as the content of his remarks earned him the title; but this shout was extraordinary even by Emerson's standards, so much so that the cat Bastet, who had become more or less accustomed to him, started violently, and fell with a splash into the bathtub.The scene that followed is best not described in detail. My efforts to rescue the thrashing feline were met with hysterical resistance; water surged over the edge of the tub and onto the floor; Emerson rushed to the rescue; Bastet emerged in one mighty leap, like a whale broaching, and fled -- cursing, spitting, and streaming water. She and Emerson met in the doorway of the bathroom.The ensuing silence was broken by the quavering voice of the safragi, the servant on duty outside our room, inquiring if we required his assistance. Emerson, seated on the floor in a puddle of soapy water, took a long breath. Two of the buttons popped off his shirt and splashed into the water. In a voice of exquisite calm he reassured the servant, and then transferred his bulging stare to me.I trust you are not injured, Peabody. Those scratches...'The bleeding has almost stopped, Emerson. It was not Bastet's fault.'It was mine, I suppose,' Emerson said mildly.Now, my dear, I did not say that. Are you going to get up from the floor?'No,' said Emerson.He was still holding the newspaper. Slowly and deliberately he separated the soggy pages, searching for the item that had occasioned his outburst. In the silence I heard Bastet, who had retreated under the bed, carrying on a mumbling, profane monologue. (If you ask how I knew it was profane, I presume you have never owned a cat.)
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|Be again, be again. (Pause.) All that old misery. (Pause.) Once wasn't enough for you.
Jeevagan Nagarajan|Google, Facebook helps people than people helps people, in today's world
Sam Owen|When you lack self-esteem, people you encounter can feel it like an invisible barrier separating them from you; conversely, confidence helps people to feel connected to you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Take time to relax, renew and be revived.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|If you want the light, like you say you do, then why do you keep it strangled in thedark? If you preach love, like you strive to, why do you run away from practising?My love,the universe you fumble for doesn’t exist, if you don’t start from within. Before you,all that I can be is eyes and heart. And all that I can do is to remain by your side,for I can’t love you any less than the more I do now.
Aditya Ajmera|There is no illusion in awaken mind, because everything is perceived as impermanent and transient.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|Every revolution was first a thought in one man's mind, and when the same thought occurs to another man, it is the key to that era.
Meeta Ahluwalia|I laughed, and cried, and then woke up.
Ralph Miliband, Marxism And Politics|All concepts of politics, of whatever kind, are about conflict──how to contain it, or abolish it.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|books are the most powerful tool in the human arsenal, that reading all kinds of books, in whatever format you choose - electronic (even though that wasn't for her) or printed, or audio - is the grandest entertainment, and also is how you take part in human conversation.
Tennessee Williams|The best books, they don't talk about things you never thought about before. They talk about things you'd always thought about, but that you didn't think anyone else had thought about. You read them, and suddenly you're a little bit less alone in the world.
Liz Braswell, Once Upon a Dream|If I had a box full of all the evils of the world, I'd open it just a little way and push you inside. Then I'd close it again for always.
Sunday Adelaja|I watched him even then as he fell, his face undefeated, his eyes still proud
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|An adventurer has a purpose. Such as finding new lands and valuable treasures. A misadventurer, besides doing it for the hell of it and for a good time, doesn't really have a good purpose.
Gary Snyder, Practice of the Wild|If we are here for any good purpose at all (other than collating texts, running rivers, and learning the stars), I suppose it is to entertain the rest of nature. A gang of sexy primate clowns. All the little critters creep in close to listen when the human beings are in a good mood and willing to play some tunes.
Charles R. Swindoll|The size of a challenge should never be measured by what we have to offer. It will never be enough. Furthermore, provision is God's responsibility, not ours. We are merely called to commit what we have - even if it's no more than a sack lunch.
Iain M. Banks|I will defend the absolute value of Mozart over Miley Cyrus, of course I will, but we should be wary of false dichotomies. You do not have to choose between one or the other. You can have both. The human cultural jungle should be as varied and plural as the Amazonian rainforest. We are all richer for biodiversity. We may decide that a puma is worth more to us than a caterpillar, but surely we can agree that the habitat is all the better for being able to sustain each.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|There's an amazing world out there for you to discover, Henry Denton, but you have to be willing to discover yourself first.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Hey, why do pegasi gallop as they fly, an
Alexander Pope|Coraline opened the box of chocolates. The dog looked at them longingly."Would you like one?" she asked the little dog."Yes, please," whispered the dog. "Only not toffee ones. They make me drool.""I thought chocolates weren't very good for dogs," she said, remembering something Miss Forcible had once told her."Maybe where you come from," whispered the little dog. "Here, it's all we eat.
Harry S Truman|If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|Yet her experience had consisted less in a series of pure disappointments than in a series of substitutions. Continually it had happened that what she had desired had not been granted her, and that what had been granted her she had not desired. So she viewed with an approach to equanimity the now cancelled days when Donald had been her undeclared lover, and wondered what unwished-for thing Heaven might send her in place of him.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|i swear to God, that was the question. Sometimes, I think there's someone up there just sitting around thinking of ways to make me look like a complete moron. Seriously, I bet there's an angel or more likely a demon assigned just to me. And every day it gets up and asks itself what it can do to ruin my life. well, today it got an A plus
Bernie Sanders|There's nothing more superficial to do than to paint a beautiful woman. The most beautiful portraits in art were of ugly women. If you paint Brigitte Bardot, it's a disaster. Sunsets, you have to stay away from sunsets. You paint a sunset, you are in great danger.
Juliette Gordon Low|Women ought to feel a peculiar sympathy in the colored man's wrong, for, like him, she has been accused of mental inferiority, and denied the privileges of a liberal education.
Ari Marmell, Thief's Covenant|A true lady should have the wit and the imagination, or at least the very restraint, to express herself without resorting herself to such base vocabulary.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|Can you imagine those poor bastards grappling their prey, leaping over the rails, swords in hand, screaming 'Your cats! Give us all your god-damned cats!
Charles de Lint, Spiritwalk|Inside us lies every possibility that is available to a sentient being. Every darkness, every light. It is the choices we make that decide who or what we will be.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Once the "what" is decided  the "how" always follows. We must not make the "how" an excuse for not facing and accepting the "what."
Oscar Wilde|Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Savania China|Success is not a finite resource; share it, wish it on others, and celebrate others
Becca Fitzpatrick|Love you,” Xavier said just before he drifted back to sleep.“Love you more,” I said playfully.“Not a chance,” Xavier said, fully awake now. “I’m bigger, I can contain more love.”“I’m smaller, therefore my love particles are more compressed, which means I can fit more in.”Xavier laughed. “That argument makes no sense. Overruled.”“I’m just basing it on how much I miss you when you’re not around,” I countered.“How can you possibly know how much I miss you?” he said. “Have you got some sort of built-in miss-o-meter that can give us a reading?”“I’m a girl; of course I have a built-in miss-o-meter.
Douglas Rushkoff|Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career.
Nikki Rowe|focus your intention on what your building, not whats already fallen away.
Jesse Jackson|Grieve and mourn for yourself not once or twice, but again and again.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Played with Fire|When other people are grieving, the newspaperman turns efficient.
Regina Scott, Mail-Order Marriage Promise|Amazing what more we can see looking back. But God didn't give us eyes in the back of our heads. Our eyes, like our feet, face forward, toward the future.
Douglas C. Engelbart|In 20 or 30 years, you'll be able to hold in your hand as much computing knowledge as exists now in the whole city, or even the whole world.
Larry Watson, Let Him Go|A four-year-old has so little past, and he remembers almost none of it, neither the father he once had nor the house where he once lived. But he can feel the absences – and feel them as sensation, like a texture that was once at his fingers every day but now is gone and no matter how he gropes or reaches his hand he cannot touch what’s no longer there.
Lara Flynn Boyle|I've got mates who have got married through meeting on Internet dating sites, so it really can work out - even if sometimes it does go disastrously wrong.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Now that she had actually seen and accepted reality, and reality brought such a healing calm.
Deyth Banger|The Den, the best horror - You never know who is the Original!
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|Triviality is evil - triviality, that is, in the form of consciousness and mind that adapts itself to the world as it is, that obeys the principle of inertia. And this principle of inertia truly is what is radically evil.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|To understand antiquity’s idea of man, we must examine its gods and heroes, myths and legends. In these we find the classical prototype of genuine man. ... the will to greatness, wealth, power and fame. Anything opposed to it falls short of the authentically human. ...What a world of difference between this conception and that to which Christ has led us! ...Jesus’ friends are in no way remarkable for their talent or character. He who considers the apostles or disciples great from a human or religious point of view raises the suspicion that he is unacquainted with true greatness. Moreover, he is confusing standards, for the apostle and disciple have nothing to do with such greatness. Their uniqueness consists of their being sent, of their God-given role of pillars for the coming salvation.
Sonya Renee Taylor|Women deserve better than propaganda and lies to get into panties. Propaganda and lies to get into office, to get out of court, to get out of paying child support. Get the fuck out of our decisions and give us back our voice. Women deserve better; women deserve choice.
Thomas Carlyle|Mental strength is really important because you either win or lose in your mind. And I'm not solely talking about sporting matches, boxing events - anything you do, you do it first with your mental strength. And you can actually train and develop it, and I am responsible for what I'm saying because I have experience with that.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Quincy laughed. "If I were Elizabeth I shouldn't thank either of you for that comforting diagnosis. Would it do any good to open Aunt Sarai's grave and drive a stake through her? If you believe in as much sorcery as that, you must regret the days of witch-burners, Carew."Carew said quietly, "No. Witch-burners were barbarous blunderers. If I wanted to suppress a dangerous letter, could I do it by burning the envelope and leaving the letter loose? The witch would come back unchanged; I should merely have postponed the danger until another time and place. And have further handicapped myself to meet it, by depriving the witch, by violent death, of the years allotted her, or him, for evolution."Joseph said with dry humor, "She might not have used them for that, Carew. At least not for your idea of it."Carew shrugged. "That would be her responsibility, not mine. And, in any case, she would be that many years nearer the time of her inevitable change."This time Joseph did not answer, only smiled.
Neil M. Gunn, Young Art and Old Hector|We cannot buy it. We are too poor. Then men who have made the law have taken our own drink from us, and have not left us wherewith to buy it. Yet they can buy it, because they are rich. I have a feeling that that is not just. I do not grudge them their riches and all it can buy for them.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I didn't doubt for a moment that she had read them all, or that they were the right books to own. Further, they seemed to be an organic combination of her mind and personality, whereas mine struck me as functionally separate, straining to describe a character I hoped to grow into.
Francine Pascal, Fearless|People talk a lot about all the homosexuals there are to see in Greenwich Village, but it was all the neuters that caught my eye that day. These were my people -- as used as I was to wanting love from nowhere, as certain as I was that almost anything desirable was likely to be booby-trapped.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|I strongly believe that a very good way to start on the Warrior Diet is by following the diet elements first. This alone will probably do the job. Moreover, it may stimulate even sedentary people to begin some kind of physical activity, due to all the extra energy people generally feel when they become warriors.
Sunday Adelaja|Most people do not take care of their lives, because they don’t value life
Common|When you make the kind of movies I make, you get weird letters from people.
Michael Harris|Pain is slight if opinion has added nothing to it; ... in thinking it slight, you will make it slight. Everything depends on opinion. It is according to opinion that we suffer. A man is as wretched as he has convinced himself that he is.
Cherie Priest, Dreadnought|You're an unusual person," she said."Bill didn't like you, but he never likes anything different. He's so—so prosaic. Don't you think that when a person gets older he should become—broadened in his outlook?
Edward de Bono, Six Thinking Hats Revised Edition|Love the animals, love the plants, love everything. If you love everything, you will perceive the divine mystery in things. Once you perceive it, you will begin to comprehend it better every day. And you will come at last to love the whole world with an all-embracing love.
Baris Gencel|Creativity is not result, it is a process!
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|Isn't that just typical. You're either asking for it, or having it forced upon you without your consent. Who decided women always have to be passive in sex?
Andie MacDowell|Marriage is becoming sort of fake. It's almost like a handbag. Everybody wants the newest, greatest and latest. It becomes an event, and it's definitely a status symbol in our society. I'm not saying it shouldn't be; it absolutely should be - but you shouldn't be focusing on that.
Ellen Schreiber, Kissing Coffins|I'm just being practial. I knew someday I might have to bare my throat to you. Pete and I discussed that very possibility. As for the danger and risk taking, that's what Pete pays me to do. And you and I both know he inteneds to get his money's worth."Jasmine, I cannot-"Why not!"Because you are not food!"I stared at him for a minute; the I started to grin. I couldn't help it.Vayl"-I tried to keep my face straight- "I'm not asking you to eat me.
David Grann|When the FDA announced its intentions to join other countries and ban quinolone use on U.S. chicken farms, the drug manufacturer Bayer initiated legal action that successfully delayed the process for five years.
Timothy J. Keller, Center Church: Doing Balanced, Gospel-Centered Ministry in Your City|At last I see it, I feel it; I penetrate to the predestinated purpose of my life. I am content. Others may have loftier parts to enact; but my mission in this world, Bartleby, is to furnish you with office-room for such period as you may see fit to remain.I believe that this wise and blessed frame of mind would have continued with me, had it not been for the unsolicited and uncharitable remarks obtruded upon me by my professional friends who visited the rooms. But thus it often is, that the constant friction of illiberal minds wears out at last the best resolves of the more generous.
Edwidge Danticat|I want to figure out how people can go on with their lives when mine has changed so much. I want to relearn how to breathe without carrying this big, empty cave inside me.
Baltasar Gracian|It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it.
Anthony Collins|The Use of the Understanding, in endeavouring to find out the Meaning of any Proposition whatsoever, in considering the nature and Evidence for or against it, and in judging of it according to the seeming Force or Weakness of the Evidence.
Andrea Dworkin, Right Wing Women|Breckin shrugs. “I’m new here. And if you haven’t deducted from my impeccable fashion sense, I think it’s safe to say that I’m…” he leans forward and cups his hand to his mouth in secrecy. “Mormon,” he whispers.
Michael Hogan, Savage Capitalism and the Myth of Democracy: Latin America in the Third Millennium|There’s a difference between being in love and thinking you’re in love. Real love is unconditional. If Eva truly loved me, she wouldn't try to make me love her. She would accept how I feel, without the catch.
Suman K.Chiplunkar|It has been noticed that since the year 2005, Istanbul has become a hot-spot for transplant of hair. Many foreigners are visiting Istanbul for medical tourism because the cost of surgeries and surgeons is more reasonable and affordable than other European countries. It is interesting to note that if you happen to be a patient going to Istanbul you will be given many allowances such as free travel tickets.
Ian Frazier, Travels in Siberia|It reflects like an optical instrument and responds to changes in the weather so sensitively that it seems like a part of the sky rather than of the land. And along with all that, Baikal is distinctly Asiatic: if a camel caravan could somehow transport Baikal across Siberia to Europe, and curious buyers unwrapped it in a marketplace, none would mistake it for a lake from around there.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|If you believe you can, you can make your dreams come true.
Laura Anne Gilman|Manhattan in the morning is a living stream of Purpose; everyone's got a place to be and a problem on their mind. That doesn't mean it's and unfriendly place -- just busy and preoccupied. Personally, I love it. I'm a social creature but there are times and places you just don't want to do more than grunt at your fellow human being.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|From that point of view, I realized that my hole was not miles deep after all. My father, in fact, could stand on the bottom and it only reached up to his chest.Darkness, you know, is relative.
Herman Koch, The Dinner|See, this is the way I see it. Not all anger is the same. Because there are different kids of anger. And you know what else - sometimes, anger is a virtue. As long as you're not making someone bleed.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|We are like children building a sand castle. We embellish it with beautiful shells, bits of driftwood, and pieces of colored glass. The castle is ours, off limits to others. We’re willing to attack if others threaten to hurt it. Yet despite all our attachment, we know that the tide will inevitably come in and sweep the sand castle away. The trick is to enjoy it fully but without clinging, and when the time comes, let it dissolve back into the sea.
Milan Kundera, Life is Elsewhere|But it was not only a feeling of guilt which drove him into danger. He detested the pettiness that made life semilife and men semimen. He wished to put his life on one of a pair of scales and death on the other. He wished each of his acts, indeed each day, each hour, each second of his life to be measured against the supreme criterion, which is death. That was why he wanted to march at the head of the column, to walk on a tightrope over an abyss, to have a halo of bullets around his head and thus to grow in everyone's eyes and become unlimited as death is unlimited. . .
Marco Rubio|Whatever happened to books? Suddenly everybody's talking about these 100-hour movies called 'Breaking Bad'. People are talking about TV the same way they used to talk about novels back in the 1980s. I like to think I hang out with some pretty smart people, but all they talk about is 'Breaking Bad.'
Y.S. Lee, The Body at the Tower|Sometimes, before you make any plans or resolutions, before you declare your heroic intent to persevere, you just have to cry.
Matthew McConaughey|The telephone, which interrupts the most serious conversations and cuts short the most weighty observations, has a romance of its own.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Sure, anyone can name fourteen dead people. But we're disorganized mourners, so a lot of people end up remembering Shakespeare, and no one ends up remembering the person he wrote Sonnet Fifty-five about.
Cate Tiernan, Awakening|Never concede to evil…. When we concede to evil, even in a small way, we feed it, and it grows stronger.
Carl Sagan|The International Space Station is a phenomenal laboratory, an unparalleled test bed for new invention and discovery. Yet I often thought, while silently gazing out the window at Earth, that the actual legacy of humanity's attempts to step into space will be a better understanding of our current planet and how to take care of it.
Mike Royko|We're going to be able to ask our computers to monitor things for us, and when certain conditions happen, are triggered, the computers will take certain actions and inform us after the fact.
James Dashner, The Eye of Minds|Your demons are always with you," Skale answered. His voice seemed even raspier than the day before. "Don't you understand that by now? Always with you, impossible to escape. But you never can guess how they might manifest themselves.
Osho|You don’t have any problems — only this much has to be understood. This very moment you can drop all problems. because they are your creations. Have another look at your problems: the deeper you look, the smaller they will appear. Go on looking at them and by and by they will start disappearing. Go on gazing and suddenly you will find there is emptiness — a beautiful emptiness surrounds you. Nothing to do, nothing to be, because you are already that.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must live a genuine life in order to discover personal happiness and self-fulfillment. Understanding that a person is living a lie is the first step into realizing what is possible. No matter how frightful such a proposition is, we must dare to be an original self.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I like your mind when it plays with mine. We harmonize, like a dirty sweet symphony.
Henry Rollins|I think, often, when you are in just a lot of pain, it comes out as anger.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|It was his experience that life worked under the same guidelines as a capitalistic society. In order to get what you wanted, it was usually necessary to give up something in return. Sometimes gaining what you defined as everything meant losing what you most needed.
Brian Koppelman|Watch movies. Read screenplays. Let them be your guide. […] Yes, McKee has been able to break down how the popular screenplay has worked. He has identified key qualities that many commercially successful screenplays share, he has codified a language that has been adopted by creative executives in both film and television. So there might be something of tangible value to be gained by interacting with his material, either in book form or at one of the seminars.But for someone who wants to be an artist, a creator, an architect of an original vision, the best book to read on screenwriting is no book on screenwriting. The best seminar is no seminar at all.To me, the writer wants to get as many outside voices OUT of his/her head as possible. Experts win by getting us to be dependent on their view of the world. They win when they get to frame the discussion, when they get to tell you there’s a right way and a wrong way to think about the game, whatever the game is. Because that makes you dependent on them. If they have the secret rules, then you need them if you want toget ahead.The truth is, you do
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|It was one of those situations I often find myself in while traveling. Something's said by a stranger I've been randomly thrown into contact with, and I want to say, "Listen. I'm with you on most of this, but before we continue, I need to know who you voted for in the last election.
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|Believe. No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted island, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Thomas Frank, What's the Matter With Kansas?: How Conservatives Won the Heart of America|We’re all free agents in this noncoercive class system, and Brooks eventually concludes that worrying about the problems faced by workers is yet another deluded affectation of the blue-state rich.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|Whenever serious sickness or injury strikes and your body or mind breaks down, the vital questions are the same: What is your understanding of the situation and its potential outcomes? What are your fears and what are your hopes? What are the trade-offs you are willing to make and not willing to make? And what is the course of action that best serves this understanding?
Brother Yun|In a hyper materialist environment where everything is reduced to mere economic considerations, what we deem to be important is often trivial, a temporary fix for deeper and more profound yearnings.This has given rise to what some may describe as a unique pathology common to modern wealthy societies: moral and spiritual emptiness among opulence and material luxury.
Philip Johnson|Enhancing a woman's silhouette and enhancing a woman's beauty - both contribute to enhancing her confidence, so they're synonymous, really.
Marty Rubin|A brutal, relentless self-analysis lies at the heart of all despair.
Marina Warner, Alone of All Her Sex: The Myth and the Cult of the Virgin Mary|The price the Virgin demanded was purity, and the way the educators of Catholic children have interpreted this for nearly two thousand years is sexual chastity. Impurity, we were taught, follows from many sins, but all are secondary to the principal impulse of the devil in the soul--lust.
J.A. Perez|It all starts with having a very clear picture and vision to what your ideal life looks like in every area, on and off the field, and once you have that vision, it will begin to take shape in your everyday life.
Mark F. LaMoure|Bring your dreams to reality. Believe in yourself. You know you have what it takes, to make your dreams come true. Start now and dedicate yourself to success. Shoot for the stars and make it happen.
Kay Cassidy, The Cinderella Society|Sarah Jane turned to face me square on, her eyes full of compassion and wisdom and strength I could never match. "You are the gaurdian, Jess. The truth is inside you if you look for it. Trust that you're here because you're destined to be.”She didn't know how crazy her request was. Someone like Sarah Jane could never understand. she was asking me to tear down my defenses, walls that kept me protected in my lobely but safe bubble. A bubble that let me belive I was good enough, that people just hadn't gotten the chance to really know me.I closed my eyes and took a deep breath praying for some kind of sign. No lighntning bolt appeared in the sky, but a momentary shower of peace rained over me. It went and came so quickly I wondered if I had imagined it, but in the end, I knew. if tere was a time to trust , this was it."Trust the universe and go with God," Nan would always say. It scared the living hck out of me. What happns when they realize I'm just me?
David Levithan, Wide Awake|And there comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic nor popular - but one must take it because it is right.
Stephanie Osborn, The Bunker|Xander, there are two certainties in life--death and truth. They will both pursue you to your grave. There is no escaping them. But we run from them anyway in hopes that somehow we can slip by unnoticed. In the end, one or both of them catch up. Running doesn't solve anything.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Love frees us of all pain, or of any restraint. Once a circle that ever widens without end. Various colors it shines in our lives to paintExcelsis, glorious manifestation to befriend.
Rory McIlroy|If I don't make it, I'll be very sad that there are things I didn't do, but I'm happy that I've done what I have.
Theresa Lewis|You know you're in love when you open your heart knowing there’s a chance it may be broken but in opening your heart, you experience a love that you never dreamed possible.
Werley Nortreus|I had a dream, someone came to me and told me "Jesus Christ is coming in a couple days, time is near, only a couple days left for Christ to come" then I saw rocks coming from the air that caused disasters on earth. The end is near, don't ignore this very important message, it's your responsibility to save your soul from hell. The choice is yours, make sure you know your destination.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change someone's life, just love him and be kind to him.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are hard days to live. And sometimes they will be just a few, and sometimes they will seem endless. And eventually you'll come to understand that we've all been there before - or more than likely are going there now. And maybe that idea will make it easier for you, and maybe it won't. But there will still be hard days to live, and you will still have to find your way through them.
Jonny Steinberg, Thin Blue: The Unwritten Rules of Policing South Africa|All violence is based on blindness, on a lack of reflection and empathy.
Praying Medic|When you let it go with love, but without expectations, it is forever yours.
Kate McGahan|When I made you my Everything, you gave me nothing. If I made you my Nothing would you want to give me everything?
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|Tyranny is Tyranny, let it come from whom it may.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Without seeking to comprehend the incomprehensible, he gazed upon it. He did not study God; he was dazzled by Him.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|[Christ] will come again. But we must look to Scripture, not human thought, for our guide to preparing.
Vassar Miller Bagatelle|That night, stargazing on the deck with Dad, eyes on the sky, he pointed out Orion, Betelgeuse. "It's an art to read the stars, baby."I never wanted to leave his side-my sure song for so long. Now? His eyes are stone changed. Just looking at them hurts my heart.
Gary   Hopkins|Allowing attachments to people/things create a compulsive addiction in us to be controlling. This “control” (fueled by fear of loss) fools us into a false sense of security and love. At first glance, it is common to confuse the idea of Conscious Detachment with non-feeling or being cold, however learning this skill is a giant leap towards enlightenment. When you consciously detach from an object or a loved one, you empower them to exist at their potential. From this perspective, just being in their presence fosters feelings of love and admiration that far exceed any relationship that is limited with expectations, confinement and control
J.W. Dunne, An Experiment with Time|She was a planet, way out in space, out of its orbit, and he was an unmanned spaceship, taking measurements of the atmosphere. She was not suitable for habitation.
Shannon L. Alder|If all you do is set goals and achieve them then you have learned to be a doer. Happiness isn’t at the end of the next goal. It is the journey of aligning your choices to mold your character into the type of person who lives their belief system, then creates a life purpose that reflects that same person.
Marshall Thornton, Lucky Days|Saudade.A nostalgic longing to be near again to something or someone that is distant, or that has been loved and then lost; "the love that remains".
Andres Oliver|You are letting this feeling get cold, I cant blame you, you must know you are free to go... Don't you ever look back... If you wonder why it is because I wont be there.
Wilkie Collins, Hide and Seek|To Roland's relief, Jean de Joinville came to his aid. "Sire, this good knight wants only to preserve your life. Let us all ride together against the Egyptians.""If I ride against them alone, God will protect me," said Louis.A new figure pushed into the circle. He wore the white surcoat and red cross of a Templar over his mail. With a leap of his heart, Roland recognized Guido Bruchesi. Guido looked at him but did not acknowledge him. He went directly to the King.He spoke quietly but firmly. "Sire, what you have just said is presumption.""I do not see how that could be, brother Templar." But Louis took his foot out of the stirrup as Roland watched with growing hope. You can always catch Louis's attention with a religious argument, Roland thought, even on the battlefield."Sire," said Guido, "Satan tempted our Seigneur Jesus, telling Him that if He cast Himself down from the mountaintop, angels would lift him up." Guido cast a sidelong look at Amalric. "You, Sire, are being tempted to ride alone against the whole Egyptian army, expecting God's protection. You are demanding a miracle. That is presumption."Louis was silent for a moment. "Perhaps you are right." Roland let out a long breath.
Mikhail Bakunin|We foresee no limit to scientific advancement in the future, and in scientific truth there is nothing dead; science is always a living and growing body of knowledge; but art on the contrary has many times run its course to an end, and exhausted its vital power.
Debasish Mridha|I am overflowing with love, peace, joy, happiness and abundance.” Let this be your morning prayer.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|The basic principle of health, well-being, and the action of healing is the presumption of prior perfection rather than the motivating problem. We must be established in the presumption that Truth is always already the case, and therefore, the perfect form of any condition is already, priorly, and presently true of it. It is not that "I" am a problem or disease to be cured (or a hopeless sinner to be saved). Rather, "I" am already and priorly one with the Perfect Condition and the perfect Form of all conditions that presently pertain, and "I" am simply operating in order to manifest it (or allow it to manifest itself) in the play of experience.
Elif Shafak, The Architect's Apprentice|You'd expect academics, people who are by training comfortable with complexity, to be the most resistant to the idea that we're shaped by any single factor. In fact, they are often the worst offenders. Immersed in their own research, shaped by their own work, many logically see everything else as a natural extension of it.
Donovan|You endure what is supposedly unbearable, and before you know it, you would have done the impossible by bearing the unbearable.
Aaron Patzer|Ideologically, the pursuit of science is not that different from the ideology that goes into punk rock. The idea of challenging authority is consistent with what I have been taught as a scientist.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|I knew that I was supposed to respond with some kind of mannered phrase that ended with "hail Satan," but I couldn't bring myself to do so. It seemed too empty and ritualistic, like wearing a uniform in a Christian school.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The influence of a mother upon the lives of her children cannot be measured. They know and absorb her example and attitudes when it comes to questions of honesty, temperance, kindness, and industry.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|The Milky Way swooped diagonally across the heavens, reminding me of my utter insignificance, and at the same time my complete interconnection with everything. I was just a tiny speck of consciousness, and yet I was consciousness itself.
J.R. Richardson, Cursed be the Wicked|Do you know the story?No, Finn, but I have a feeling you're going to tell me.
Mark Doty|Miss Selina, you have over the past minutes—as in the past months, and indeed, in all the years of your association with him—demonstrated an understanding of Master Bruce, his aspirations, his desires and his demons, that would be the envy of his closest colleagues, who believe they know him better than anybody. It is quite impossible to credit your fear that you ‘will not be good at this,’ for there is clearly no one in his life better suited to comfort him in tragedy, rejoice with him in triumph, and keep him from being alone in the days and nights in between. If he should ‘give up hope,’ I have no doubt you would manage the situation with the same sublime felinity you have used to such advantage in the past. Now drink your tea, young woman, and the next time you enjoy, or even sniff, this particular brew, I dare say you will understand how it helps.
Dada Bhagwan|If you like happiness, then worship that wherein happiness is inherent. Happiness is in God. God is an abode of infinite bliss. If you worship the inanimate (the non-Self, [Jad]), then you will have pain because there is only pain in the inanimate.
Dominic Riccitello|It wasn’t worth it, but at the time it was. And that’s all that mattered.
Michael Ende, Die unendliche Geschichte|Man kann davon überzeugt sein, sich etwas zu wünschen - vielleicht jahrelang - solang man weiß, dass der Wunsch unerfüllbar ist. Steht man aber plötzlich vor der Möglichkeit, dass der Wunschtraum Wirklichkeit wird, dann wünscht man sich nur noch eins: Man hätte es sich nie gewünscht.
Nicholas Sparks, The Choice|He'd lived long enough to know that everyone handled grief in different ways, and little by little, they all seemed to accept their new lives.
Amie Kaufman|I’ve always wondered about your name,” Misha said to Hijja while scraping a bit of space gunk from the window of their spaceship.
Carolyn Riker, Blue Clouds: A Collection of Soul’s Creative Intelligence|I'll tell you a story, far, far from here where blades of grass are fluent in sentient knowledge and trees are a mandala of prayer.
Marvin Sapp|A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|You’re not like any other keeper I’ve met before. I’ve seen you two together, and more than anything I see you treat him as a friend. You look at him as an equal. Him… he looks at you with hope, and even more than that. I know that whatever bond you share with each other, it’s something real and powerful.
Heather Grace Stewart, Three Spaces|The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is, that one often comes from a strong will, and the other from a strong won't.
Shay Leigh, Sins Within|... this longing inside me that never goes away, must be a poem...must be you ...
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Don’t sit at home and wait for mango tree to bring mangoes to you wherever you are. It won’t happen. If you are truly hungry for change, go out of your comfort zone and change the world.
Myles Munroe|I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|Think'st thou heaven is such a glorious thing?I tell thee, 'tis not so fair as thouOr any man that breathes on earth.
Roy T. Bennett|When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference. You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you.
Kevin Crossley-Holland, The Norse Myths|The unfortunate are not as miserable as the world imagines. That urchins, the handicapped, orphans, prisoners and others are much happier than people think. And that language is a trap, that a dark evolutionary force has created languages to limit human thought. That writers are overrated fools. That all religions come from ancient comic writers. And the ultimate goal of comics is same as the purpose of humanity – to break free from language.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Anyone who falls short of God’s grace, out of rage, can harm many.It our sacred duty to love, motivate and pray for one another, so we will all be under God’s grace.
Steven Levitan|Theo does comedy now, and he's traveling around the country doing comedy, and I actually just saw him, he's from Louisiana, and I just saw him when I went home to visit my family in Louisiana. I saw his comedy show and he was brilliant.
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|...for a man is a Herdentier - an animal that always follows the herd, a gregarious animal - and quickly follow's its neighbour example.
Pope John Paul II|God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'
George Gissing, New Grub Street|I shall bere your noble fame, for ye spake a grete worde and fulfilled it worshipfully.
August Strindberg|Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Michael Frayn, The Russian Interpreter|All the while, when Nazneen turned to her prayers and tried to empty her mind and accept each new thing with grace or indifference, Chanu worked his own method. He was looking for the same essential thing. But he thought he could grab it from the outside and hold it against his chest like a shield...Where Nazneen turned in, he turned out; where she strove to accept, he was determined to struggle; where she attempted to dull her mind and numb her thoughts, he argued loud; while she wanted to look neither to the past nor to the future, he lived exclusively in both. They took different paths but they had journeyed, so she realized, together.
James Sinegal|Obviously, the highest type of efficiency is that which can utilize existing material to the best advantage.
Cliff Hannold|Sometimes you want to quit, but I want you to remember this one thing. When you quit, you lose! Just fight through and when you don't quit, and you practice and fight for what you want every single day then eventually you will win, and exceed your goals.
Michelle Hodkin|He shrugged. “I have a stomach thing. Don’t get close.”“Well, now you’ve spoiled everything,” I said casually, working hard to fake it. “I was planning to seduce you in the broom closet.” I pointed. “Right there.”A joyless smile appeared on Jamie’s lips. “We are far too screwed-up for a goddamned lovetriangle.”That’s my Jamie.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|People expected something for nothing, that’s why they did nothing so beautifully these days.
Tim Winton, The Riders|She was still glad she looked like Scully. He wasn't pretty either, but pretty people weren't the kind you need. Pretty people saw themselves in the mirror and were either too happy or too sad. People like Billie just shrugged and didn't care. She didn't want to turn into anyone pretty. Anyway, she had scars now, you only had to look.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|I'm infatuated with you, I cannot deny it. Physically speaking, you're a very attractive man. But I don't like you, the vast majority of the time. So far as I can gather, you behave abominably in public and are only marginally better in private. I only find you remotely tolerable when you're kissing me.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|A translator must, of course, be an interpreter of cultures.
Tony Curl|Choosing the right people to surround you, and letting go of the wrong ones, takes courage.Be courageous!
Stella Padnos|Once bitten, twice shy. Once caring, twice cry.Once beloved, can’t deny—heart broken, twice die.
Emma Forrest|Live with the assumption that every day it will rain. If it does, you were right. If it doesn’t, you were fortunate.
Karl Marx|Capital is dead labour, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labour, and lives the more, the more labour it sucks.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Plato said that we are trapped inside a cave and know the world only through the shadows it casts on the wall. The skull is our cave, and mental representations are the shadows.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Who, if I cried out, would hear me among the angels'hierarchies? and even if one of thempressed me against his heart: I would be consumedin that overwhelming existence. For beauty is nothingbut the beginning of terror, which we still are just able to endure,and we are so awed because it serenely disdainsto annihilate us. Every angel is terrifying.
Bono|If you don't have the story and the unfolding of the trajectory of the saga, it's like getting in a car and not having any gas.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.
Sachin Kodagali, Santosh Avvannavar|Tuition is to studies and training is to job, but the gradation never stops (on Appraisal)
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|Who makes things up? Who tells the real story? We all turn our lives into stories. It is a defining characteristic of our species. We retell our experiences. We quickly learn what parts are interesting to our listeners and what parts lag, and we shape our narratives accordingly. It doesn't mean we aren't telling the truth; we've simply learned which parts to leave out. Every time we tell the story again, we don't go back to the original event and start from scratch, we go back to the last time we told the story. It's the story we shape and improve on, we don't change what happened. This is also a way we have of protecting ourselves. It would be too painful to relive a childhood illness or the death of your best friend every time you had to speak of it. By telling the story from the story, instead of from the actual events, we are able to distance ourselves from our suffering. It also gives us the chance to make the story something people can hear.
Alexander Chee, The Queen of the Night|The secret to being a rider in the hippodrome wasn't just that you must be agile, or that you must be good with horses, or that you must be strong and steady as the horse careens to the far end of the arena and back with you riding on its back. It was that you must hide inside your costume a little of a killer's heart.The animal will be tender with you, and you with it, but the animal never forgets that when what it wants for survival requires your death, it will become unafraid to kill you. And so you cannot forget this, either.It is, on reflection, good training to be a courtesan. A woman of any kind.
Michael Bassey Johnson|True love is not a hide and seek game: in true love, both lovers seek each other.
Homer, The Odyssey|Come then, put away your sword in its sheath, and let us two go up into my bed so that, lying together in the bed of love, we may then have faith and trust in each other.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Power ceases in the instant of repose; it resides in the moment of transition from a past to a new state, in the shooting of the gulf, in the darting to an aim.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Rule of thumb: The more important a call or action is to our soul's evolution, the Resistance we will feel toward pursuing it.
Johnathan Jena|I'm an old man now. Old on the inside. I'm a drunk, and I hate to tell you, but I'm not prepared to change. So you have to figure out if you want to forgive me and love me like I am, or run away again. Or hell, stay here and hate me. Just...know that I love you the best way I know how. I always have. I do the best I can.
Scott Westerfeld, Afterworlds|You don't know what it's like, when your best friend disappears.
Tamas Lakometz|If you prove me how strong you are, I just exactly see your weakness.
Mark Twain|The history of our race, and each individual’s experience, are sown thick with evidence that a truth is not hard to kill and that a lie told well is immortal.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|To have to perform a scene, a punishment scene like that, was extremely unpleasant. It bothered me to hurt you, Jessica,” he growled. “You will let me hold you, and offer me some comfort in return.
Arthur Rimbaud, Collected Poems|When I was young and miserable and prettyAnd poor, I'd wishWhat all girls wish: to have a husband,A house and children. Now that I'm old, my wishIs womanish:That the boy putting groceries in my carSee me. 
Jamaica Kincaid, Annie John|He looked, well, sturdier than he used to. His shoulders were square and, naturally, broader than before. His neck, a bit thicker. He probably had an Adam’s apple now too, like any man did. If he turned, would she see it starkly in profile, protruding awkwardly? And, then, he did turn, just a smidge, as he stifled a yawn, and there was nothing awkward about him.
Mahyar Mottahed|Instead of selling to your customers, help them buy.
Katie Kacvinsky, First Comes Love|If you never leave where you come from, I don't think you'll ever figure out who you are, because how much is forced on you? How much of your personality is imposed instead of created? That's why I left. I think people need to leave in order to find their potential.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Of course, everyone's going to freak out when you show up at school.""Freak out? Why?""Because you're so much hotter now than when you left." She shrugged. "It's true. Must be a vampire thing."Simon looked baffled. "I'm hotter now?""Sure you are. I mean, look at those two. They're both totally into you." She pointed to a few feet in front of them, where Isabelle and Maia had moved to walk side by side, their head bent tog
Ray Bradbury|I've written about 2,000 short stories; I've only published 300 and I feel I'm still learning. Any man who keeps working is not a failure. He may not be a great writer, but if he applies the old fashioned virtues of hard, constant labor, he'll eventually make some kind of career for himself as a writer.Ray Bradbury, 1967 interview(Doing the Math - that means for every story he sold, he wrote six "un-publishable" ones. Keep typing!)
Anton Rubaclini|If you want to catch your dreams, you have to drop your fears.
Emily Dickinson|In the total darkness, poetry is still there, and it is there for you.
Roxy Harte, Sacred Secrets|You look extra beautiful tonight, Ker.” “It’s the collar.” “Maybe. I think it’s the happiness. You wear it well.” “It’s the same thing.
David Wilkerson|The god of love lives in a state of need. It is a need. It is an urge. It is a homeostatic imbalance. Like hunger and thirst, it's almost impossible to stamp out.
Christina Dodd, Because I'm Watching|Do I detect a renewal of your fighting spirit? I'm so glad. To tell the truth, I've been getting quite bored. Bring it on, Grace--I'm waiting for you.
Peter Singer|I'm a believer in belief. Faith is something that works - it causes people to do things, it has results. It's an intangible, indefinable, very real thing. And it moves people, sometimes to atrocity. And sometimes to survival.
Andy Paula|Moriarty rarely smiled,and then usually to terrify some poor victim. The first time I heard him laugh, I thought he had been struck by a deadly poison and the stutter escaping through his locked jaws was a death rattle.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|Over the green squares of the fields and the low curves of a wood there rose in the distance a grey, melancholy hill, with a strange jagged summit, dim and vague in the distance like some fantastic landscape in a dream. Baskerville sat for a long time, his gaze fixed upon it, and I read upon his eager face how much it meant to him, this first sight of that strange spot where the men of his blood had held sway so long and left their mark so deep.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Examining the background of anyone can bring skeletons to our attention; a blot on the landscape can mar all what pleases the eye. This is how Malcolm Price was perceived by those who would stand back in fear of what he was all about, yet nothing could be further from the truth!
Hiro Mashima|If you are a guild, take care of your friends. That is all I have to say.
Efdal Korkmaz|This place is just a trailer for a film, Brandon. Our lives here. Heaven is like the movie. Except there’s only one trailer before the movie. And the movie won’t ever end.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|Nothing whets the intelligence more than a passionate suspicion, nothing develops all the faculties of an immature mind more than a trail running away into the dark.
Frank Morton McMurry, How to Study and Teaching How to Study|There is one right thing for the student to do, that is, to develop the habit of weighing worths, of sensing the relative values of the facts that he meets.
Luis Fonsi|I'm not a social singer. But if one can take a social message via the romantic, that's a strong statement.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Lonely people have enthusiasms which cannot always be explained. When something strikes them as funny, the intensity and length of their laughter mirrors the depth of their loneliness, and they are capable of laughing like hyenas. When something touches their emotions, it runs through them like Paul Revere, awakening feelings that gather into great armies.
Debora L. Spar, Wonder Women: Sex, Power, and the Quest for Perfection|[She] discovered what feminism intended to be about, or at least a piece of what it promised to the generations who followed blindly in its wake. The freedom to live one's life apart from any prescribed pathway. The ability to love men and children and jobs but not lose one's self to them. The opportunity to embrace choices rather than just have them.
Luvvie Ajayi, I'm Judging You: The Do-Better Manual|Astrophil and Stella," he said, taking my hand. "The name 'Astrophil' is derived from two Greek words that, when combined, mean 'star-lover.'""So, what does that mean?"Oliver tilted his head and looked up at the sky. "That Stella is the star of his life.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Some people are married to ideas that they do not love, ideas that do not love them in return. They are married to ideas they do not sleep with, ideas that rob them of their sleep.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't accommodate complains in your chamber, else you have a sleepless and restless night. Keep them away and fall in love with actions for solution!
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|Why can't I go to Idris with you, then?Because it's not safe for you thereO and it's safe for me here? I've been nearly killed almost a dozen times in the past month.That's because Valentine has been concentrating on the two Mortal Instruments that were here. He's going to shift his focus to Idris now. We all know it--We're hardly as certain of anything as all that. And the Clave wants to meet Clarissa. You know that, Jace.The Clave can screw itself.
Michael Jackson|You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|When witnesses concoct lies, they often miss the obvious.
Chester Brown, Paying for It|Making out with Marcus had always felt like a race to the finish line, but with Diego I felt like I'd already won.
Richard Ford|It's odd to imagine, of course: you pass a car on a lonely rural highway; you sit beside a man in a diner and share views with him; you wait behind a customer checking into a motel, a friendly man with a winning smile and twinkling hazel eyes, who's happy to fill you in on his life's story and wants you to like him - odd to think this man is cruising around with a loaded pistol, making up his mind about which bank he'll soon rob.' - Richard Ford, Canada
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Home was a refuge for me, a place I could truly relax.
Richard Dawkins|The internet could be a very positive step towards education, organisation and participation in a meaningful society.
Dorothy Corkille Briggs|The house of Austria has publicly used every effort to deprive the country of its legitimate Independence and Constitution, designing to reduce it to a level with the other provinces long since deprived of all freedom, and to unite all in a common sink of slavery.
Elie Wiesel|If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.
Jennifer Walkup, Second Verse|The blank sheet stares up at me, its emptiness like a slap. Those were the last words Ginny ever wrote before she and her family were murdered.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|No matter what happens, no matter who turns on me, no matter what pompous swine thinks he has power over me, I am still me. I will always be me.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Letters and Papers from Prison|We have been silent witnesses of evil deeds; we have been drenched by many storms; we have learnt the arts of equivocation and pretence; experience has made us suspicious of others and kept us from being truthful and open; intolerable conflicts have worn us down and even made us cynical. Are we still of any use? What we shall need is not geniuses, or cynics, or misanthropes, or clever tacticians, but plain, honest, and straightforward men. Will our inward power of resistance be strong enough, and our honesty with ourselves remorseless enough, for us to find our way back to simplicity and straightforwardness?
John Mark Green|My heart had been a darkened room for so very long, but then you found the light switch.
Karen Salmansohn|You know what's just as powerful as a good cup of coffee in the morning? Starting your day with some good, loving thoughts. It can change how your whole day unfolds.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Longing surged up within me. I wanted it. Oh God, I wanted it. I didn't want to hear Jerome chastise me for my "all lowlifes, all the time" seduction policy. I wanted to come home and tell someone about my day. I wanted to go out dancing on the weekends. I wanted to take vacations together. I wanted someone to hold me when I was upset, when the ups and downs of the world pushed me too far. I wanted someone to love. 
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|If you don't need what you really want, you can barely want what you really need.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|It wasn't that she was sad—sadness had very little to do with it, really, considering that most of the time, she felt close to nothing at all. Feeling required nerves, connections, sensory input. The only thing she felt was numb. And tired. Yes, she very frequently felt tired.
the Lady of the Nail|They say when you meet somebody that looks just like you, you die.
Ahmed Ben Bella|Every year 3.1 million Indian children die before the age of 5, mostly from diseases of poverty like diarrhea.
Cheryl Drake Harris, Lily's Ghost|It's so funny castle, you know, at first I loved that he was so busy. It just, it just gave me the opportunity to keep one foot out the door just on case.But with one foot out the door, it's hard to know where you stand. And even if I did what does it mean?
John Zimmer|It is high time that the Palestinian people restore their freedom and independence. It is high time that the decades, the long decades of suffering and pain would stop.
Denis Villeneuve|If I wanted to have total control and be a dictator, I would do ice sculpture in my basement. If I want to make a movie, I'm going to work with 500 people, and I will have to work with their strength and their weakness.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|I just don't want them to change me, if I'm going to die I still want to be me.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror|I was driven to reflect deeply and inveterately on that hard law of life, which lies at the root of religion and is one of the most plentiful springs of distress. Though so profound a double-dealer, I was in no sense a hypocrite; both sides of me were in dead earnest; I was no more myself when I laid aside restraint and plunged in shame, than when I laboured, in the eye of day, at the futherance of knowledge or the relief of sorrow and suffering.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|Arch your back, Alisa – show me that gorgeous ass. Show me what belongs to me.”Your voice is enthralling; an intoxicating sound of pleasure andauthority. I obey willingly, closing my eyes as I do so. I want you to useme. I need you to take what belongs to you. I spread my legs even furtherapart, using the wall to keep me in place and push my glistening pussy outtowards you.
Seth Shostak|'Dating Game' wasn't social commentary, political analysis, Shakespearean-level drama or even blunt-force comedy. It was just the televised equivalent of meeting someone at a bar. But it appealed to our most basic Darwinian instinct: selecting a good mate. You can't go wrong when a show's premise is hard-wired into human DNA.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|You were gullible," he said. And then, "When you were really little, you hated carrots. You wouldn't eat them. But then I told you that if you ate carrots, you'd get X-ray vision. And you believed me. You believed everything I said." I did. I really did. I believed him when he said that carrots could give me X-ray vision. I believed him when he told me that he'd never cared about me. And then, later that night, when he tried to take it back, I guess I believed him again. Now I didn't know what to believe. I just knew I didn't believe in him anymore.
Roy T. Bennett|To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.
Vincent Cassel|We link our future to the euro, to the euro zone, and to the European Union while being the nearest neighbor of the United Kingdom with, obviously, a common travel area and a very close working relationship with the U.K.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Dad thinks I'm ready to fly around the country as the Ambassador of Hope, but Mom thinks I'm a frail little bird with broken wings.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|The easiest thing on the life is to make question, but the difficulties one it’s to answer it.
Edwin H. Stuart|You must learn to ignore what people say,” Sebastian murmured, coming to her. Standing behind her, he rested his fingers lightly on her shoulders, causing her to start a little. “You’ll be much happier that way.” Suddenly his voice was tipped with amusement. “I’ve learned that while gossip about others is often true, it’s never true when it is about oneself.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|There will always be a pain in 'goodbyes'. No matter how much we seem to understand everything, it breaks our hearts to ever see anything beautiful die.
Miley Cyrus|The best, most beautiful, and most perfect way that we have of expressing a sweet concord of mind to each other is by music.
Philip Roth|Alvin didn't cry, didn't curse, didn't holler.... He was too far gone to roar on that day or even to crack. Only I did.... Only I cracked, alone, later in the one place in our house where I knew I could go to be apart from the living and all that they cannot not do.
Dr. Seuss, The Lorax|You can never be defeated in life, you are a learner.
Debasish Mridha|The beauty of a face is transient, but the beauty of a heart is everlasting and magnificent.
Vanessa Hudgens|India lends itself well to fictionalization, but ultimately, it all depends on the writer's imagination.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, your message, mindset and mandate is connected to your brand, business and brain.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|You ask yourself when you’ll learn, and the answer is always,“Tomorrow.
Logan Pearsall Smith|I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a drink.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Things are pretty, graceful, rich, elegant, handsome, but, until they speak to the imagination, not yet beautiful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever you want, you can create with your imagination.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|That's the most pathetic part of being a human, the emotions you don't ask for or want, they just rush you anyway.
Karen Blixen|As I stood on the lonely backroad, I'm sure I heard birds, kookaburras, laughing ...
D.D. Prince, Detour|I found the words at the back of a drawer,wrapped in black cloth, like three ringsslipped from a dead woman’s hand, cold,dull gold. I had held them before,years ago,then put them away, forgetting whatever it wasI could use them to say. I touched the first to my lips,like a pledge, like a kiss,and my breathwarmed them, the words I needed to utter this, small words,and few. I rubbed at them till they gleamed in my palm –I love you, I love you, I love you –as though they were new."Finding the Words
Paul O'Grady|In a romantic comedy, it's usually a good idea to have people who can't stand the fact that they are attracted to each other.
Meeta Ahluwalia|Those who tried to fill the void with passion, were engulfed by it’s flames.
Anurag Anand|Change the world, I know I won’t,Enthralling as always I hope it remains,A kaleidoscope of joy, sorrow and pain.But my only wish as I take this jaunt,Is for my words on you to impress upon,A smile, a tear or even an angry frown.
Tim Duncan|A man filled with the love of God is not content with blessing his family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your real self may be hiding somewhere, look for it within, when you find yourself, you can freely be what you want to be.
Louie Giglio, The Comeback: It's Not Too Late and You're Never Too Far|There is no cancer, no sickness, no sin, no reversal of fortunes, no curse, no heartache - nothing - that's greater than Jesus. Jesus heals. Jesus restores. Jesus brings life.
James C. Scott|Encouragement of sedentarism is perhaps the oldest "state project," a project related to the second-oldest state project of taxation.
DaShanne Stokes|Every little thing makes a difference, whether you decide it yourself or whether it’s pure accident. So many people have had the whole course of their lives changed by something perfectly simple like, let’s say, crossing the street at one point instead of another.”“Yes, yes, yes, I know,” Stenham said with exaggerated weariness. “As far as I’m concerned that’s just as boring, and a lot more false, by the way. The point I’m trying to make is that he loves his world of Koranic law because it’s his, and at the same time he hates it because his intuition tells him it’s at the end of its rope. He can’t expect anything more from it. And our world, he hates that too, just on general principles, and yet it’s his only hope, the only way out—if there is one for him personally, which I doubt.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|How did these organs of plant sex manage to get themselves cross-wired with human ideas of value and status and Eros? And what might our ancient attraction for flowers have to teach us about the deeper mysteries of beauty - what one poet has called "this grace wholly gratuitous"? Is that what it is? Or does beauty have a purpose? (64)
Ally Fleming, Conquered|Grant pressed his back against the outside wall of the turquoise and white two-story home he and a team of Miami PD officers were about to storm. On the surface the place fit in perfectly into the upper middle class neighborhood. On the inside, however, it was a fully functioning cocaine lab.
Cornell Woolrich|But there was nothing. No village or town as far as her eyes could strain. Nowhere for her saviours to come from and take her to; just fields and trees and the weeping arc of the river Greave all the way to the horizon. Just like in the books, Greaveburn was all there was; building and building until streets were foundations, roofs were floors, constantly climbing away from itself. now that Abrasia saw it, her dream of escape crumbled completely like an ancient map in her fingers. The horizon was the world's edge and there was nothing beyond it but mist and falling.Greaveburn stood alone on this little circle of earth, the river running around and into itself like a snake eating its tail. And Abrasia was doomed to watch the sun and stars trade places for all eternity.
Ron Perlman|My advice to an aspiring actor would be to never stop learning or working for what you want. Nothing comes easy, ever, if you want something, you have to work for it. By working for it I mean work on your craft, learn from people who have something to teach. It's just like anything else, practice makes perfect.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|What was the purpose, then, of everything they taught in here? If it couldn't prevent men from acting like monsters?
Ladyaslan|Hush baby,I got you. No more talking.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you are doing, do with love.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are not honored for the fruit you pick, but for the trees you plant.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Like animals we call to each other," was the thought that came to him as he remembered the hour of love in the afternoon.
Mahatma Gandhi|If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
David Gemmell, Dark Moon|How many hopes and dreams are trapped within these bones? How many wonders lie never to be discovered? This is what war is. Desolation, despair and loss. There are no victors.
Ron White|Chadron had a water tower, grain elevators, a tanning salon, a video rental store, a small liberal arts college, a Hardee's, a stoplight, and a curling yellow sign in the pet store window that read, 'Hamsters and Tarantulas Featured Today.'
Bob Newhart|Pamela, I’m in love with you. Yeah, it’s that bad. You’re so beautiful to me. Shut up! Lemme tell you. Let me. Every time I look at your face or even remember it, it wrecks me - and the way you are with me - and you’re just fun and you shit all over me and you make fun of me and you’re real. I don’t have enough time in any day to think about you enough. I feel like I’m going to live a thousand years cause that’s how long it’s gonna take me to have one thought about you which is that I’m crazy about you, Pamela. I don’t wanna be with anybody else. I don’t. I really don’t. I don’t think about women anymore. I think about you. I had a dream the other night that you and I were on a train. We were on this train and you were holding my hand. That’s the whole dream. You were holding my hand and I felt you holding my hand. I woke up and I couldn’t believe it wasn’t real. I’m sick in love with you, Pamela. It’s like a condition. It’s like polio. I feel like I’m gonna die if I can’t be with you. And I can’t be with you. So I’m gonna die - and I don’t care cause I was brought into existence to know you and that’s enough. The idea that you would want me back it’s like greedy.
Tanya Masse|Sometimes, God brings His greatest rains with a storm. Sometimes, God brings His greatest blessings with your difficulty.
Phil Klay|No city owns me, you know what I'm saying? I'm from New York, but no city owns me. Nobody can bottle up my sound and box me in. Yes, I am a rapper, but am I a New York rapper? No. I am from New York, I love New York to death, but I will not conform myself to one place, no.
Sue Tetzlaff, The Employee Experience: A Capstone Guide to Peak Performance|It takes healthy, resilient leaders and employees to achieve great results.
John Fowles, The Tree|We shall never fully understand nature (or ourselves), and certainly never respect it, until we dissociate the wild from the notion of usability - however innocent and harmless the use. For it is the general uselessness of so much of nature that lies at the root of our ancient hostility and indifference to it.
rassool jibraeel snyman|You never feel good when you lie. It doesn't matter how much you want something, if you lie to somebody you love, and they actually, sincerely believe you, you feel like a cockroach that needs some serious Raid action.
Hilary Mantel|It's not easy to diagnose because depending where the endometrial deposits are, the symptoms can be quite different. It's an unrecognized problem among teenage girls, and it's something that every young woman who has painful menstruation should be aware of ... it's a condition that is curable if it's caught early. If not, if it's allowed to run on, it can cause infertility, and it can really mess up your life.[Author Hilary Mantel on being asked about being a writer with endometriosis, Nov 2012 NPR interview]
A.J. Beirens|On the sixth day god created man,on the seventh day man created god.Now we are even.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Before I only wanted to change the world. I still want that, but it was ironic how I never wanted to change myself. Yet that's where revolutions start! And it's the only way revolutions can continue, if we keep looking inward, looking at how others might see us. That's what happened when I met Sofia. I saw myself the way she saw me.
Stephen Richards|We are the generation of Social Media, Our biggest Revolution is a Tweet of 141 Characters.
|The most important thing you have in life is your God's given destiny. With that being said, dare not to ever permit people or things to take it away from you.
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|My heart is shattered, an all that's left are jagged shards.
Jamie McGuire, Eden|I always feel sad for the girl that I was, because it never occurred to me that my mother might comfort me. She has never told me she loved me, and I never assumed she did. She tended to me. She administrated me.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|I am slightly offended by the way busy working women my age are presented in film. I'm not, like, always barking orders into my hands-free phone device and telling people constantly, "I have no time for this!" I didn't completely forget how to be nice and feminine because I have a career.
Amélie Nothomb, Stupeur et tremblements|Society conspires against her from early infancy. Her brain is steadily filled with plaster until it sets: ‘If you’re not married by the time you’re twenty-five, you’ll have good reason to be ashamed’; ‘if you laugh, you won’t look dignified’ ; ‘if your face betrays your feelings, you’ll look coarse’; ‘if you mention the existence of a single body hair, you’re repulsive’ ; ‘if a boy kisses you on the cheek in public, you’re a whore’; if you enjoy eating, you’re a pig’; ‘if you take pleasure in sleeping, you’re no better than a cow’; and so on.These precepts would be merely anecdotal if they weren’t taken so much to heart.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|An emotion clamped down on her heart. It squeezed her into a terrible silence. But he said nothing after that, only her name, as if her name were not a name but a question. Or perhaps that it wasn’t how he had said it, and she was wrong, and she’d heard a question simply because the sound of him speaking her name made her wish that she were his answer.
Orson De Witt, Earth Won't Miss You|It was odd to look for forgiveness and acceptance in my own head at first, but now I understood – it was the only place to look.
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|If you are worrying about reputation, you are taking time away from doing the things that really matter.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|You must forgive my Hunters if they do not welcome you," Artemis said. "It is very rare that we would have boys in this camp. Boys are usually forbidden to have any contact with the Hunters. The last one to see this camp…" She looked at Zoe. "Which one was it?"That boy in Colorado," Zoe said. "You turned him into a jackalope."Ah, yes." Artemis nodded, satisfied. "I enjoy making jackalopes.
Erika Eichenseer, The Turnip Princess and Other Newly Discovered Fairy Tales|The presentation scene itself we skip. It is not a good idea to interrupt the narrative too often, since storytelling works by lulling the reader or listener into a dreamlike state in which the time and space of the real world fade away, superseded by the time and space of the fiction. Breaking into the dream draws attention to the constructedness of the story, and plays havoc with the realist illusion. However, unless certain scenes are skipped over we will be here all afternoon. The skips are not part of the text, they are part of the performance.
Franz Kafka|I am as I am, and that's all there is to it, I can hardly take a pair of scissors to myself, and cut out a different person...
Patton Oswalt, Zombie Spaceship Wasteland|Sitti knows that modern-day wars are fought over simple things, like the length and fit of a shirt—the shorter the sleeve, the greater the misfortune. Many times she wants to ask the one-hundred-year-old fig tree in the village center what it is like to be born from nothing and grow into something. She wants to know what it is like to bear fruit every year and not expect anything in return. She wants to know what it is like to be respected for what she could give—no more and no less.
Charlotte Eriksson|The sea is a body in a thousand ways that don't add up, because adding is too stable a transaction for that flux, but the waves come in in a roar and then ebb, almost silent but for the fain suck of sand and snap of bubbles, over and over, a heartbeat rhythm, the sea always this body turned inside out and opened to the sky, the body always a sea folded in on itself, a nautical chart folded into a paper cup.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|Life is like a game - we should be curious to play it - you explore and learn and grow - that is what it is for - that and having fun. It all expands consciousness- your own, the collective, and the cosmic.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|The moon seemed to veil herself before the bold looks of Satan. The night was cold. All the doors were closed, all the windows darkened. and the streets deserted. From their appearance, one would have imagined that, for a long time past no foot had traversed those silent streets. Everything around us bore a death-like aspect. It seemed as if, when day came, no one would open their doors; that no head, of woman or of child, would look out of those dark, dull windows; that no step would break the silence which fell, like a pall, upon all around. I seemed to be walking in a city which had been buried some ages. In truth, the town seemed to have been depopulated, and the cemetery to have grown full.Still we went forward, without hearing a murmur, or meeting even with a shadow. The street stretched for a long way across this fearful city of silence and repose. At last we reached my house.'You remember it?' said the fiend.'Yes,' replied I, sullenly, 'let us enter.' 'First,' said he, 'we must open the door. It is I, by the way, who invented the science of opening doors without breaking them in. In fact, I have a second key to all doors and gates - with one exception - that of Paradise!
R.L.S.|there are these places on your poem, / where I want to write bodies.
Emmett Spain, Old Haunts:  A London City Novel|Stop!” she screamed. “Don’t hurt him.”“Back off!” Billy shouted.She yanked harder on Billy’s arm.“He isn’t a vampire anymore, idiot. Look! Do you see that big, yellow thing up in the sky? That’s called the sun. It’s shining down on him, and he isn’t exploding. His fangs are gone. He’s as human as we are. Case closed.”Billy stared up at the sky, his jaw slack. “Not possible.”Jack mumbled, “They don’t call me Jackpot for nothing.”“What?” Billy blinked at him.“Private joke.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Mom. I have something to tell you. I’m undead. Now, I know you may have some preconceived notions about the undead. I know you may not be comfortable with the idea of me being undead. But I’m here to tell you that undead are just like you and me … well, okay. Possibly more like me than you.
Lionel Messi|On the one hand, there are individual actions such as throwing, pushing, touching, rubbing. It is these individual actions that give rise most of the time to abstraction from objects.
Seneca|It takes the whole of life to learn how to live, and--what will perhaps make you wonder more--it takes the whole of life to learn how to die.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When enter the whole new world, men will deal with new science.To embrace a new science, men need to get used to new wisdom.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|That's where we start making changes From the deepest and softest.It's not the world that we needed to change It is the people who inhabit the world. It's not machines that we need to change. It is the people who use those machines. Even with people we can start the change from the softer things such as the way we breathe, and the way we feel about or toward other people and other living beings. These soft parts shape Our behaviors and our choices, both on a personal and a global scale. In this respect, they are fundamental, more so than any material changes.
Van Morrison|You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.
Douglas Coupland, JPod|I did NOT have three thousand pairs of shoes, I had one thousand and sixty.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|I recently read in the book My Stroke of Insight by brain scientist Jill Bolte Taylor that the natural life span of an emotion—the average time it takes for it to move through the nervous system and body—is only a minute and a half. After that we need thoughts to keep the emotion rolling. So if we wonder why we lock into painful emotional states like anxiety, depression, or rage, we need look no further than our own endless stream of inner dialogue.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Like most modern people, I don't believe in prophecy or magic and then spend half my time practicing it.
Jenny B. Jones, I'll Be Yours|I don’t even care enough to set the record straight. It was hilarious, what a huge liar she was. She actually believed her own bullshit.
Laura     Miller, By Way of Accident|A part of me will probably always be waitin’ for her. And even when I get to the end of this life and she’s not there, I think I’ll still just wait. It’s the cruel reality of love, I think—that once you find it, it’s yours to carry. And even if you lose it and never find it back again, I think you still just keep on carrying it...and waitin’—long after the curtain closes.
Mihail Sebastian, For Two Thousand Years|Who reads? Not that I begrudge my life in book. All I know about the world I've learned from them. But a description of a tree is not a tree, and a thousand paper kisses will never equal the feel of Olly's lips against mine.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|All that evening he talked to the Candle of Arras, in a low confidential tone. When you get down to it, he thought, there's not much difference between politics and sex; it's all aboutpower. He didn't suppose he was the first person in the world to make this observation. It's a question of seduction, and how fast and cheap you can effect it: if Camille, he thought, approximates to one of those little milliners who can't make ends meet - in other words, an absolute pushover - then Robespierre is a Carmelite, mind set on becoming Mother Superior. You can't corrupt her; you can wave your cock under her nose, and she's neither shocked nor interested: why should she be, when she hasn't the remotest ideawhat it's for?
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|Whatever sex is, and it is at least a profound mystery, is easily misused. The primary psychological purpose of sex for those men who spend their lives in the cold, cruel world, and whose relationship with their own anima is frigid, is to reconnect with a warm place. Sex is a form of emotional reassurance, a narcotic to still the pain of the bruised soul. If life batters them, then sex, like drugs or work, may numb the wound. The sexual act offers a momentary transcendence. Orgasm can be an ecstatic experience; for the moment one may feel outside the iron confines of ordinary consciousness. It is the closest many men ever come to a religious experience. Thus the act of sex may mask a desperate search for acceptance, underneath whiсh lurks the mother complex.
Bob Shaw, Ship Of Strangers|Drop. Your weapon. And. Come quietly,” said a robotic voice. “Kiss. My ass,” said Zita, mocking the robot’s tone.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|States are far less violent than traditional bands and tribes. Modern Western countries, even in their most war-torn centuries, suffered no more than around a quarter of the average death rate of nonstate societies, and less than a tenth of that for the most violent one.
Diego Costa|I think I got into travelling because it was so not in my blood, so against my tendency to just stay put because my dad just hated going on holidays, because, as I've said in many essays, the thing that he hated more than anything else in life was spending money. And as soon as you leave your home, you're spending money.
Kellyn Roth, The Lady of the Vineyard|The Bible never speaks of God's grace as simply making up our deficiencies--as if salvation consists in so much good works (even a variable amount) plus so much of God's grace. Rather the Bible speaks of "a God who justifies the wicked" (Romans 4:5) who is found by those who do not seek Him, who reveals Himself to those who do not ask for Him (see Romans 10:20).
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|Dostoyevsky's indignation at Afanasy Fet's innocent lyrics, "Whispers, timid breath, the nightingales trilled," is well known. This is simply disgraceful, wrote Dostoyevsky indignantly, and he speculated what an insulting impression such empty verses would have made if they'd been given to someone to read during the Lisbon earthquake! Some people protested: Yes, of course, Dostoyevsky is right, but we aren't having an earthquake, and we aren't in Lisbon, and after all, are we not allowed to love, to listen to nightingales, to admire the beauty of a beloved woman? But Dostoyevsky's argument held sway for a long time. It did so because of the way Russians perceive Russian life: as a constant, unending Lisbon earthquake.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Experience and Demonstrate the Agape Love, is far more than Gold - Go for it
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and the future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line. You will pardon some obscurities, for there are more secrets in my trade than in most men's, and yet not voluntarily kept, but inseparable from its very nature.
James Allen|Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|There is no harvest without hard work, therefore never expect chance to solve your problems of abject need for you. You must take deliberate actions!
Benjamin R.  Smith|The Angel of Death is always a young person, or a group of young people, you'll begin seeing them left and right soon.
Gavin Extence|I’ve brought you some things from home,’ I said, gesturing at the bag on the floor. ‘Some clothes and books – things like that.’‘Books – great! That’ll make things easier. You know I can’t read worth a damn right now!’‘There’s also some music. Schubert’s fifth, Mendelssohn’s third, Mozart’s Clarinet Concerto, Mahler’s fourth—’‘I would have preferred his sixth.’‘You’re not well enough for his sixth'.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|The gap between compassion and surrender is love’s darkest, deepest region.
P.C. Cast, Betrayed|Remember, darkness does not always equate to evil, just as light does not always bring good.
Anomymous pastor and myself|I had never really thought of marriages as things that involved liking. I had just assumed this man-woman arrangement was yet another adult quirk, like flossing.
Mona Caird, The Daughters of Danaus|The world is full of tragedy; and sympathy, a little common sympathy, can do so much to soften the worst of grief. It is for the lack of that, that people despair and go down.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|If you drive a car, I'll tax the street;if you try to sit, I'll tax your seat; if you get too cold, I'll tax the heat; if you take a walk, I'll tax your feet.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Reality’s functional flow can never be debated: reality manifests as it does regardless of individual recognition of its value-based inter-active function. Only simulated notions about reality – creeds, definitions, assumptions, paradigms – can be argued over. And that debate knows neither end nor resolution, as each arguing party hosts a personally customized fantasy – with each appearing unwaveringly valid to the holder.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|I want people to know that I am a real person who exists in a real world. I am not a raped girl or victim. I had a life before that evening and I will continue to have a life. What happened with me that night will stay with me but if it has not killed me, it has made me stronger. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Sadashivan Nair, Negative-Positive and We|What we decide does not mean will always happen, so be content with what you are
Lemony Snicket|One of the world's most tiresome questions is what object one would bring to a desert island,because people always answer "a deck of cards" or "Anna Karenina" when the obvious answer is "a well equipped boat and a crew to sail me off the island and back home where I can play all the card games and read all the Russian novels I want.
Julian Lennon|By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|She'd slept terribly the night before. The room, the bed, were both comfortable enough, but she'd been plagued with strange dreams, the sort that lingered upon waking but slithered away from memory as she tried to grasp them. Only the tendrils of discomfort remained.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|A person's faith goes at its own pace. The trouble with church is the service. A service is conducted for a mass audience. Just when I start to like the hymn, everyone plops down to pray. Just when I start to hear the prayer, everyone pops up to sing. And what does the stupid sermon have to do with God? Who knows what God thinks of current events? Who cares?
Jaeda DeWalt|It can be difficult to leave a long-term relationship, even when our inner-wisdom tells us it's time to let go. At this point, we can choose let go and endure the intense pain of leaving behind the familiar to make way for a new chapter in our life. Or we can stay and suffer a low-grade pain that slowly eats away at our heart and soul, like an emotional cancer. Until we wake up, one day and realize, we are buried so deep in the dysfunction of the relationship that we scarcely remember who we were and what we wanted and needed to be.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Maybe it’s not about having a beautiful day, but about finding beautiful moments. Maybe a whole day is just too much to ask. I could choose to believe that in every day, in all things, no matter how dark and ugly, there are shards of beauty if I look for them.
Ted Michael, Crash Test Love|Somehow everything I own smells of you, and for the tiniest moment it's all not true
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|As always, she was carrying the washing. Rudy was carrying two buckets of cold water, or as he put it, two buckets of future ice.
Terence McKenna|The fear of death is why we build cathedrals, have children, declare war, and watch cat videos online at three a.m.
Yogi Berra|In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But in practice, there is.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|He laughed and the others laughed with him, except Babe, who resented slightly that what he felt so deeply could be reduced to a humor.
Blake Shelton|I'm definitely old-school when it comes to dating. I'm not into the 'game' so much. If I like you, I'll confront you and be open about it. Then I expect you to come after me.
James Hannaham, Delicious Foods|Family is not just blood. It is the person who stands with you when the odds are impossible, the one who cries with you when your sadness is overwhelming. The individual who sacrifice of their time, talent and care just to let you know you are not alone. These are people that are also your family. They have the blood of the soul running in their veins. The same soul you have
Waris Dirie|Times of transition are strenuous, but I love them. They are an opportunity to purge, rethink priorities, and be intentional about new habits. We can make our new normal any way we want.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Today is a new day! Let today be the day you free your mind from the prison of self doubt. Your thoughts can either hinder you or propel you to the next level. Precautions are necessary to maintain your safety and well-being. But fear and precautions are two different things. When you are afraid your doubt is increased. Do what makes you happy in order to satisfy the core of your existence. Fear: to be afraid of something or someone whether the threat is real or imaginedPrecaution: a measure taken in advance to prevent something from happening, prudent foresightDoubt:a feeling of uncertainty or lack of conviction
Sade Andria Zabala, Coffee and Cigarettes|I am starting to acceptthat you never loved me.And it's sadbecause I don't think you seehow beautiful you are to me.Your face was the lightthat chased away the shadows,every nightmare, every fear.But you burned out and nowI'm learning to be afraidof the dark once again.
Amit Ray|Deep down, nature is inherently peaceful, calm and beautiful. The universe as a whole is perfect. The chaos is on the surface.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz|Obama is thoroughly mixed up with all these things he's got. He's got to solve Libya. He's got to solve Afghanistan. He's everywhere. And this nation, I don't know why it's not showing the leadership and capacity to attend different issues at the same time.
Kevin Murray|Inspiring leadership communication is not about great oratory or great charisma; rather it is about getting others to believe in themselves and believe in your cause, and then achieve more than they thought was possible.
Dean Young, Fall Higher|I love Shark Week, where all kids under 12 swim for free
Camille Paglia|The men and women of Afghanistan are building a nation that is free, and proud, and fighting terror - and America is honored to be their friend.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If we don't fight hard enough for the things we stand for, at some point we have to recognize that we don't really stand for them.
R.C. Sproul, Chosen By God: Know God's Perfect Plan for His Glory and His Children|Never be content with your current grasp of the gospel. The gospel is the life-permeating, world-altering, universe-changing truth. It has more facets than a diamond. It's depths man will never exhaust.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|I mean, it's not surprising, really. Once you love something, you always love it in some way. You have to. It's, like, part of you for good.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|There’s magic and metaphors in music superior to any other art form. An exquisite alchemy is involved in mixing pieces of your self and soul into the precisely perfect blend of harmonies, melodies, and lyrics that strike a chord.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|So if you choose me, then you have declared me more special to you than anyone else, because only one man can have that honor.
Eduardo Galeano, Open Veins of Latin America: Five Centuries of the Pillage of a Continent|He tried to read an elementary economics text; it bored him past endurance, it was like listening to somebody interminably recounting a long and stupid dream. He could not force himself to understand how banks functioned and so forth, because all the operations of capitalism were as meaningless to him as the rites of a primitive religion, as barbaric, as elaborate, and as unnecessary. In a human sacrifice to deity there might be at least a mistaken and terrible beauty; in the rites of the moneychangers, where greed, laziness, and envy were assumed to move all men's acts, even the terrible became banal.
Tamara Hoffa, A Special Kind of Love|Anabelle knew she was feeling too much, too fast. That was dangerous. Especially with a guy like Giorgio.
Johnny Mathis|My mom and dad always tried to make Christmas special for us. We were poor, but it's funny because we had no idea.
J'son M. Lee|People need to learn the art of making an argument. Often there is no right or wrong. It's just your opinion vs someone else's opinion. How you deliver that opinion could make the difference between opening a mind, changing an opinion or shutting the door. Sometimes folk just don't know when they've "argued" enough. Learn when to shut up.
Jim George|Politicians compete for the highest offices. Business tycoons scramble for a bigger and bigger piece of the pie. Armies march and scientists study and philosophers philosophise and preachers preach and labourers sweat. But in that silent baby, lying in that humble manger, there pulses more potential power and wisdom and grace and aliveness than all the rest of us can imagine.
K.W. Jeter, Infernal Devices|What is the future going to be like, then?' 'Hey, it's gonna be a gas,' Scape assured me. 'If you're into machines and stuff - like I am - you'd go for it. People are gonna have all kinds of shit. Do whatever they want with it. That's why it didn't faze me when ol' Bendray first told me about wanting to blow up the world. Hey - in the Future, everybody will want to!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your body language is your primary language—and one that every person understands! Although it is non-verbal, evidence suggests that our body language and tone of voice can have a bigger impact and account for more of our communication than the words we speak.
RVM|Waves in an ocean remind us that just as they come and go, we too will. What matters is did we make a good splash before leaving?
Ani DiFranco|I don't like my language watered down, I don't like my edges rounded off.
Gerry Abbey, Cheers, Beers, and Eastern Promise|As the silence returned, I sat back and felt the tension ease away; I hadn’t even known I was tense. A few moments passed and once again the cycling fan laced in with the clanging chains and mixed with the rumbling mower and the buzzing insects.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Because the truth is, while bulimia is a devastating illness I would wish upon no one, it has taught me about the fragility of life and the vital need for compassion. Today, I’m quick to love and throw my arms around any girl who has ever stared at a puddle of her own vomit and questioned the point of her life. Or who has ever let a Photoshopped image on a glossy magazine preach to her about her own self-worth, her own beauty. Or who has ever been afraid to face the pain and suffering, within and outside of herself.Today, I’m quick to love.
Seneca|Are you indoctrinated?Think of anything you believe in be it religious or social, like economic systems or systems of government, etc., and think if you had ALL the information about what you believe in, and ALL the information about all the other/rival systems, and remember if you chose to adopt the one or the other by critical thinking or objective reasoning…No? …
Stephen Fry, The Liar|He's your enemy, Donald!''He most certainly is not,' said Trefusis. 'Not unless I say so. He may dearly want to be my enemy, he may beg on bended knee for open hostility of the most violent kind, but it takes two to tangle. I choose my own enemies.
Henny Youngman|Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A box sits empty,wanting to hold and protect.Hollow tears it cries.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|My love for you reaches beyond the borders of continents, so vast in scope that I would cross oceans to be with you.Yes, but does that same love penetrate so deep as to dare thee to sink to the oceans' depths to fin
Ann Patchett|Reading fiction is important. It is a vital means of imagining a life other than our own, which in turn makes us more empathetic beings. Following complex story lines stretches our brains beyond the 140 characters of sound-bite thinking, and staying within the world of a novel gives us the ability to be quiet and alone, two skills that are disappearing faster than the polar icecaps.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|All right then," said the savage defiantly, I'm claiming the right to be unhappy.""Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent; the right to have syphilis and cancer; the right to have too little to eat, the right to be lousy; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow; the right to catch typhoid; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind." There was a long silence."I claim them all," said the Savage at last.
Toussaint Louverture|I felt deep within me that the highest point a man can attain is not Knowledge or Virtue or Goodness or Victory but something even greater, more heroic and more despairing: Sacred Awe!
Terry McMillan|I think if you follow anyone home, whether they live in Houston or London, and you sit at their dinner table and talk to them about their mother who has cancer or their child who is struggling in school, and their fears about watching their lives go by, I think we're all the same.
Seraphim Rose|We who are given the fullness of true Christianity are obliged to be working on ourselves, to be watching the signs of the times, and to be extremely joyful, as St. Paul is constantly saying: 'Rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say: Rejoice!' (Phil. 4:4). We rejoice because we have something which all the death and corruption of this world cannot take away, that is, the eternal Kingdom of Jesus Christ.
Deyth Banger|He realized that it wouldn’t be much longer before the trees picked themselves up and migrated to the warmer south, leaving their dead, leafless brothers behind.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Some people are lucky to find love, others must settle with being liked...
Harry Truman, Mr. Citizen|Lying there, I thought of my own culture, of the assembly of books in the library at Alexandria; of the deliberations of Darwin and Mendel in their respective gardens; of the architectural conception of the cathedral at Chartres; of Bach's cello suites, the philosophy of Schweitzer, the insights of Planck and Dirac. Have we come all this way, I wondered, only to be dismantled by our own technologies, to be betrayed by political connivance or the impersonal avarice of a corporation?
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|Still others reflected on how quickly the food could be snatched from a man's table, or the child from a woman's breast, or the wife from a man's bedcloset, that no strength of grasp could hold these goods in place. And others remarked to themselves how sweet these goods were, in spite of that, and saw that pleasure lost in every moment is pleasure lost forever.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. We went to the store cupboard to make out, but we ended up sharing our pain and then crying together. We wasn't prepared for this level of intimacy.
Henry Adams, Democracy: An American Novel|Washington was no politician as we understand the word," replied Ratcliffe abruptly. "He stood outside of politics. The thing couldn't be done today. The people don't like that sort of royal airs.
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|... But if I spend [all] my time *reading* about adventures, I won't actually be *having* them.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|You know what's the worst? Having realistic, ordinary expectations taken out of your reach by seemingly unrealistic, extraordinary circumstances.
Sherry Shahan, Ice Island|You die." Thad's voice was heavy; the fire was gone. "It's like everyone has a personal window of time that the gateway to Nil stays open for them. It's always one year. Exactly three hundred sixty-five days. If you miss that window, you're done.
Jordin Sparks|When I was younger, I would go to auditions to have the opportunity to audition, which would mean another chance to get up there and try out my stuff, or try out what I learned and see how it worked with an audience, because where are you gonna get an audience?
pleasefindthis|I love her passionately with a morbid intensity; madly as one can only love a woman who never responds to our love with anything but an eternally uniform, eternally calm, stony smile.
Amit Kalantri|Authority is not a power, it is a responsibility.
Soren Kierkegaard|A person who speaks like a book is exceedingly boring to listen to; sometimes, however, it is not inappropriate to talk in that way. For a book has the remarkable property that it can be interpreted any way you wish. If one talks like a book one’s conversation acquires this property too. I kept quite soberly to the usual formulas. She was surprised, as I’d expected; that can’t be denied. To describe to myself how she looked is difficult. She seemed multifaceted; yes just about like the still to be published but announced commentary to my book, a commentary capable of any interpretation. One word and she would have laughed at me; another and she would have been moved; still another and she would have shunned me; but no such word came to my lips. I remained solemnly unemotional and kept to the ritual.― ‘She had known me for such a short time’, dear God, it’s only on the strait path of engagement one meets such difficulties, not the primrose path of love.”―from_Either/Or: A Fragment of Life_. Abridged, Translated and with an Introduction and Notes by Alastair Hannay, p. 312
Paul Murray|Whatever you do, it will be a path. Life does not work like a light switch - on/off, fat/skinny, miserable/happy, crazy/sane. All things take time, patience, and practice. Anyone who tells you different is profiting off your fearful ignorance of the truth.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|We look not at the things which are what you would call seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal. But the things that are not seen are eternal.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|Mind is not a product of brain rather an integral part of the soul, our eternal being. Those who understand this truth can think beyond the material reality and move to higher states of consciousness.
Samuel  Taylor, Sabrina Fair|(I) want to do everything and see everything, sense everything and feel everything and taste everything; to know that life is an enormous experience and must be used. To be in the world, and of the world, and never to stand aside and watch.
Clarence Jordan, The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons|Even though people about us choose the path of hate and violence and warfare and greed and prejudice, we who are Christ's body must throw off these poisons and let love permeate and cleanse every tissue and cell. Nor are we to allow ourselves to become easily discouraged when love is not always obviously successful or pleasant. Love never quits, even when an enemy has hit you on the right cheek and you have turned the other, and he's also hit that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin also affects the conscience, until one becomes slow to detect the approach of sin.
George Santayana|Terrorism should be seen in the light of the country's security and not from the narrow perspective of caste, creed and religion.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|My friends, we should consider ourselves fortunate, not because we are any greater or lesser because we face adversity, rather we simply rejoice in the opportunity to face it.
Frank Wynne, I Was Vermeer: The Rise and Fall of the Twentieth Century's Greatest Forger|An artist must paint not simply surface light but what is inside, what he sees within his subject
Jill Ker Conway, The Road from Coorain: A Woman's Exquisitely Clear-Sighted Memoir of Growing Up Australian|I learned that time manages the most painful partings for us. One has only to set the date, buy the ticket, and let the earth, sun, and moon make their passages through the sky, until inexorable time carries us with it to the moment of parting.
Wolfgang Pauli, Atom and Archetype: The Pauli/Jung Letters 1932-58|As I regard physics and psychology as complementary types of examination, I am certain that there is an equally valid way that must lead the psychologist 'from behind' (namely, through investigating the archetypes) into the world of physics. As an example of background physics, I shall discuss a motif that occurs regularly in my dreams - namely, fine structure, in particular doublet structure of spectral lines and the separation of a chemical element into two isotopes.
Mishi McCoy|I am care free by nature but that doesn't mean that I am careless or that I care less. I simply pass on passive-aggressive. Why dodge bullets? This world is not a place for cowards. If we are going to shoot then let's freaking shoot straight. Energy is easily recognized and understood. I don't make time anymore for people that I have to interpret beyond what they say and what they are really saying. It's not my Aspie nature. It is my angel nature. I know every thing isn't always black or white, but I am so over engaging with people who are 50 shades of grey. Be real with me or be gone....because if we aren't Really present with others then we are disconnected anyway.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|I am a waning birdencased in a glass sphere;I cannot see my prison,and my cries no one can hear.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|For me, running is both exercise and a metaphor. Running day after day, piling up the races, bit by bit I raise the bar, and by clearing each level I elevate myself. At least that’s why I’ve put in the effort day after day: to raise my own level. I’m no great runner, by any means. I’m at an ordinary – or perhaps more like mediocre – level. But that’s not the point. The point is whether or not I improved over yesterday. In long-distance running the only opponent you have to beat is yourself, the way you used to be.
Akiroq Brost|You're stronger than you think. Even if something pushes you to the breaking point, even if you may need to make a conscious effort to just cope: It's in you, to survive. It may help to break it down into smaller time segments. If you can try to just make it through the next minute, the next five minutes, the next half an hour. With each success, try and lengthen the amount of time. Carry the firm belief in your heart and mind that it will get better. Just that belief is so very strong. Just believing it will get better will have an influence. Sometimes, you'll push through just short spans of time, but as you do, realize that you are capable of doing it. You can do this. Look back at things that you have already gone through in your life and know you survived. You can survive this too. You are so strong. You are just having a challenging moment. It's not forever. You will get to the other side. Believe in yourself. Have faith in yourself. Never give up. It's not an option. Try and ask yourself: "How best can I get through this difficult situation? Is there anything I can do in terms of self-care?" Try to be very gentle with yourself. If you cry, accept it was just something that you needed to do. No judgment. In your most challenging days, make an extra effort to be that friend to yourself, you so need. Please, if you're facing a difficult time at least be nice to yourself. Take it one step at a time. Keep hope and faith alive in your heart. Believe it will get better. Do anything you can to help yourself through in the best way possible. You are stronger than you think.
Criss Jami|I wouldn't think that God is quite as much concerned with whether or not one actually sins as He is with whether or not in one's heart one genuinely wants to turn from sin; and therefore, continues working passionately with Him in doing so. It is not some pleasure of God's, as some might imagine, to stand around critiquing, arms crossed, holding a whip. I suppose that when someone weeps over their sins, He extends His hands; He wants them to lift their head and embrace Him and the mercy He's willing to show. But when someone is proud of their sins, He delivers His justice swiftly and righteously. Sin does not intimidate God - although He takes it very seriously - it does no real harm to Him whatsoever, only to the sinner and to other people: and He loves people.
Voltaire|Sorrow is what I feel for people who aren’t doing what they love. I keep my distance from them as though they’re contagious. They are, I believe.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|He came up and kissed me on my forehead, and before he stepped away, I closed my eyes and tried hard to memorize this moment. I wanted to remember him exactly as he was right then, how his arms looked brown against his white shirt, the way his hair was cut a little too short in the front. Even the bruise, there because of me.Then he was gone.Just for that moment, the thought that I might never see him again… it felt worse than death. I wanted torun after him. Tell him anything, everything. Just don’t go. Please just never go. Please just always be near me, so I can at least see you.Because it felt final. I always believed that we would find our way back to each other every time. That no matter what, we would be connected—by our history, by this house. But this time, this last time, it felt final. Like I would never see him again, or that when I did, it would be different, there would be a mountain between us.I knew it in my bones. That this time was it. I had finally made my choice, and so had he. He let me go. I was relieved, which I expected. What I didn’t expect was to feel so much 
Jane Russell, Jane Russell: My Path and My Detours: An Autobiography|In second grade my second love wrote "I love you" on a scrap of paper and dropped it on my desk as he passed by. He was very shy and sullen. When he moved to another school at the end of the term, I was heartsick. I thought about him all summer. But I learned then that we do outgrow people and our tastes do change. One should not marry until one is older. At least ten.
Susan Sarandon|To focus solely on endings is to trade conclusions for the very beginnings that created them. And if this cycle should persist, we will likewise miss the beginning that will follow this ending.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|...The people’s hero does not only have to be someone in possession of the scepter of power. It can be anyone capable of giving unity, prosperity, security, peace and a sense of worthiness to his people. Such a figure gets elevated to the status of a revered hero with the human touch if he imparts a sense of oneness on a multi-racial, multi-ethnic and multi-religious group; especially a diverse people who have been fighting one another for years and centuries...
Johnny Van Zant|I'm not a person who writes really abstract things with oblique references. I look at abstraction like I look at condiments. Give me some Tabasco sauce, some ketchup, some mayonnaise. I love all of that. Put it on a trumpet. I've just got to have the ketchup and Tabasco sauce. That's my attitude about musical philosophy.
George Orwell|....And above all, it is your civilization, it is you. However much you hate it or laugh at it, you will never be happy away from it for any length of time
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Anyway, in those years, I was happy, as to one extent or another I have always been happy. The forest was not a wilderness to me, but served instead as my private garden, comforting in spite of its vastness, and endlessly mysterious.The more familiar a place becomes, the more mysterious it becomes, as well, if you are alert to the truth of things. I have found this to be the case all of my life.
Richelle Mead|Vampires let us play with death and the issue of mortality. They let us ponder what it would mean to be truly long lived. Would the long view allow us to see the world differently, imagine social structures differently? Would it increase or decrease our reverence for the planet? Vampires allow us to ask questions we usually bury.
Thomas Jefferson|Those who expect to be both ignorant and free, expect what never was and never will be.
Thomas Jefferson|The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along, paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|I think houses live their own lives along a time-stream that's different from the ones upon which their owners float, one that's slower. In a house, especially an old one, the past is closer.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|Living is like being chained at the bottom of a shallow pond with my eyes open and no air. I can see distorted images of happiness and light, even hear muffled laughter, but everything is out of my reach as I lie in suffocating agony. If death is the opposite of living, then I hope death is like floating.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|We someone does wrong, whether it is you or me, whether it is mother or father, whether it is the Gold Coast man or the white man, it is like a fisherman casting a net into the water. He keeps only the one or two fish that he needs to feed himself and puts the rest in the water, thinking that their lives will go back to normal. No one forgets that they were once captive, even if they are now free.
Glenn Beck|The Declaration of Independence was always our vision of who we wanted to be, our ideal of freedom and justice, how we were going to be different, and what the American experiment was going to be about.
R. W. Patterson|Laney, why do I believe you transcend the ordinary? Why do I look at you, and expect to see a façade fall away, revealing something much more than even the extraordinary? Tell me."Elaine flushed, her knees wobbling. “I…don’t…know. But thank you—for the kind words. I’m flattered.” She closed her eyes wanting to hide. He was too close…too beautiful…too fervid.And she was too vulnerable, too exposed.“Look at me.”She hesitantly met his unwavering gaze.“No more hiding in your shadows,” he whispered, “because I will find you. And I will drag you kicking and screaming back into the light, where you belong. Do you understand?”“Yes."“Good.” He took her hand and guided her forward.
Edward Hoagland, In the Country of the Blind: A Novel|There is an undercurrent of savagery in the human psyche. Anyone who forgets this and doesn’t guard against it, risks being swept away by it.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Secrets are an exalted state, almost a dream state. They're a way of arresting motion, stopping the world so we can see ourselves in it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Ah! Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit-flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.“Alas! Ear wax!
Mark Gevisser|This week, Zuma was quoted as saying, 'When the British came to our country, they said everything we are doing was barbaric, was wrong, inferior in whatever way.' But the serious critique of Zuma is not about who is a barbarian and who is civilised. It is about good governance, and this is a universal value, as relevant to an African village as it is to Westminster. If you are unable to keep your appetites in check, you are inevitably going to live beyond your means. And this means you are going to become vulnerable to patronage and even corruption. That is why Jacob Zuma's 'polygamy' is his achilles heel.
Jim Starlin|...how impossible itis to really make a choice, when the best choice of all is an option youcouldn’t even imagine.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|It was impossible, of course. But when did that ever stop any dreamer from dreaming.
Leah Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|I bet if I were pharaoh, I’d have had my tomb planned and designed by the time I was ten. I've always wanted to be five steps ahead of where I am. And my mind does it right now: I picture the king on his deathbed, and Ay delivers the awful news to me, but I'm the best embalmer in Thebes thanks to Anubis, so I'm alone in a dark room, and I cut open his soft chest, and take out a heart filled with dreams and love and sadness.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Mother said to me that the angels must have been watching over me when I found you, and that's the way I feel.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|I started to walk away, but she [Clarisse] called out, "Percy?""Yeah?""When you, uh, had that vision about your friends...""You were one of them," I promised, "Just don't tell anybody, okay? Or I'de have to kill you."A faint smile flickered across her face "See you later.""See you
Lise Arin, Matilda Empress|For the space of many, many years, you were enough for me. You were my bliss, and my hallelujah.
Karen Armstrong, Twelve Steps to a Compassionate Life|Of the twelve companions of Thorin, ten remained. Fili and Kili had fallen defending him with shield and body, for he was their mother’s elder brother.
Ishmael Beah|I lay in my bed night after night staring at the ceiling and thinking, Why have I survived the war? Why was I the last person in my immediate family to be alive? I didn’t know.
Lyndsay Faye, Jane Steele|Note Worthy: Thought's of Victoria Short Story 3: Until Death Do Us Part. If you keep your mind busy, then you do not have time to stop and stop and feel all the pain and sadness. If you stay busy you do not think of all the countless memories that flood your mind. Because when those memories pop in your head all you wish for… all you ache for is to hold that person in your arms close. To squeeze them tight and never let go. Only you can’t. You never can ever again. No matter how bad you want too.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|Babies are soft. Anyone looking at them can see the tender, fragile skin and know it for the rose-leaf softness that invites a finger's touch. But when you live with them and love them, you feel the softness going inward, the round-cheeked flesh wobbly as custard, the boneless splay of the tiny hands. Their joints are melted rubber, and even when you kiss them hard, in the passion of loving their existence, your lips sink down and seem never to find bone. Holding them against you, they melt and mold, as though they might at any moment flow back into your body.But from the very start, there is that small streak of steel within each child. That thing that says "I am," and forms the core of personality.In the second year, the bone hardens and the child stands upright, skull wide and solid, a helmet protecting the softness within. And "I am" grows, too. Looking at them, you can almost see it, sturdy as heartwood, glowing through the translucent flesh.The bones of the face emerge at six, and the soul within is fixed at seven. The process of encapsulation goes on, to reach its peak in the glossy shell of adolescence, when all softness then is hidden under the nacreous layers of the multiple new personalities that teenagers try on to guard themselves.In the next years, the hardening spreads from the center, as one finds and fixes the facets of the soul, until "I am" is set, delicate and detailed as an insect in amber.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Time really is one big continuous cloth, no? We habitually cut out pieces of time to fit us, so we tend to fool ourselves into thinking that time is our size, but it really goes on and on.
Simon Zingerman, We All Need Heroes: Stories of the Brave and Foolish|While friends are there to motivate us and keep us pleased. Our enemies are there to annoy us, which makes us work harder to beat them.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When she was pregnant with her second child, a midwife asked if Catherine had any unspoken fears about anything that could go wrong with the baby - such as genetic defects or complications during the birth. My sister said, 'My only fear is that he might grow up to become a Republican.
Francis A. Schaeffer, The Mark of the Christian|We were made to be mirrors perfectly reflecting God's goodness, but with sin that mirror fractured and the reflection is distorted.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|If a responsible, mentally sound American wants to own and AR-15, that’s their right. Besides, when the zombies come…okay, you don’t like the zombie thing. When the Chinese invade our country, who do you want to depend on? The over-extended police force and the National Guard? Or the next door neighbor who’s a former Marine and has enough guns and ammunition for your entire block?
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Men have looked away from themselves and at things so long that they have come to esteem the religious, learned and civil institutions as guards of property, and they deprecate assaults on these, because they feel them to be assaults on property. They measure their esteem of each other by what each has, and not by what each is.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|To Him who has sense, a sign is enoughFor the heedless, however, a thousand expositions are not enough.
C. S. Lewis|My philosophy is: Life is hard, but God is good. Try not to confuse the two.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|God, why do I bother trying to help you? It’s not like you appreciate it. It’s not like the word ‘thanks’ is in your vocabulary. It’s like you’re not capable of being nice to someone you decided to despise when you were six-years-old. Sure, about twelve years have passed, but what’s time compared to your rock-headed mind? - Tran
Tan Le|We can always find something to be thankful for, and there may be reasons why we ought to be thankful for even those dispensations which appear dark and frowning.
Dennis R. Miller|Although some of the people at church rejected and even denounced me, this did not particularly hinder me in my search. Rather, the fact that there were church people as weak and foolish as I was myself gave me a deep sense of reassurance. Arrogantly I thought, 'If God accepts that sort of person, isn't it possible thatHe will even accept me?' And I began to read the Bible more attentively.
Fernando A. Torres, A Habit of Resistance|To live your life without oppression, making love the way you wish, loving those you wish to be with - is to live on the right of the spectrum.
Virginia Williams|Hope makes people good, a lot of the time. You hope for a brighter future, and resentment is outweighed.
Meat Loaf, Meat Loaf - Bat Out of Hell|Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night, I can see paradise by the dashboard light.
Amy Patrick, Hidden Hope|So...you really feel a difference from drinking it?" Lad asked.  I nodded. He nearly jumped out of the chair and charged past me to the kitchen.  I followed him. "What are you doing?"  "Getting you a refill.
Joy Williams, Ill Nature|Anyone who truly wants to escape human solipsism should not seek out empty places. Instead of fleeing to desert, where they will be thrown back into their own thoughts, they will d better to seek out the company of other animals. A zoo is a better window from which to look out of the human world than a monastery.
John Dominic Crossan, The Historical Jesus: The Life of a Mediterranean Jewish Peasant|The ecstatic vision and social program sought to rebuild a society upward from its grass roots but on principles of religious and economic egalitarianism, with free healing brought directly to the peasant homes and free sharing of whatever they had in return. The deliberate conjunction of magic and meal, miracle and table, free compassion and open commensality, was a challenge launched not just at Judaism’s strictest purity regulations, or even at the Mediterranean’s patriarchal combination of honor and shame, patronage and clientage, but at civilization’s eternal inclination to draw lines, invoke boundaries, establish hierarchies, and maintain discriminations.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded: Part 1: Part 1|Laith took off his boots and set them next to a tree. "We've been here since the dawn of time. We're no' going anywhere, Rhys. We're supposed to be protecting the humans, remember?""The humans doona want our protection. We sent our dragons away for them, and for what purpose? To hide who we are, to forget the fierce magic that runs through our veins?
Cees Nooteboom, Rituals|I could have forced myself to adapt," said Taads. "In this world the individual self is of such importance that it is allowed to become absorbed in itself and to grub around in its trivial personal history for years on end with the help of a psychiatrist, so as to be able to cope. But I don't think that is important enough. And then suicide is no longer a disgrace. If I had done it earlier, I would have done it in hatred, but that is no longer the case.""Hatred?""I used to hate the world. People, smells, dogs, feet, telephones, newspapers, voices — everything filled me with the greatest disgust. I have always been afraid I might murder somebody. Suicide is when you have been all around the world with your fear and your aggression and you end up by yourself again.""It remains aggression.""Not necessarily.""What are you waiting for then?""For the right moment. The time has not yet come." He said it amiably, as if he were talking to a child.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Falling into true love, is not taking a rope to climb out
David Amerland, The Tribe That Discovered Trust: How Trust Is Created Lost and Regained in Commercial Interactions|Every relationship is governed by motive, capability and reliability and these three factors become the core components of the trust equation
Naveen Andrews|There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Leonardo DiCaprio|I don't think I'm romantic at all. I have a lot of faith in the right thing happening. I don't really hope for a lot of particulars, I just have faith that the right thing will happen most of the time.
Michele Jennae|We all have a god and a poet inside us. The poet, the human; the god, the divine.It is by the grace of our god that we can find the divine inspiration with which to wax poetic about our human experiences.
Charles Bukowski|My country, 'tis of thee,Sweet land of liberty,Of thee I sing;Land where my fathers died,Land of the pilgrims' pride,From every mountainsideLet freedom ring!My native country, thee,Land of the noble free,Thy name I love;I love thy rocks and rills,Thy woods and templed hills;My heart with rapture thrills,Like that above.Let music swell the breeze,And ring from all the treesSweet freedom's song;Let mortal tongues awake;Let all that breathe partake;Let rocks their silence break,The sound prolong.Our father's God to Thee,Author of liberty,To Thee we sing.Long may our land be bright,With freedom's holy light,Protect us by Thy might,Great God our King.
Jaspreet Kaur|We were born in the mist of time on this land together with the oaks and fir trees. We are bound to it not only by the bread and existence it furnishes us as we toil on it, but also by all the bones of our ancestors who sleep in its ground. All our parents are here. All our memories, all our war-like glory, all our history here, in this land lies buried. . . . By what right do the Jews wish to take this land from us? On what historical argument do they base their pretensions and particularly the audacity with which they defy us Romanians, here in our own land? We are bound to this land by millions of tombs and millions of unseen threads that only our soul feels, and woe to those who shall try to snatch us from it.
Z. Aguilera|When it happens it happens instantly. It's like diving into a pool of warm silky water, like flying through the air on invisible wings, like shedding an old skin and growing a new one. When you fall in love the spirals of your DNA unwind and rewind in the opposite direction. What was black becomes white.
Danny Pino|My mom used to call us 'free range kids,' like free range chickens... We roamed the countryside.
Anna Akhmatova, Poems of Akhmatova|Without love, I'm more at ease, I'm sure. The sky is high, the mountain wind is sweeping, And all my thoughts are innocent and pure.
Thomas Narofsky, F(X) Leadership Unleashed!|you dont have to follow trends, you should set them, because there are too many 'her's and 'him's but there is only one 'you' 
Chandana Roy|Everything is fair and possible in love, war, and politics.
M.J. Abraham|How Beautiful is the rain!After the dust and heat,In the broad and fiery street,In the narrow lane,How beautiful is the rain!How it clatters along the roofs,Like the tramp of hoofs!How it gushes and struggles outFrom the throat of the overflowing spout!Across the window-paneIt pours and pours;And swift and wide,With a muddy tide,Like a river down the gutter roarsThe rain, the welcome rain!-"Rain in Summer
Jo Brand|It took me twenty years to get Steven Parrino's work. From the time I first saw his art, in the mid-eighties, I almost always dismissed it as mannered, Romantic, formulaic, conceptualist-formalist heavy-metal boy-art abstraction.
Alexander Zalan|Live with the current day, otherwise someday you'll wake up and realise that all remarkable and gorgeous moments have passed towards your eyes, while you're waiting for the best shot to reveal yourself
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The holy word is story, and story is the holy word.
Alex Berenson|I hope that if you are employed full-time, you are doing it to ensure that basic needs are met and not simply to indulge a taste for an elaborate home, fancy cars, and other luxuries.
Peter Abrahams|After my second-to-last record, 'The Greatest', I had gone on tour for a while, and I didn't play an instrument for about five years. And I got kind of - it's not self-esteem or whatever, or anger toward myself - but disappointed in myself that I hadn't been challenging myself to learn musically.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|I wish clarity to mean everything that makes mind at ease, but hate covers that causes evil deeds.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|...unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.
Jenna Lindsey, A Precarious Journey Into Magic|I think one who thrives on death may be defeated by life.Elswyth, from A Precarious Journey Into Magic
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your dream comes true, have another one! Your dream-box must never remain empty!
Zach Galligan|If you look at Gothic detailing right down to the bottom of a column or the capital of a column, it's a small version of the whole building; that's why, like dating the backbones of a dinosaur, a good historian can look at a detail of a Gothic building and tell you exactly what the rest of the building was, and infer the whole from the parts.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|We will judge others based on their behaviors with little to no understanding or regard for their beliefs or values—standards we may not know, nor typically see. When we do this, things can be taken completely out of context because we are assessing their behavior against our expectations, which are produced from our own personal value system.
Terry Teachout|I can look back now and say, 'Aw, that was a little dumb taking huge bumps onto concrete before a couple of hundred fans,' but if it wasn't for that attitude and that type of work ethic, I never would have gotten to WWE.
John Lasseter|Cinema reflects culture and there is no harm in adapting technology, but not at the cost of losing your originality.
Osho, Absolute Tao: Talks on Fragments from "Tao Te Ching" by Lao Tzu|In one form or the other, the quest for human dignity has proved to be one of the most propulsive elements for wars, civil strife and willing sacrifice. Yet the entitlement to dignity, enshrined among the 'human rights', does not aspire to being the most self-evident, essential need for human survival, such as food, or physical health. Compared to that other candidate for the basic impulse of human existence - self-preservation - it may even be deemed self-indulgent.
David McRaney|When we look at a solid lump of iron or rock, we are 'really' looking at what is almost entirely empty space. It looks and feels solid and opaque because our sensory systems and brains find it convenient to treat it as solid and opaque. It is convenient for the brain to represent a rock as solid because we can't walk through it. 'Solid' is our way of experiencing things that we can't walk through or fall throug, because of the electromagnetic forces between atoms. 'Opaque' is the experience we have when light bounces off the surface of an object, and none of it goes through.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|At the same time that 'I' am the content of a relation, 'I' am also that which does the relating.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When I ask him if he thinks there's a moral to his story, he says he's sure there must be, but doesn't know exactly what it is. "Maybe," he says after a short pause, "it's that this world is full of lizards, and even though there's nothing we can do about it, it is always helpful to find out how big they are.
John Henry Newman|People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite... Man's goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished.
Richelle E. Goodrich|By connecting your inner child to your internal being, you bring out the hero in you that is inside all of us.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|...obscurantist feature in social scientists trying to combine pluralism with environmentalism. They are so preoccupied with the role of prejudice in creating hostile environments that they perpetually deny the obvious, that stereotypes are rough generalizations about groups derived from long-term observation. Such generalizations are usually correct in describing group tendencies and in predicting certain collective actions, even if they do not adequately account for differences among individuals. Nonetheless, as Goldberg explains, the self-described pluralist and prominent psychologist Gordon Allport went out of his way in The Nature of Prejudice (1954) to reject stereotypes as factually inaccurate as well as socially harmful. For Allport and a great many other social Scientists, nothing is intuitively correct unless it is politically so.
Orson Scott Card|Foreign, for sure. But we all bleed the same color red. No doubt about that. The truth of that statement was plain to see. Reacher put the guy out of misery. A single shot, close range, behind the ear. An unnecessary round expended, but good manners had a price
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|We all take such pains to over-educate ourselves. In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place. The thoroughly well-informed man - that is the modern ideal. And the mind of the thoroughly well-informed man is a dreadful thing. It is like a bric-a-brac shop, all monsters and dust, with everything priced above its proper value.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Life gives you what you expect, what you are prepared to put up with or can change.
Selena Kitt, Grace|When he turned back toward her, he kissed her deeply. "Don't ever doubt that I love you," he said, cupping her chin in his strong hands. "That will never change."Beck's taught body covered hers, alive and vital, charged with desire.And then they became one.
Felicity Jones|People confuse goodness with weakness. It is weak people, not good people (goodness demands strength), who are taken advantage of.
Kristin Kimball, The Dirty Life: On Farming, Food, and Love|In any case, muffins that are only imaginary aren't liable to get stuck.
Shannon Lyndsy, Celebrating Death|It's not Americans I find annoying; it's Americanism: a social disease of the postindustrial world that must inevitably infect each of the mercantile nations in turn, and is called 'American' only because your nation is the most advanced case of the malady, much as one speaks of Spanish flu, or Japanese Type-B encephalitis. It's symptoms are a loss of work ethic, a shrinking of inner resources, and a constant need for external stimulation, followed by spiritual decay and moral narcosis. You can recognize the victim by his constant efforts to get in touch with himself, to believe his spiritual feebleness is an interesting psychological warp, to construe his fleeing from responsibility as evidence that he and his life are uniquely open to new experiences. In the later stages, the sufferer is reduced to seeking that most trivial of human activities: fun.
John Webster, The White Devil|O that I were a man, or that I had powerTo execute my apprehended wishes!I would whip some with scorpions.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Kaya Abaniah and the Father of the Forest|Only by fully experiencing fear, can you ever hope to control it.
Janette Rallison, My Double Life|You may right now be nursing a broken heart. Friends will say, "Aren't you glad you had the experience anyway?" And you may say "No." Eventually, unbelievably, you may not remember the boy that triggered it all. You'll recall all the places you visited, but not how you got there. You'll remember the songs that you listened to.
Lionel Suggs|People need to stop accepting the evidence of reality, and start questioning it.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|Genuine surprise is a great help when faced with an unwelcome duty. Of course, when it’s the paying of debts you’re forgetting, that can lead to broken fingers. And worse. I guess it’s a form of lying— lying to oneself. And I’m very good at falsehoods. They often say the best liars half-believe their lies— which makes me the very best because if I repeat a lie often enough I can end up believing it entirely, no half measures involved!
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|For a split second, I wondered if he were some type of sexy sorcerer, who was able to remove my clothing by the force of his will alone. I squeezed my eyes shut and focused on the buttons of his shirt, willing them to pop
Sunday Adelaja|In bringing dreams into fulfillment, pay no attention to different obstacles and difficulties
Ellen Bass, Beginning to Heal|As you heal, you see yourself more realistically. You accept that you are a person with strengths and weaknesses. You make the changes you can in your life and let go of the things that aren’t in your power to change. You learn that every part of you is valuable. And you realize that all of your thoughts and feelings are important, even when they’re painful or difficult.
Megyn Kelly|The family on my mom's side, their whole business is inventing and pitching stuff. My grandfather is in infomercials. He's a pitchman, so if you're ever watching TV late at night, you'll probably see him pitching knives. My great-grandfather also invented the plastic cheese grater.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|I loved Emma.' The words, so flat and final, explode into the air. 'But she lied to me. I thought perhaps I could have the love without the lies. With you, I mean. Do you remember your application letter? How you talked about integrity and honesty and trust? That was what made me think it might work, that it might be better this time. But I've never loved you the way I loved her.
Guy Gavriel Kay, River of Stars|He looked at me. His firm, broad face showed weight-loss in deep shadows under the cheekbones, his eyes were sunken and his mouth sorely chapped and cracked. God knows what I looked like, when he looked like that. He smiled. 'With luck we shall make it, and without luck we shall not.' 
Matt Damon|These are fountains of salvation that they who thirst may be satisfied with the living words they contain. In these alone is proclaimed the doctrine of godliness. Let no man add to these, neither let him take out from these.
Shawn Amos|While not a musician, my father was a music agent for years before becoming pop culture icon Famous Amos.
Chief Joseph|We still live with this unbelievable threat over our heads of nuclear war. I mean, are we stupid? Do we think that the nuclear threat has gone, that the nuclear destruction of the planet is not imminent? It's a delusion to think it's gone away.
Rachel Caine, Automatic|„We didn’t anticipate that the formula would trigger such a violent response. In the future, you’ll only receive the unprocessed raw materials.”“So it’s because I’m young.”“No,” he said. “It’s because you’re young and you refuse to acknowledge what you are. What it means. What it promises. You’re fighting your condition, and that makes it almost impossible for you to control yourself. You need to admit it to yourself, Michael. You’ll never be human again.
Mark Peter Hughes, Lemonade Mouth|Then she sighed. Just the faintest, softest release of breath. The sound swept through his chest like a hurricane, with the force to topple trees.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.
Sallyann Phillips, Angel's Blood|Instead of using their vastly increased material and technical resources to build a wonder-city, they built slums; and they thought it right and advisable to build slums because slums, on the test of private enterprise, "paid", whereas the wonder-city would, they thought, have been an act of foolish extravagance, which would, in the imbecile idiom of the financial fashion, have "mortgaged the future"; though how the construction to-day of great and glorious works can impoverish the future, no man can see until his mind is beset by false analogies from an irrelevant accountancy.
Barbara Kingsolver|A novel works it's magic by putting a reader inside another person's life. The pace is as slow as life. It's as detailed as life. It requires you, the reader, to fill in an outline of words with vivid pictures drawn subconsciously from your own life, so that the story feels more personal than the sets designed by someone else and handed over via TV or movies. Literature duplicates the experience of living in a way that nothing else can, drawing you so fully into another life that you temporarily forget you have one of your own. That is why you read it, and might even sit up in bed till early dawn, throwing your whole tomorrow out of whack, simply to find out what happens to some people who, you know perfectly well, are made up. It's why you might find yourself crying, even if you aren't the crying kind.
Mo Farah|I work every day hard. I put my body through hell. Let me tell you, every year, seven months of the year, I don't see my family. Year in, year out. I miss my kids. Kid's birthdays, anniversaries. I'll never be able to go back and be with my family.
Richard Branson|Judges should be in the business of declaring what the law is using the traditional tools of interpretation, rather than pronouncing the law as they might wish it to be in light of their own political views.
Henry Miller|Life’s best coaches are those who believe in you and your potential, sometimes even before you do.
Friedrich Schiller, On the Aesthetic Education of Man|When the mechanic has to mend a watch he lets the wheels run out; but the living watchworks of the state have to be repaired while they act, and a wheel has to be exchanged for another during its revolutions.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|You have everything within you to do great things in this world. Maybe, you are inspired to sing a song, write a book or poems, create art in various forms. Or you may decide to find a cure for disease, end world hunger, prevent abuse, or take a stand politically. The question is how to begin the process of fulfilling your vision. Start where you are and use the resources you have to build from there. Inspiration is what motivates you to achieve your remarkable ideas. Also it takes time and dedication to excel to the next level.
Carine Roitfeld|When the Internet first came, I thought it was just the beacon of freedom. People could communicate with anyone, anywhere, and nobody could stop it.
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|Within biblical theology it remains the case that the one living God created a world that is other than himself, not contained within himself. Creation was from the beginning an act of love, of affirming goodness of the other. God saw all that he had made, and it was very good; but it was not itself divine. At its height, which according to Genesis 1 is the creation of humans, it was designed to REFLECT God, both to reflect God back to God in worship and to reflect God into the rest of creation in stewardship. But this image-bearing capacity of humankind is not in itself the same thing as divinity. Collapsing this distinction means taking a large step toward a pantheism within which there is no way of understanding, let alone addressing, the problem of evil.
Milo Yiannopoulos|If you're reading IMDB, half of it's made up. You can't trust it or Wikipedia, which is just lies, lies!
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|The look of experience suited him, especially because somewhere deep in those eyes, there still lurked a dangerous invitation to play. He had a quality of masculine confidence that was a thousand times more potent than mere handsomeness. Perfect goodlooks could leave you cold, but this kind of sexy charisma went straight to your knees. -Haven Travis
Michael Scott, The Alchemyst|Magic is really only the utilization of the entire spectrum of the senses. Humans have cut themselves off from their senses. Now they see only a tiny portion of the visible spectrum, hear only the loudest of sounds, their sense of smell is shockingly poor and they can only distinguish the sweetest and sourest of tastes.
Cybill Cain, Escape|I was seduced by the idea that even in the dark, we are still as complex and detailed as we are in the light.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Valperga: Or, the Life and Adventures of Castruccio, Prince of Lucca|She saw and marked the revolutions that had been, and the present seemed to her only a point of rest, from which time was to renew his flight.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|My first language, the true language of the soul spoken only on our planet of origin, had no word for betrayal or traitor. Or even loyalty- because without the opposite, the concept had no meaning.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Learn well how to think right and then be your own shepherd, otherwise you shall be the unlucky sheep of all sorts of cunning shepherds!
David Levithan, Another Day|When you get abandoned by someone, that's the moment when you've truly lost faith in them.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|She likes to write messages on balloons and send them to the sky. She takes out a black Magic Marker and she starts writing on the dozen or so balloons, one for each member of our family who died. She doesn't think she can write well and asks me not to read her notes.She likes to think they'll soar all the way to heaven. I think she knows they end up tangled in power lines or deflated in a pile of orange leaves in someone's backyard miles away, but I can never bring myself to say that to her. I've often wondered what they must think, those people who find our balloons. I've wondered if they read the messages and understand what they mean.I remember watching those balloons as a little boy, each fall, wondering if someday I, too, would be nothing but a balloon in the sky, soaring toward the sun until I began to fall slowly back to earth and into the hands of a stranger.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|In the age of technology there is constant access to vast amounts of information. The basket overflows; people get overwhelmed; the eye of the storm is not so much what goes on in the world, it is the confusion of how to think, feel, digest, and react to what goes on.
John Mackey|It is not monogamy when there is one legal wife, and mistresses out of sight.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|But collective thinking is usually short-lived. We're fickle, stupid beings with poor memories and a great gift for self-destruction.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Why do people always wonder whether books are any good, without wondering whether they are themselves in a state to profit from them?
Dada Bhagwan|People with Sweet Relationships [those favoring you, always talk good] with you, will make you stumble.
Joseph Barbera|In the face of postwar austerity, hundreds of brides-to-be across the country sent Princess Elizabeth their clothing coupons so that she could have the dress of their dreams.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|When you learn to trust and believe in yourself—your thoughts, feelings, and intuition—you give others the opportunity to trust you.
Mamur Mustapha|That faceless, nameless and ruthless demon you pretend to fight, is nothing but the bastard in your head.
J.B. McGee|Bread – like real love – took time, cultivation, strong loving hands and patience. It lived, rising and growing to fruition only under the most perfect circumstances.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|Today, you have the opportunity to transcend from a disempowered mindset of existence to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. Today is a new day that has been handed to you for shaping. You have the tools, now get out there and create a masterpiece.
Richard W. Sonnenfeldt, Witness to Nuremberg|Dictators have no peers; only sycophants to do their bidding. That is how it was in Nazi Germany. And so it is wherever autocrats rule in government or in business. Dictators and braggarts cause their own demise, because when they finally are in extremis, they have only their lackeys to call on, while their adversaries attract the best of men.
Albert Einstein|It is a very grave mistake to think that the enjoyment of seeing and searching can be promoted by means of coercion and a sense of duty. To the contrary, I believe it would be possible to rob even a healthy beast of prey of its voraciousness, if it were possible, with the aid of a whip, to force the beast to devour continuously, even when not hungry.
John Darnielle|My mother was sarcastic and delightful and, trust me, quite remarkable.
Edith Wharton|...the people who find fault with society are too apt to regard it as an end and not a means, just as the people who despise money speak as if its only use were to be kept in bags and gloated over? Isn't it fairer to look at them both as opportunities, which may be used either stupidly or intelligently, according to the capacity of the user?
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Double Identity|When a tender affection has been storing itself in us through many of our years, the idea that we could accept any exchange for it seems to be a cheapening of our lives. And we can set a watch over our affections and our constancy as we can over other treasures.
Oswald Spengler, The Decline of the West|Scientists are wont to assume that myths and God-ideas are creations of primitive man, and that as spiritual culture “advances”, this myth-forming power is shed. In reality it is the exact opposite, … this ability of a soul to fill its world with shapes, traits and symbols - like and consistent amongst themselves - belongs most definitely not to the world-age of the primitives but exclusively to the springtimes of great Cultures. Every myth of the great style stands at the beginning of an awakening spirituality. It is the first formative act of that spirituality. Nowhere else is it to be found. There - it must be.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|‎"For all we become aware of when we slowly wake up, you can't help but pause and wonder what is still left unseen.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…the traditional family structure that More supported in her writings enabled women to 'be intelligent, rational, virtuous, and noble creatures, capable of great intellectual and moral achievements. They had the potential for immense influence on their husbands and sons, on their relations, their servants, and the poor.' More held, therefore, … 'the ideal of rational domesticity helped to liberate the individual within a supportive family framework.
Kristen Heitzmann, Secrets|She headed for a wide flat rock on the creek's bank, her posture still demanding 'no trespassing' but no longer 'trespassers will be shot.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|How can you say: "I love you forever!" ; Whereas bit of time can change everything
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Our students didn’t used to come from such damaged families,” Louis mused. “It’s true what they say. This country really is coming apart at the seams.
Benny Bellamacina|Material wealth can be bad for your health.Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil,that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.
Ryan Goodrich, Starved for Bullets: A Collection of Scars|If freedom is free and none need worry, then what blood drops for thee?
Holly Hood, Ink|Master Griffin, I would marry my own mother for the excuse to stab my eyes out with her brooches than to see anything under your kilt," the man's voice said with an elegant aplomb. "Where would you like your guest's things, sir?
Francis Ford Coppola|I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
Gerald Morris, The Ballad of Sir Dinadan|Experiment or not, the government is always watching. - Felix
Rosca Marx, Wake Norway|Summer fell upon Paris, with everyone still intently following his own subterranean course of passion or habit and looking up like a startled creature of the night at the blazing June sun. Now, all of a sudden, there was an impelling necessity to go away, to give a continuation or a meaning to the winter that had just gone by.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t try to change the world. To find yourself in a new world, change your thoughts.
Rachel Gibson, Just Kiss Me|And in that moment, he knew one thing. If it was possible to slay his dragons, he’d do it. For her.
Jinnul Jr.|Hey I'm sorry about the other day. Didn't mean to give you a hard time, I ---" He held up his hands. "It's no problem. And I didn't mean to be pushy. But i've seen a lot of people let the bad around them make them hard or stubborn. In the end, they miss the chance to make their world bette because they only see the worst in it." There was still something about the tone of his voice and his features that made me feel like I knew him. "I know what you mean." I shook my head. "I don't want to be like that. But I get so angry. Sometimes I feel like I know too much, or that I've done things I can't make right, and it just hovers over me. And when I see things happen that shouldn't..." "You don't know what to do with yourself." "Exactly." He nodded. "Well, I'd start by thinking about what's good. Then I'd ask myself how I could make that good even better." I laughed. "That doesn't make sense."He stood. "You just think about it a little.
Mahavira|In happiness and suffering, in joy and grief, we should regard all creatures as we regard our own self.
Mari Mancusi, Boys that Bite|I can barely breathe. I feel like I’m going to explode. Jake Wilder is kissing me. French-kissing me. Is he even supposed to be French-kissing me for the play? I thought… Oh, who cares if he’s supposed to or not. He is, that’s all that matters.
Dean Brackley, The Call to Discernment in Troubled Times: New Perspectives on the Transformative Wisdom of Ignatius of Loyola|In our spreading materialist wasteland, more and more people thirst for contemplation, including political wheel-dealers, tycoons, and military top brass, stressed out by the rigors of their professions. Are we to suppose that everyone doing deep breathing on a meditation pillow is communing with the God of Christians? Not necessarily. What unites us to God is the practice of love. If prayer, or any other religious act, is not grounded in that, it is an offense to God.
Martin Luther|Faith is a living, daring confidence in God's grace, so sure and certain that a man could stake his life on it a thousand times.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing and other efforts to produce an enduring piece of artwork is a gallant response to the prospect of death. Every person knows that they must die, and consequently people build elaborate symbolic defenses mechanism to shield themselves from knowledge of their impermanence. Every person possesses autonomy of the will, the ability to choose how to conduct their life. The freedom to act towards objects is ultimately useless; it provides a person with no sense of meaning and supplies no purpose to life because a mere collection of objects will not transcend their physical demise. An artist does not deny their impermanence but embraces the prospect of their death by laboring to create a monument of their existence that will survive their expiry.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The real achievers are those who, in the dreary pit of sacrifice, still smile up at the goal.
Thylias Moss, Slave Moth: A Narrative in Verse|the truth is not supposed to free you from the truth, just from everything else
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Number 23 had plenty of redeeming qualities that made falling for him a justifiable accident. But our connection had nothing to do with our similarities, our differences, our aesthetic attractions, or our emotional and physical needs. When we spoke, he was truly with me. Our egos, our personas, expected social cues, the facades that everyone builds around them that are supposed to sculpt the way the world sees us, were stripped with Number 23 and I. He was immediately my best friend, familiar and safe - an epiphany that I had been spending my life alone in crowded rooms. 	Our souls were naked. We initially curled into the warmth of that connection. But once we knew how real it was, we felt exposed, vulnerable, and raw. While his defense was his fearful recoil, mine was dictation.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|As though I had displeased the gods with my erotic hubris, I managed to be the only bisexual girl in the history of colleges who failed to arouse the interest of the campus queers immediately upon setting foot in the dorms.
Peter Geye, Wintering|And now it's been half a winter since Harry vanished, and I can finally rest my thoughts. I ought to feel relief. Of this I'm sure. But do you know what it's like to hold proof of the last heartache you'll ever know in your own raw hands? I hadn't known, either, not until Gus delivered Harry's red hat yesterday morning, a cork bobber sewed on where the pompom should've been.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|That there are men in all countries who get their living by war, and by keeping up the quarrels of nations, is as shocking as it is true; but when those who are concerned in the government of a country, make it their study to sow discord and cultivate predjudices between nations, it becomes the more unpardonable.
Anthony Powell, The Kindly Ones|One passes through the world knowing few, if any, of the important things about even the people with whom one has been from time to time in the closest intimacy.
Sekar Arum|Could it be that different political views, different religions and even scientific theories had been looking at our reality from different angles? If so, we should not accept or prefer one over the other, but instead we must aim to draw the best out of each view.
Mahatma Gandhi|To believe that what has not occurred in history will not occur at all, is to argue disbelief in the dignity of man.
John Geddes|Later that summer, as rain fell, such a moment shimmered and paused on the brink, and then began the ancient dance of numbers: two, four, eight, sixteen, thirty-two, and a new life took root and began to grow. And thus the generations past were joined to the unknowable future.
Michael Phelps|Don’t discount this powerful use of appreciation. It is one of the great secrets of life. It’s the feeling and emotion of appreciation that matters most, not the lip service.
Melissa McClone, Home For Christmas|She wore a simple purple long-sleeved turtleneck, but streaks of white across her chest - flour perhaps? - distracted him, made him want to volunteer for cleanup duty.
A. Scott Berg, Max Perkins: Editor of Genius|Max sent Scottie some literary advice, the same dictum he gave every college student who called on him. He stressed the importance of a liberal arts education but urged her to avoid all courses in writing. "Everyone has to find her own way of writing," he wrote Scottie, "and the source of finding it is largely out of literature.
Shawn Weeks, 344 Pounds: How I Lost 125 Pounds By Counting Calories|Thin people, God bless them, God curse them, don't get it: If you're not thin, you need to be careful and conscious about when and how you suitors initially see you.
John Greenleaf Whittier, Maud Muller - Pamphlet|Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
Robert Laxalt, Sweet Promised Land|It is not my wish to stay home so much that I become isolated, but to use the comforting influence of my home to restore and gather myself after each step I take in my expanding ability to participate in the world.
Rob Lowe|I've never understood why we would want to deny all the joys - and the challenges - of marriage to anyone. Which is why I think any loving, committed couple - gay or straight - should be able to get married.
Faraz|Here in Bosnia I had already seen several cases of rheumatic fever and a case we thought was miliary tuberculosis, diseases now rare in America. It was sobering to think that the mundane process of vaccinating these children might ultimately save more lives than any UN-brokered peace treaty.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|If I provide for this life and turn away from the Lord, I am wise for a moment, but lost forever.
Benny Bellamacina|When you can't get what you want, get what you need
Hubert Martin|I gave her the world, the moon, the sun, the stars, the planets... I gave her my breath, my voice, my sight, my life... I gave her memories, dreams, happiness... I gave her care and compassion... I gave her everything... and with sickly curved words, venom dripping from her fingers, she whispered in a way that would shatter glass... between her poisonous lips and her barbed teeth, she told me a story of blackness and catastrophe... from her mind a story of corruption and infamy sprang, her first touch an eternal perversion of my vision of life, an absolute seduction from the face of unbearable desire herself... the chills of a dead soul are frosty, a clouded layer of ash fills my insides, specks of dust fill my veins, empty thoughts smother my mind... and in the final steps of our pitifully destructive dance, I will dip you low, caress you so closely, feel the softness of your neck with the skin of my lips and, for that single moment, lost in the promise in your eyes and the intoxicating scent of your taunt body, I saw a sort of perfection that in any other place and light I would only hopelessly attempt to imagine... a horribly curious vividly creative swirl of chaos and flesh eating light, a specter of glow, paint and sound whose first inhalation is the slow quiver of last exhale, my exhale, my final whisper... I only wish I could have done more... but so impossible was it to resist what made her, her...
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|She was neither widow nor mother: she only yearned for the dignity of a woman who had once belonged, somewhere, to somebody. She had belonged to no one, for she had never wanted chick nor child. Her idea of home had been any side-alley entrance and a pint of tinted gin. All she had ever striven for was small change left lying by strangers on North Clark Street bars; and any man's bottle at all.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|Now,' cried the fiend, 'follow me! You must understand that I cannot get out by the great gate - the porter will not suffer that. Once here, there is no retreat. Follow me, therefore: we will just go to your house, where you shall dress yourself; for you can hardly go to a ball in your present costume - especially as it is not a bal masque. Mind and wrap yourself well up in your winding-sheet, for the nights are cold, and you may feel unpleasantly touched by it.'As he said this, Satan laughed malignantly; and I continued silently to walk after him.'I am sure,' continued he, 'that, in spite of the service I am doing you, you do not yet like me. You are always thus, you men - ungrateful to your friends. Not that I blame ingratitude; it is a vice upon which I pride myself, since I invented it myself; and I must say, that it is one most in vogue. But I do wish to see you a little more merry - it is the only thing I ask of you.'I answered not, but still followed my guide, white as a statue, and as cold. I was silent; but, at the pauses in the fiend's voice, I could hear my teeth chatter against each other, and my bones rattle in my body. ("The Dead Man's Story")
Sahithi Setikam, Is Hope is for Sissies|Without courageous action, Hope is a Universal liar.
Clarence Budington Kelland|Even if surviving wasn't simple, or easy, or fair.Even if he could never be human.He wanted the chance to matter.He wanted to live.
Debasish Mridha|notwithstanding how good a seed my be, it's proper germination,growth and fruit bearing may be mutilated if not planted in a good soil
George Orwell, 1984|It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition.
Debra Anastasia, Fire in the Hole|It may be that no religious reconciliation with the absolute totality of things is possible. Some evils, indeed, are ministerial to higher forms of good; but it may be that there are forms of evil so extreme as to enter into no good system whatsoever…
Liza Lugo, How Do Hurricane Katrina's Winds Blow? Racism in 21st-Century New Orleans|What we are now witnessing in the 21st century is the fracture or complete breakdown of families, societies, and governments as a result of centuries of dehumanization that have taken a toll. More natural disasters (tsunamis, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, etc.) merely uncover the reality of the national disasters we have created by grandting sanctuary to dehumanization via the law.
rassool jibraeel snyman|If your holy book makes you hate, you're reading the wrong shit, mate.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|The more independent you are of him, the more interested he will be.
Feng Nong, A Lonesome Fragrance Waiting to be Appreciated|In this world, those who have fallen in love cannot make clear judgements.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|Hope was always out ahead of fact, possibility obscured the outlines of reality.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|A group of giant insectoid creatures floated to the area near the stage. One of them spoke in a series of clicks that the language master knew instantly."Play hard and fast hairless monkeys!"Greeg shouted, "We're Transmitted Infections from the inner-worlds and this is punk fucking rock!"Crash hit a crunching , distorted guitar note. the Slugs spit in happiness at the sound of the guitar. Greeg liked a species with a love for badass music. He was sure this would be a great show.
Georgina Morales, Perpetual Night|Terrible and ancient and scarred with the endless cold of space, the terrible and ancient things glistened with frozen moisture and colors played across the surface of the skin, colors that were never meant to be seen on earth.
E. Nesbit, Ghost Stories|An Evening AirI go out in the grey eveningIn the air the odor of flowers and the sounds of lamentation.I go out into the hard loneliness of the barren field of grey eveningIn the air the odor of flowers and the sounds of lamentation.In the gathering darkness a long, swift train suddenly Passes me like a lighting.Hard and ponderous and loud are the wheels.As ponderous as the darkness, and as beautiful.I look on, enchanted, and listen to the sounds of lamentationIn the soft fragrant air.The long rails, grey-dark, smooth as a serpent, shiver, andA soft, low thing cries out in the distance,But the sounds are hard and heavy,In the air the odor of flowers and the sounds of lamentation.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|For a privileged minority, Western democracy provides the leisure, the facilities, and the training to seek the truth lying hidden behind the veil of distortion and misrepresentation, ideology and class interest, through which the events of current history are presented to us.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Clay in the hands of a good potter suffers so many good turns, but in the end, we see its real and true shape and form!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|All desires originate to seek betterment unconsciously. In awareness, the same desires dissolve into realization.
Michael Chang|If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Whenever a person is the object of your activity, remember that you may not treat that person as only the means to an end, as in instrument, but must allow for the fact that he or she, too, has or at least should have, distinct personal ends.
Lazarus Takawira|I am sorry, I was wrong and it’s my fault, these are words only accustomed to humble leadership
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|We have enslaved the rest of the animal creation, and have treated our distant cousins in fur and feathers so badly that beyond doubt, if they were able to formulate a religion, they would depict the Devil in human form.
Sunday Adelaja|Always explore new opportunities and ideas, you never know which will work for you
|When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict.
Amy Kathleen Ryan, Glow|There is a design working behind the curtain of the stars, and we are fulfilling it, drawn toward the future on the tide of time, toward our destiny as the first settlers of a new world."The room was still. He has them, she thought.
Rick Riordan|Every time you drink a glass of milk or eat a piece of cheese, you harm a mother. Please go vegan.
Sunday Adelaja|Discover yourself, open up your gift, realize your potential and you will see your life changed
Jennifer DeLucy|After all, hadn't she been the one to pursue him? And Madame Dupuy had done it with a vigor that most women would have been too ashamed to display.
Friedrich Nietzsche|If you know the why, you can live any how.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|A study in scarlet, eh? Why shouldn't we use a little art jargon? There's the scarlet thread of murder running through the colourless skein of life, and our duty is to unravel it, and isolate it, and expose every inch of it.
Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart|Who am I? I am the spine that the mountains hang upon! I am the tears that the rivers cry! I am the lungs that breathe the wind! I am the wolf that kills the stag, the hawk that kills the mouse, the spider that kills the fly! I am the stag, the mouse and the fly that are eaten! I am the snake of the world devouring its tail! I am everything untamed and untameable!
Bruce Lee Bond, The Broken Coast|Your own forefathers killed to have and hold the land where you were born, and sought to extinguish the memories and souls of those that were slain. What of those who prayed in the mountains of Appalachia for thousands of years? That to me is an abomination, although it is the way of men.
Steve Jobs|I want to make as much money as I possibly can so that when my day comes, my mother and sister is fine. My close friends are fine. They don't have to worry about anything ever again.
Rabisankar Bal, Dozakhnama|If you have to die like a worm, die that way, complaining will not fetch you anything extra.
Theodore Roethke, Words for the Wind: The Collected Verse|I want to sleep with you, fall asleep and sleep. That magnificent folk word, how deep, how true, how unequivocal, how exactly what it says. Just – sleep. And nothing more. No, another thing: and know right into the deepest sleep that it is you. And more: how your heart sounds. And – kiss your heart.
Utsav Shrestha|The man who gives fusion to the world, will give the world everything.
Jesus Christ|My parents taught me honesty, truth, compassion, kindness and how to care for people. Also, they encouraged me to take risks, to boldly go. They taught me that the greatest danger in life is not taking the adventure.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When God gives you a dream, He provide heavenly resources to fulfill the dream.
DeiAmor Verus|We are built to desire free will and to choose our own destiny. It's not about being right or wrong; it's about the celebration of life, your free will. The human spirit must constantly be fed. It is what makes us survive.
George Gordon Byron|But words are things, and a small drop of ink,Falling, like dew, upon a thought producesThat which makes thousands, perhaps millions think.
Jerome K. Jerome, Told After Supper|I wish you a Merry Christmas sparkle with endless love, gladness and goodwill.
Richard Jefferies|At CARE, a leading humanitarian organization, we recognize people live their lives in a holistic manner. Issues such as health care, education and economic empowerment cannot be addressed in a vacuum. Thus, effective programs need to tackle the multiple root causes of poverty.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Women have routinely been punished and intimidated for attempting that most simple of freedoms, taking a walk, because their walking and indeed their very beings have been construed as inevitably, continually sexual in those societies concerned with controlling women's sexuality.
Andy Couturier, A Different Kind of Luxury: Japanese Lessons in Simple Living and Inner Abundance|Finally Bill Mixter would lower his head, lay his bow upon the strings, and draw out the first notes of a tune, and the others would come in behind him. The music, while it lasted, brought a new world into being. They would play some tunes they had learned on the radio, but their knowledge was far older than that and they played too the music that was native to the place, or that the people of the place were native to. Just the names of the tunes were a kind of music; they cal l back the music to my mind still, after so many years: "Sand Riffle," "Last Gold Dollar," "Billy in the Low Ground," "Gate to Go Through," and a lot of others. "A fiddle, now, is an atmospheric thing," said Burley Coulter. The music was another element filling the room and pouring out through the cracks. When at last they'd had their fill and had gone away, the shop felt empty, the silence larger than before.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Never, under any circumstances put a man in a position where he no longer cares.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|I have never seen anyone drink like he did. To say he drank with a vengeance is almost understating it: it was almost as if there was a thirst there, a deep and insatiable craving that made the man keep going back for more and more until he sat down in one corner with a bottle.
André Brink, Before I Forget|In love, no question is ever preposterous.
Cary Attwell, The Other Guy|Steve's throat swelled with tension as the intimacy of the moment became more tangible. He moved his eyes from the dark, reflective river, to the dark, reflective pupils in Diane's eyes. They seemed to quiver with tenderness - but then they would grow distant. He found himself continually surprised at the "aliveness" of the person standing just a foot away from him now. She wasn't inanimate: she would flinch if he pinched her, and answer if he asked her. And she was beautiful." -- From "The Grand Unified Story" -- a short story in Zack Love's Stories and Scripts: an Anthology
Amanda Sledz, Psychopomp Volume One: Cracked Plate|Be kind to everyone, everyone is going through something
Steve Maraboli|Don’t try to fit me in a box… My life is not one dimensional. I’m the summer breeze and the hurricane… I’m the serene lake and the raging ocean… I’m the gentle poet and the rough warrior… I can build and I can destroy... I can romance and I can ravage... I can be wise and I can be silly... I can and WILL be everything that the length, depth, and breadth of life will allow... KNOW THIS! Your labels don’t limit me… they limit your experience of me. Don’t confuse the two.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Only in the love of those who do not serve a purpose, love begins to unfold.
Maya Angelou|I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour, and the minute. 
G.K. Chesterton, Eugenics and Other Evils: An Argument Against the Scientifically Organized State|Government has become ungovernable; that is, it cannot leave off governing. Law has become lawless; that is, it cannot see where laws should stop. The chief feature of our time is the meekness of the mob and the madness of the government.
Fulton J. Sheen, A Preface to Religion|Our weaknesses may never go away but when we give them to God, His grace will turn them into something beautiful...
Sandeep Sahajpal|There is no question that engagement requires sacrifice, but that's what we signed up for when we decided to become parents.
Sally Fryer Dietz, When Kids Fly: Solutions for Children with Sensory Integration Challenges|There are many things we don’t understand, and many ways to unlock the brain and maximize function. Don’t ever let anybody tell you it can’t be done.
Leon Krier, The Architecture of Community|Moderate giftedness has been made worthless by the printing press and radio and television and satellites and all that. A moderately gifted person who would have been a community treasure a thousand years ago has to give up, has to go into some other line of work, since modern communications put him or her into daily competition with nothing but the world's champions.
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|It can't last forever. Others have thought such things, in bad times before this, and they were always right, they did get out one way or another, and it didn't last forever. Although for them it may have lasted all the forever they had.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Giving, goodness and generosity expresses love.
Brian Spellman|Telling the truth has always come naturally to me. And I realize, that people like me are the reason the world hates the truth.
Dana Christy, A Heart's Salvation|You are more beautiful at first light then most girls are dressed and glamorous." Dana Christy
Confucius|In the developed countries of the capitalist world, the mass media are beginning to become businesses, and huge businesses at that. The freedom of journalists is now becoming, in most cases, a very relative thing: it ends where the interests of the business begin... In socialist areas, it is enough to recall that the means of social communication are the monopoly of the party.
Flaubert Gustave|The melancholy of the antique world seems to me more profound than that of the moderns, all of whom more or less imply that beyond the dark void lies immortality. But for the ancients that ‘black hole’ is infinity itself; their dreams loom and vanish against a background of immutable ebony. No crying out, no convulsions—nothing but the fixity of the pensive gaze.With the gods gone, and Christ not yet come, there was a unique moment, from Cicero to Marcus Aurelius, when man stood alone. Nowhere else do I find that particular grandeur.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Indeed, the only truly serious questions are ones that even a child can formulate. Only the most naive of questions are truly serious. They are the questions with no answers. A question with no answer is a barrier that cannot be breached. In other words, it is questions with no answers that set the limit of human possibilities, describe the boundaries of human existence.
Sunday Adelaja|We cannot achieve or goal when we are afraid, not confident, passive and indecisive
Ben Carson|To do his best, one needs a confidence that says, "I can do anything, and if I can't do it, I know how to get help.
H.G. Wells, The Passionate Friends|Anyone deserves a second chance, but not everyone deserves a second chance.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|So what do we do?" Alec whispered.Magnus shrugged and smiled suddenly; with his messy black hair and the gleam in his gold-green eyes, he looked like a mischievous teenager. "what everyone else does," he replied. "Like you said. Hope.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|A Warrior of Light values a child's eyes because they are able to look at the world without bitterness. When he wants to find out if the person beside him is worthy of his trust, he tries to see him as a child would
honeste_|We swam deep in the waves, a wild chase ..Stained with memories and pain.Who knew a gulf would lay between?Who knew loving someone, would ache?
Augusten Burroughs, This Is How: Proven Aid in Overcoming Shyness, Molestation, Fatness, Spinsterhood, Grief, Disease, Lushery, Decrepitude & More. For Young and Old Alike.|When you're in a train and it breaks down, well, there you is. But when you're in a plane and it breaks down, there you AIN'T.
David Perlmutter|A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith; spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism; and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.
Eduardo Galeano, Soccer in Sun and Shadow|Whoever believes physical size and tests of speed or strength have anything to do with a soccer player's prowess is sorely mistaken. Just as mistaken as those who believe that IQ tests have anything to do with talent or that there is a relationship between penis size and sexual pleasure. Good soccer players need not to be titans sculpted by Michelangelo. In soccer, ability is much more important than shape, and in many cases skill is the art of turning limitations into virtues.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|This was the argument put forward during the War when the expenditure on the army and navy had to be met; and this was the argument put forward in Germany and Austria after the War when a part of the population had to be provided with cheap food, the losses on the operation of the railways and other public undertakings met, and reparations payments made. The assistance of inflation is invoked whenever a government is unwilling to increase taxation or unable to raise a loan; that is the truth of the matter.
Deepak Chopra, Why Is God Laughing?: The Path to Joy and Spiritual Optimism|How can you seek God if he's already here? It's like standing n the ocean and crying out, 'I want to get wet.' You want to get over the line to God. It turns out he was always there." Francisco's eyes began to gleam. "Grace comes to those who stop struggling. When it really sinks in that there's nothing you can do to find God, he suddenly appears. That's the deepest mystery, the only one that counts
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|He talks about God, and loving God. he says that when we open to loving a person, whether that person is a spouse, friend, or child, we open our hearts to loving God. He says when we let someone love us, we're opening our hearts to god's love. he says the acts are the same. p 19I decide loving isn't for the fain. Its for the courageous. p 19
Robert Dunbar, Martyrs and Monsters|There are portions of the sovereign people who spend most of their spare time and spare money on motoring and comparing motor cars, on bridge-whist and post-mortems, on moving pictures and potboilers, talking always to the same people with minute variations on the same old themes. They cannot really be said to suffer from censorship, or secrecy, the high cost or the difficulty of communication. They suffer from anemia, from lack of appetite and curiosity for the human scene. Theirs is no problem of access to the world outside. Worlds of interest are waiting for them to explore, and they do not enter.
Aunguttara Nikaya|It be urged that the wild and uncultivated tree, hitherto yielding sour and bitter fruit only, can never be made to yield better; yet we know that the grafting art implants a new tree on the savage stock, producing what is most estimable in kind and degree. Education, in like manner, engrafts a new man on the native stock, and improves what in his nature was vicious and perverse into qualities of virtue and social worth.
Marlon Amparo|There was once a man went on a journey to correct his regrets, He tried everything he could. At the end of his journey he realized that no matter how hard he tries, the door of miracles will never opened for him. That is why he thought, instead of regretting about the past what's more important is now is changing the present for the future.
Billy Sunday|A promise fulfilled may be a classic moment, but prophecies mean anticlimax. How much more awesome was an unexpected salvation?
Tabi Card, Spinner|I don’t know how much longer I can keep pretending. How long I can contain the storm I am becoming; the emotions pushed aside that grow and strengthen, clamoring for their release. I can resist only so much. One day I won’t be able to fake a smile or weave a lie. One day I am going to explode.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Here's what I want you to learn from this: Never let someone answer a question for you. Jump in with anything at all to make sure hat you're the one talking. Say, 'That's an interesting question', or 'I'm glad you asked that question,' or 'Oh goody, my favorite subject.' Say anything that will guarantee that you're in the conversation about yourself and not out of it like a teenager standing next to her mother at a cocktail party. You must tell your own story, never let someone, even someone as familiar to you as your sister-in-law think she knows you better than you know yourself. She only sees what you do, she doesn't' see who you are inside. If I regret anything when I look back, it's how often I allowed people to think what they wanted to thing. I should've stopped them sort. I should've laughed at their assumptions. I should've hooted with laughter, 'Hoo hoo hoo,' and followed with twinkling, mischievous smile just to throw them off, just to keep them guessing,The problem is they watch what you do, who you love, how you cook, what you read and what you don't read, and they decide what it means, and sometimes you're not there to stop them, or you get the timing wrong. I've always wondered why people look so much to action for meaning. When people tell you a story, something that happened to them, something important, don't ask them what they did , ask them what they wanted to do, what they want to do is who they are. Actions are whispers compared to dreams.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It is said that if you want to change the world, take pen and write. I want to add that if you want to maintain that change, then be the ruler to rule the pen's lines. True rulers are true leaders; they maintain a change!
Liz Phair|I can't advise any of the young ones, because I don't know what their background was, but I would suggest that anyone who wants to be famous more than anything - there's a real problem.
Alex Gaskarth|Always ask yourself why God created me? If you know the answer, you are on the right path .
Auliq Ice|Passion is the fuel that keeps your venture going,even when income is no where to be found.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Masks. - There are women who, however you may search them, prove to have no content but are purely masks. The man who associates with such almost spectral, necessarily unsatisfied beings is to be commiserated with, yet it is precisely they who are able to arouse the desire of the man most strongly: he seeks for her soul - and goes on seeking.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the joy, hope and love of existence.
Debasish Mridha|My love is for you life after life, for infinite time, my love is for you, forever.
Emory R. Frie, Neverland|It was his vocation to pleasure as many women as possible, in pursuit of his own pleasure. It was as close to a job as he got.
Russell Hoban, The Lion of Boaz-Jachin and Jachin-Boaz|I have forgotten more of my life than I remember, and with my forgetting I have lost my being.
Peace Pilgrim|Every goal, every action, every thought, every feeling one experiences, whether it be consciously or unconsciously known, is an attempt to increase one's level of peace of mind.
C.G. Jung, Dreams|From generation to generation, lights are extinguished and darkness threatens until some one stoops to bear the torch.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|There are three types of student: The golden student pays and loans, the silver student pays but does not learn, the bronze student learns but does not pay.
Nonnie Jules|Your words and deeds are seeds, scattered in the wind... the seeds are light or darkness... they'll break apart or mend... Sow light instead of gloom. Sow faith instead of doubt. Sow truth and love, and hope, and peace. Sow light and darkness rout.
Debasish Mridha|Life is about cherishing memories, getting lost in moments of beauty, and enjoying profound joy and happiness.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|When you play a sax, that saxophone is irreverent. It's noisy; it's a trickster... you cannot hide the saxophone in your hands, so it's a good teacher.
Tali Sharot, Neuroscience of Preference and Choice: Cognitive and Neural Mechanisms|A further, albeit more complex, possibility is that our conscious selves might suffer from characteristic uncertainty about our true values, and gather information about them from choices we make (the Jamesian: "How do I know what I like until I see what I pick").
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|You think I am very cute, you think me sexy, as well. I can read your thoughts, remember.” I hoisted myself up and slid across his body. You are conceited, arrogant, and domineering, everything I dislike in a man. And you are independent, stubborn, and heedless, everything I dislike in a women. I slid my hands under his back and kissed his dampened lips. So why is it that I love you so much? He smiled a smug, masculine little smile and captured my legs with his. Because I love you, and to be loved by a Dark One is enough for any woman.I pinched him in a particularly vulnerable spot and allowed him to kiss me with all the sexy arrogance he had.
Sophie Barnes, The Earl's Complete Surrender|Books are my passion," James told her, "I cannot imagine passing a day without reading.
Langdon Brown Gilkey|Religion is not the place where the problem of man's egotism is automatically solved. Rather, it is there that the ultimate battle between human pride and God's grace takes place. Human pride may win the battle, and then religion can and does become one more instrument of human sin. But if there the self does meet God and His grace, and so surrenders to something beyond its self-interest, then Christian faith can prove to be the needed and rare release from human self-concern.
Rex Reed|I hope, Cecily, I shall not offend you if I state quite frankly and openly that you seem to me to be in every way the visible personification of absolute perfection.
Karen Armstrong, Fields of Blood: Religion and the History of Violence|The less justified a man is in claiming excellence for his own self, the more ready he is to claim all excellence for his nation, his religion, his race or his holy cause.
Lama Surya Das, Letting Go of the Person You Used to Be: Lessons on Change, Loss, and Spiritual Transformation|I believe that this is the time to become warriors for peace and dialogue, not warmongers or mere worriers.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. That’s where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go.
Augusto Roa Bastos, I, the Supreme|It is not by believing but by doubting that one can attain to the truth, which is ever changing form and condition.
Steven Magee|Faraday has the Cage, Tesla has the Coil and Magee has the Sandwich!
Kamand Kojouri|How is it possible, you ask, for love to be greater than the person who does the loving? That’s because love defies the rules of reason. It is the only exception.
Oliver Tambo|The best CEOs I know are teachers, and at the core of what they teach is strategy.
Cory Stallworth|The Ultimate Rule ought to be: 'If it sounds GOOD to you, it's bitchin'; if it sounds BAD to YOU, it's shitty. The more your musical experience, the easier it is to define for yourself what you like and what you don't like.
Anne Sexton, The Complete Poems|Watch out for intellect,because it knows so much it knows nothingand leaves you hanging upside down,mouthing knowledge as your heartfalls out of your mouth.
Ralph Boston|I'm a writer who stacks cat food for a living. It's true: I have a master's degree in creative writing, I've published two critically successful books, and I get paid to replenish the shelves of my local food co-op with pet food, sponges and toilet paper. Nine days out of 10, I do it quite happily.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|Sorry, folks, but the maximum occupancy is seventy-five,” Albert said. Then he spotted Jack. “Jack, how’s it going?”“What? Oh, fine.” Jack was confused as to how to proceed. He didn’t want to wait in line if Brianna wasn’t even inside.“You look like a man with a question,” Albert prompted.“Well, I’m kind of looking for Brianna. We had this…it’s a…tech thing. You wouldn’t understand.”“Breeze is already inside.”One of the kids in the line said, “Of course she is, she’s a freak. They always get in.”A second kid nodded. “Yeah, the freaks don’t wait in lines. Bet she didn’t have to pay, either.”Albert said, “Hey, she got here a little before you guys did and she waited. And she paid.” Then to Jack. “Go ahead in.”“See?” the first kid crowed. “He’s one, too.”“Dude, he set up my sound system,” Albert said. “What have you done for me other than stand here and bust on me?
Michael Jackson|Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Shivali Singla|If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased
Jean-Paul Sartre|Wars can be prevented just as surely as they can be provoked, and we who fail to prevent them, must share the guilt for the dead.
Luis von Ahn|I've been programming computers since elementary school, where they taught us, and I stuck with computer science through high school and college.
Vennela|Slowly like a movie fade out, the real world evaporates. I'm alone, inside the world of the story. My favorite feeling in the world.
Sarah J. Maas|Fireheart, why do you cry?""Because I am lost. And do not know the way
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Refugees|Utopia is a collective shift of perception away. Abundance is all around us. Only our efforts at tower-building blind us to it, our gaze forever skyward, forever seeking to escape this Earth, this feeling, this moment.
C.M.  Hayden, The Stars That Form Us|I don’t need immortality. The fear of death keeps a girl sharp. It helps us remember that what we do here, now, matters. What good is immortality, if you’re just a dirty little despot in some shitty corner of the world?
Steve Maraboli|The merits and services of Christianity have been industriously extolled by its hired advocates. Every Sunday its praises are sounded from myriads of pulpits. It enjoys the prestige of an ancient establishment and the comprehensive support of the State. It has the ear of rulers and the control of education. Every generation is suborned in its favor. Those who dissent from it are losers, those who oppose it are ostracised; while in the past, for century after century, it has replied to criticism with imprisonment, and to scepticism with the dungeon and the stake. By such means it has induced a general tendency to allow its pretensions without inquiry and its beneficence without proof.
Russell H. Conwell, Acres of Diamonds|The root of all true greatness, is humility.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|We fear discovering that we are more than we think we are. More than our parents/children/teachers think we are. We fear that we actually possess the talent that our still, small voice tells us. That we actually have the guts, the perseverance, the capacity. We fear that we truly can steer our ship, plant our flag, reach our Promised Land. We fear this because, if it’s true, then we become estranged from all we know. We pass through a membrane. We become monsters and monstrous.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|She recognized in Kelsey the nationalism of liberal Americans who copiously criticized America but did not like you to do so; they expected you to be silent and grateful, and always reminded you of how much better than wherever you had come from America was.
Ankala V Subbarao|To improve quality of life, to evolve into a better version of ourselves, to pause in recognition of blessings with only our name on the tag, to dance in graitutde, to embrance with abandon, to give without receiving, to seek the face of God ... all this and more is why we exisit.
Virchand Gandhi|Every family has secrets, Reena, and they’re there for a reason.
Yusuf Al-Qaradawi, Uṣūl al Fiqh al Islāmī: Source Methodology in Islamic Jurisprudence|Half the published articles on Gaza contain a standard reference to its resemblance to a vast open-air prison (and when I last saw it under Israeli occupation it certainly did deserve this metaphor). The problem is that, given its ideology and its allies, Hamas qualifies rather too well in the capacity of guard and warder.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|You'd be amazed to discover all the tangible things that can come out of dreams." "Like drool?
Abhinav Rajput|Juggernaut of ignorance marauds the voices of wisdom. That explains the ultra anxious, subconsciously depressed minds trying to justify their irascible behaviour. Thus, unsettling the collective consciousness before they justify their aggressive view points.
Stephan Labossiere|Everyone isn't going to embrace your value, but that doesn't mean you need to go and change your price.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|In February 1912, ancient China came to an end when the last of three millennia of Chinese emperors abdicated.Imagine twentieth-century Italy coming to terms with the fall of the Roman empire or Egypt with the last pharaoh abdicating in 1912. For China, the last century has been a period of transition - dramatic change and perpetual revolution.
Mary Connealy, Sharpshooter in Petticoats|So now the sky was falling. Maybe the end of the world. Maybe Jesus coming again. That suited her.White lights shot across the sky. She lost count. She stood and watched through Sidney's telescope and felt. For the first time in a year she wasn't ice cold all the way to her soul. It was as close as she could be to free in her stronghold of a home.Logic told her that the world probably wasn't coming to an end. That would be too easy. She hadn't had an easy day in her life.She pulled the telescope away from her eye and watched white slices of heavenly light. Content with the goosebumps of fear, her spirits rose. Assuming the world wasn't ending, she'd come to a good place out here. Her children were safe. She was safe-- bitterly lonely but safe.
Iain Thomas, I Wrote This For You|Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The religion I am talking about here is plain everyday humanism. That’s exactly what the person named Jesus attempted to spread, but due to innate psychological reasons, his pupils ended up constructing yet another orthodox circle with its own distinct beliefs, ideals and fantasies.
Max Frisch, Homo Faber|Essentially, all models are wrong, but some are useful
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|The journey of the Freedom Seeker isn’t always easy. But it is essential, and it is urgent, for it is the path to coming alive again.
Chris Colfer, The Enchantress Returns|And the old woman who had been the prince’s nurse became nurse to the prince’s children — at least she was called so; though she was far too old to do anything for them but love them. Yet she still thought that she was useful, and knew that she was happy. And happy, indeed, were the prince and princess, who in due time became king and queen, and lived and ruled long and prosperously.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Of course you don’t trust Braith. You don’t trust anybody,” Ghleanna reminded their brother. “You don’t trust the air.”“Because it tends to become unseasonably chilly when I’d prefer it to be warm. It’s as if it does it on purpose.
Terence McKenna|The reason we feel alienated is because the society is infantile, trivial, and stupid. So the cost of sanity in this society is a certain level of alienation. I grapple with this because I’m a parent. And I think anybody who has children, you come to this realization, you know—what’ll it be? Alienated, cynical intellectual? Or slack-jawed, half-wit consumer of the horseshit being handed down from on high? There is not much choice in there, you see. And we all want our children to be well adjusted; unfortunately, there’s nothing to be well adjusted to!
Nancy McKeon|When I was as you are now, towering in the confidence of twenty-one, little did I suspect that I should be at forty-nine, what I now am.
Anonymous|Krishna,Christ, Allah we are one but you idiot humans divided me
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|To what purpose should I trouble myself in searching out the secrets of the stars, having death or slavery continually before my eyes?
Lita Burke, Ephraim's Curious Device|How inappropriate,’ Lila said coldly. ‘Who’d ever dream of showing up at a dance in a wheelchair? What does she think she’s going to do all night?
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When it comes to creating million dollar inventive ideas, most people stop short of reaching the mother stratum while mining their own seam of gold! Genius takes effort and passion.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Some people live as though they are already dead. There are people moving around us who are consumed by their past, terrified of their future, and stuck in their anger and jealousy. They are not alive; they are just walking corpses.
Peter Matthiessen|When we are mired in the relative world, never lifting our gaze to the mystery, our life is stunted, incomplete; we are filled with yearning for that paradise that is lost when, as young children, we replace it with words and ideas and abstractions - such as merit, such as past, present, and future - our direct, spontaneous experience of the thing itself, in the beauty and precision of this present moment.
Saskia Walker, The Jezebel|They are my men and this ship my responsibility. I vowed no woman would ever alter my path. Yet I kept them from ending you, and it makes me sick to the gut, for I would still rather die myself than see one hair on your head damaged by another man.
John Geiger|Constantly seeking approval means you’re perpetually worried that others are forming negative judgments of you. This steals the fun, ingenuity, and spontaneity from your life. Flip the switch on this habit. If you’re lucky enough to have something that makes you different from everybody else, don’t be ashamed and don’t change. Uniqueness is priceless. In this crazy world that’s trying to make you like everyone else, find the courage to keep being your remarkable self. It takes a lot of courage to stand alone, but being unapologetically YOU is worth it!
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|In today’s saturated marketplace, you’ll go nowhere selling a “bunch of features.” We are in the business of disrupting the market with brands that matter.
Adam Leith Gollner, The Book of Immortality: The Science, Belief, and Magic Behind Living Forever|The twentieth century prided itself on invalidating the metaphysical. Doubts about the afterlife arose even as so-called nonbelievers attempted to locate surrogates for the loss of meaning atheism occasioned. Enraptured with progress, we deepened our collective worship of science. As incredulity to metanarratives rose, so did a massive publicity campaign to convince us of the omnipotence of science.
Peter J. Tanous|There are a few rules in investigations, and one is to never cringe at the person’s appearance that you’re about to pump for info.
Leonardo da Vinci|As iron rusts when not used, and water gets foul from standing or turns to ice when exposed to cold, so the intellect degenerates without exercise.-Leonard Da Vinci
Emma Chase, Tangled|She talks like you. It’s not every day you hear a four-year-old say Prince Charming is a douchebag who’s only holding Cinderella back.” "That’s my girl.
Richelle E. Goodrich|If you ever feel to express proper gratitude for the good things of this life, be sure that you express your gratitude for the right thing. Very likely you will not have a great deal of gratitude, and you must not waste any of it but what you do have will be of the most excellent quality. For it will accumulate, and the accumulation will all go to quality. And the things for which you are to be grateful are the bitternesses you have known.If you have had it in mind ever to give way to bursts of gratitude for this air that comes from off the salt sea, for that line of pearls and violets that you see just above the horizon, for the health of your body, for the sleep that comes to you at the close of the day, for any of those things, then get rid of the idea at once. Those things are quite well, but they are not really given to you. They are merely placed where any one can reach them with little effort. The kind fates don't care whether you get them or not. Their responsibility ends when they leave them 
Joyce Carol Oates, Mudwoman|And remember: you must not overwork your body, or your soul. You must not enslave yourself, as you would not enslave any other person. You must be the custodian of your self.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|He never, even in the most casual conversation with friends, spoke a sentence which did not sound as if it was ready for the air.
Maureen Callahan|If there was a dress that could make a fashion-appreciative girl out of me, this was it. The colors shimmered from gunmetal to pewter, reminding me of frost on the hedgerows where the light caught. The V of the neck decoratively dipped towards what Martha told me was an empty line, where organza, the color of stormy skies, fell all the way to the floor.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|That is the fear: I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it.
Seanan McGuire, Whedonistas!: A Celebration of the Worlds of Joss Whedon by the Women Who Love Them|He was looking for programs on which he might be allowed to appear. But it was too early in the evening for programs that allowed people with peculiar opinions to speak out. It was only a little after eight o'clock, so all the shows were about silliness or murder.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|A loving soul was always more beautiful over the long haul, but actual prettiness was fleeting.
Philip Yancey, In His Image|God reproduces and lives out His image in millions of ordinary people like us. It is a supreme mystery. We are called to bear that image as a Body because any one of us taken individually would present an incomplete image, one partly false and always distorted, like a single glass chip hacked from a mirror. But collectively, in all our diversity, we can come together as a community of believers to restore the image of God in the world. (In His Image, Philip Yancey and Dr. Paul Brand, p. 40)
Kathrine Mansfield|When I die and go to heaven, to St. Peter, I will tell: "one more soldier reporting for duty, sir. I've served my time in hell.
Marco Rubio|My question about luging is, How do you get into the luge community to begin with? Is it one day like, 'Mom, Dad, I really want to luge.' And your parents are like: 'O.K., I'll quit my job. We'll move to an Alpine community.'
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Aggression is such a powerful feeling, its almost arousing when your whole body goes tense, hardens up, and you suppress every single emotion your heart can produce, and the shaking, the sweat that pour off your face, the heavy breathing, its almost like getting a rush of adrenaline over and over again
Erin Hunter, Moonrise|Somewhere in our DNA must lie the key mutation (or, more probably, mutations) that set us apart—the mutations that make us the sort of creature that could wipe out its nearest relative, then dig up its bones and reassemble its genome.
Bhavya Kaushik|I believe that sometimes, the moment you say goodbye could be as painful as a lifetime worth of pain that you can experience while living with the memories of your loved ones. I couldn’t stop myself from hallucinating about all those things that could have happened, while you were walking away from me today. I stopped walking and turned my head, expecting for you to do the same. I stayed there, motionless, and waited – for you to turn once, to smile, or wave. But you didn’t. You just continued walking away from me, while I stayed there watching your silhouette becoming smaller, and smaller with time, until it disappeared completely. There was nothing else to wait. “What happened?” she asked me when I turned my head again towards the platform.“She let me go, finally,” was all I could say.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If negative emotions have gain access into your heart, it is because you have given it attention. If memories of pain and hurt dominates your heart, it is because you gave them attention. How can a memory hurt you when it has only happened? It can only hurt you when you give it attention.
James T. Webb, Misdiagnosis and Dual Diagnoses of Gifted Children and Adults: ADHD, Bipolar, OCD, Asperger's, Depression, and Other Disorders|On occasions the person may appear ill-mannered; for example, one young man with Asperger's Syndrome wanted to attract his mother;s attention while she was talking to a group of her friends, and loudly said, 'Hey, you!', apparently unaware of the more appropriate means of addressing his mother in public. The child, being impulsive and not aware of the consequences, says the first thing that comes into their mind. Strangers may consider the child to be rude, inconsiderate or spoilt, giving the parents a withering look and assuming the unusual social behavior is a result of parental incompetence. They may comment, 'Well, if I had him for two weeks he would be a different child.' The parents' reaction may be that they would gladly let them have the child, as they need a rest, and to prove a point.
Chris Rock|You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named "Bush", "Dick", and "Colin." Need I say more?
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|Introverted seekers need introverted evangelists. It's not that extroverts can't communicate the gospel, either verbally or nonverbally, in ways that introverts find appealing, it's that introverted seekers need to know and see that it's possible to lead the Christian life as themselves. It's imperative for them to understand that becoming a Christian is not tantamount with becoming an extrovert.
Dorothy Day, The Reckless Way of Love: Notes on Following Jesus|Believe me, it is quite unnecessary! I neither know nor care what it cost to redeem Lufra—and if you badger me on this very boring matter I shall not invite you to go with me when I try out my new team!”There was a moment’s tense silence; then Jessamy raised his eyes, no longer glowing, but uncomfortably austere. “Very well, sir,” he said quietly. “Will you tell me, if you please, what I owe you?”“No, young Stiff-rump! I will not!
Mary J. Blige|Those of us who care about food and where it comes from will miss both Obama and Michelle. Even though Obama failed to do many things he indicated he would do around food, Michelle Obama has done a lot to shine a light on the link between diet and health, which is really important.
Amy Tintera|You smell so good,""No, I don't, I smell like death.""You're crazy, you're not dead. You do not smell like death.""I was dead a long time.""And now you're not. Hence the alive smell.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we repent, the Lord will forgive us.
Hamidreza Bagheri|Taylor,” Nathan said, “Why didn’t you take the rest of us?”	“I didn’t want to put you in danger,” she said.	“Gee, thanks,” I said.	“Hey, I brought Jayden, remember? He insisted on bringing you.”	“Gee, thanks,” Jayden crossed his arms and frowned.
Joanna Newsom|I wasn't born of a whistle or milked from a thistle at twilightNo I was all horns and thorns sprung out fully formed, knock-kneed and upright.
Gerald Morris, The Squire's Tale|Ay, you've already seen that you and your master aren't quite at home in this world, at least not like before.' Terence nodded slowly. 'It'll only get stronger, too,' Robin continued. 'Soon you'll find yourself looking into people's eyes to see if they've been there. And once you find someone who has, you'll greet him as a long-lost friend and take him to your heart.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|When both the inner man and woman takes responsibility for themselves and lives their own truth, a joy and love begins to flow naturally between them. Through understanding both the inner man and woman, we understand that outer relationships simply mirror the relationship between our inner man and woman. This understanding gives us the opportunity to take conscious responsibility for our choices and our further steps towards spiritual maturity.
Auliq Ice|Don’t believe it when people tell you that you will never accomplish anything great in life, or that you’re ordinary or should just stay the same as everybody else. Don’t let them define you, your life or your future. Don’t let society or people restrict or blind you with their definitions of what’s beautiful and what’s not, and what’s successful and what’s not, follow your heart.
Beth Burrows|You don’t need extra food, extra water, extra clothing for extra warmth – anything extra. You don’t need soap or deodorant. Everything you carry you should need daily.
Robert Jordan, The Eye of the World|When you want wisdom and insight as badly as you want to breathe, it is then you shall have it.
Simon R. Green, Agents of Light and Darkness|Fat Charlie wondered what Rosie's mother would usually hear in a church. Probably just cries of "Back! Foul best of Hell!" followed by gasps of "Is it alive?" and a nervous inquiry as to whether anybody had remembered to bring the stakes and hammers.
Michael  Grant, Lies|Beautiful songs could sometimes take a person out of themselves and carry them away to a place of magic. But when Jill sang, it was not about the song, really. She could sing the phone book. She could sing a shopping list. Whatever she sang, whatever the words or the tune, it was so beautiful, so achingly lovely, that no one could listen and be untouched.
V. Raymond Edman|Climbing in the Spirit is accompanied by kneeling, and not by running; by surrender, and not by determination. Despair of self leads to utter desperation; but beyond these mists lies the sunshine of God's presence.
Katrina Abbott, Taking The Reins|Yeah, well. Don’t be that guy, Brady. Don’t be the guy who loves his horse too much.
Yahtzee Croshaw, Will Save the Galaxy for Food|Glacier blue plasma rippled and sparked across the interior of the portal. “It seems keeping secrets is what you do.”“Secrets are merely the necessary means. Survival is the end goal. Survival of ourselves, survival of species who do not deserve to be eradicated from the universe. Survival of the universe itself.”“Survival’s noble and all, but what good is it without the freedom to live as you choose?”“A question you have the luxury to ask because you survive.
John Hume|God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended.
Rod McKuen|I love you and I will until the end of time.And just as she said the words, two bright stars drifted past them overhead and disappeared into the night sky together…
Molly Ivins|As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office.
Amruta Patil, Kari|Thomas was like a drug, so smooth and overwhelming that he took one up a level in their emotions just by watching him and listening to him. He was a natural entertainer, filled with talent and knowledge on many subjects and a keen sense of the arts and music. I admired him as he performed for us, and I forgot the ugliness again
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|And suddenly she knew exactly why Catherine had fallen in love with him. It wasn't that he was unusually attractive, or ambitious, or even charming. He was partly those things, but more important, he seemed to live life on his own terms.
Alain de Botton|For food to be romantic, it should be light. Too many times people plan a romantic meal, and the food is too heavy.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|I suspect he's sweet on Sophie and doesn't like to see her work too hard.'Tessa was glad to hear it. She'd felt awful about her reaction to Sophie's scar, and the thought that Sophie had a male admirer - and a handsome one like that- eased her conscience slightly. 'Perhaps he's in love with Agatha', she said.'I hope not. I intend to marry Agatha myself. She may be a thousand years old, but she makes an incomparable jam tart. Beauty fades, but cooking is eternal.
Tahir Shah, Beyond The Devil's Teeth|The very fact that a Frenchman was prepared, after tow minutes of conversation, to be so friendly towards anyone, especially one who had come from England, made me restless.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I'd swallow some whiskey and listen to the waves while I thought about Naoko. It was too strange to think that she was dead and no longer part of this world. I couldn't absorb the truth of it. I couldn't believe it. I had heard the nails being driven into the lid of her coffin, but I still couldn't adjust to the fact that she had returned to nothingness.
Andrew Olendzki, Unlimiting Mind: The Radically Experiential Psychology of Buddhism|Of all the nouns we use to disguise the hollowness of the human condition, none is more influential than "myself". It consists of a collage of still images - name, gender, nationality, profession, enthusiasms, relationships - which are renovated from time to time, but otherwise are each a relic from one particular experience or another. The defining teaching of the Buddhist tradition, that of non-self, is merely pointing out the limitations of this reflexive view we hold of ourselves. It's not that the self does not exist, but that it is as cobbled together and transient as everything else. [With] the practice of meditation, ... we can begin to see how each artifact of the mind is raised and lowered to view, like so many flashcards. But we can also glimpse, once in a while, the sleight-of-hand shuffling the card and pulling them off the deck. Behind the objects lies a process. Self is a process. Self is a verb.
Debasish Mridha|When stress is the disease, then forgiveness and laughter are the medicine.
Stellan Skarsgard|I went on a book tour immediately after 9/11. I was due to leave the following Wednesday, so I just did. It was an amazing thing, because planes hadn't been flying very many days, and I got on this plane and went to San Francisco, and the minute that plane lifted above the clouds, I felt this incredible sense of lightness.
Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing|Literature is claimed to be a mirror of the world,” I said, “but the Outlanders are fooling themselves. The BookWorld is as orderly as people in the RealWorld *hope* their own world to be—it isn’t a mirror, it’s an aspiration.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|Very often history is a means of denying the past. Denying the past is to refuse to recognise its integrity. To fit it, force it, function it, to suck out the spirit until it looks the way you think it should. We are all historians in our small way.
Catherine Bell|On my days off, I like to be outdoors - on my bike or walking the dog or swimming - so it's important anyone I date is also into fitness.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Why am I made the way I am? Why do I care about all the wrong things, and nothing at all for the right ones? Or, to tip it another way: how can I see clearly that everything I love or care about is illusion, and yet – for me, anyway – all that’s worth living for lies in that charmA great sorrow, and one that I am only beginning to understand: we don't get to choose our own hearts. We can't make ourselves want what's good for us or what's good for other people. We don't get to choose the people we are.
Himmilicious|I live like a woman and I love like a man. If only,you can deal with it.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|Our lips were for each other and our eyes were full of dreams. We knew nothing of travel and we knew nothing of loss. Ours was a world of eternal spring, until the summer came.
Widad Akreyi|A vision without a practical plan to develop it, is only that… “a vision.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Juno MacGuff: Nah... I mean, I'm already pregnant, so what other kind of shenanigans could I get into? 
Trey Songz|I just really think every job I do, I get this gypsy attitude to money.
Lauren Miller, Parallel|Your path will change. Your destiny never will.""But what if I'm on the wrong path?""There is no wrong path. Not when it comes to destiny. There are only detours, you see.
Creed Bratton|We never respect those who amuse us, however we may smile at their comic powers.
Soheir Khashoggi, Nadia's Song|But things change, people change, Gaby. Otherwise what would be the point of living?
Philipp Meyer|I'm a product of a military dictatorship. Under a dictatorship, you cannot trust information or dispense it freely because of censorship. So Brazilians become very flexible in the use of metaphors. They learn to communicate with double meanings.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|Good, because if the guy isn't making you walk funny after sex, then probably isn't anything to write home to mom about.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|When the door to suicide opens it becomes a viable option that you never considered before, but, once ajar, it initiates an invasion strategy. Day by day thoughts blacken under the occupation of the new inhabitant. It becomes an all-consuming addiction that makes its home in your head and heart and, before you know it, the whole neighbourhood is talking and thinking about suicide. Eventually, the mind is overwhelmed by the conspiracy of its own darkness and begins to wage war against the body. At this point, the body is powerless.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|In infancy, our blood is strong and our energy is plentiful. Mind and body, thought and action are one. Everything we do is in harmony with the natural order. The infant is not affected by things that happen around him. Virtue and ethics cannot restrain his will. Naked and free of social conventions, he follows the natural path of the heart.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Like many liberal men in the age of feminism, he believed women should have equal access to jobs and be given equal pay, but when it came to matters of home and heart he still believed caregiving was the female role. Like many men, he wanted a woman to be 'just like his mama' so that he did not have to do the work of growing up.
José Saramago|This advice from a college freshman carrying a cane?""It's a walking stick, I'll have you know.""Same difference.""Hardly. It's fashion.
Amish Tripathi, The Immortals of Meluha|There are many realities. There are many versions of what may appearobvious. Whatever appears as the unshakeable truth, its exact oppositemay also be true in another context. After all, one's reality is butperception, viewed through various prisms of context.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Journey’s endIn western lands beneath the SunThe flowers may rise in Spring,The trees may bud, the waters run,The merry finches sing.Or there maybe 'tis cloudless night,And swaying branches bearThe Elven-stars as jewels whiteAmid their branching hair.Though here at journey's end I lieIn darkness buried deep,Beyond all towers strong and high,Beyond all mountains steep,Above all shadows rides the SunAnd Stars for ever dwell:I will not say the Day is done,Nor bid the Stars farewell.J.
Madelibe Levine|True or false, that which is set of men often occupies as important a place in their lives, and above all in their destinies, as that which they do.
Simon Sinek|Being funny wasn't a career choice growing up, it was my way out of situations; a way to survive another day.
Mohamed Saad|Unless you build castles in the air, how can you make them?
Jim Morrison|Love is a dream. Dreams are good, but do not be surprised if you wake up in tears.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When all things go bad, do not think so badly about all things, instead think about the things that made all things went bad and change something!
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|…He rocked against her, his body shuddering against hers again and again, until he collapsed on top of her and buried his face in her hair.Brooke felt his heart beating against her chest as they lay there, boneless. For two people who preferred to speak in quips and sarcasm, that had been unexpectedly…intense.She wasn’t quite sure how to feel about that.Then Cade spoke.“I think this is the first time I’ve ever used this table,” he said, against her neck.Brooke began to laugh. My God, he was still inside her and she was already giggling. “I take it you don’t do a lot of formal entertaining.”He pulled back, his dark hair falling across his forehead. “Were you not entertained, Ms. Parker?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you live today, being accountable for yesterday, today will be better because you would have taken the chance to know the activities and people who unmade and made your day and edit today's plans for the better.
- Agatha Christie|Use your little grey cells mon ami" (Hercule Poirot in 'The Mysterious Affair At Styles')
Edward Rutherfurd, New York|Don't you know there's another bubble as well? An expectations bubble. Bigger houses, private planes, yachts... stupid salaries and bonuses. People come to desire these things and expect them. But the expectations bubble will burst as well, as all bubbles do.
Charmaine J. Forde|He preferred to give in the light,because whenit was dark, he was afraid his giving would go unnoticed
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|What I know about you, Henry,” he said. “Is that you, as big as you are, know how to walk gently on this earth.
Kailash Kher|Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love.
Michael   Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship That Changed Our Minds|Look forward. Every regret, every mournful thought, takes so much out of your life.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|But all I could see was her. No skill of mine, no artist anywhere, could’ve immortalized how gorgeous she was. It was impossible to believe she’d ever had any doubts about her body. The firelight shone on her skin, golden and perfect, making her look like some radiant goddess of legend. I wanted to kneel before her and offer eternal obedience.
JUVENALIUS|Juvenalius has problems... though like most kids on the threshold of sexual awareness he only knows life sucks... he isn't clear about why. His mother rants on and on about the iniquity of his school having a gay straight alliance. She's quite safe about that, as Ryan is too shy to join, or is that scared? His only friend is a dog so the question of boy or girl-friend hardly arises... until he gets a valentine... from the least likely boy in the school.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Why does the social order feel the need to defend itself by evading the fact of real women, our faces and voices and bodies, and reducing the meaning of women to these formulaic and endlessly reproduced "beautiful" images? Though unconscious personal anxieties can be a powerful force in the creation of a vital lie, economic necessity practically guarantees it. An economy that depends on slavery needs to promote images of slaves that "justify" the institution of slavery. Western economies are absolutely dependent now on the continued underpayment of women. An idealogy that makes women feel "worth less" was urgently needed to counteract the way feminism had begun to make us feel worth more. This does not require a conspiracy; merely an atmosphere. The contemporary economy depends right now on the representation of women within the beauty myth.
Marc Acito, Attack of the Theater People|I shouldn't be surprised. Catholicism is the ultimate loophole religion (sin, confess, repeat), so it makes sense that a priest would know better than anyone how to work the angles. Still, when you go to confession and say, "Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned," you don't expect him to say, "So, who hasn't?
Mark Twain|Peace by persuasion has a pleasant sound, but I think we should not be able to work it. We should have to tame the human race first, and history seems to show that that cannot be done.
Jan Britland, The Adventures of Rodger Dodger Dog Activities Book|Of all the gifts you can get, friends and family are the best!
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|I didn't know what I wanted to Be...A sense that I had permanently botched things already, embarked on the trip without the map. and it scared me too, that I might end up as a mother of 3 working in a psychiatrist's office, or renting surfboards...I guess I saw their lives as failed somehow, absent of the Big Win...What is fate was an inherited trait? What if luck came through the genetic line, and the ability to "succeed" at your chosen "direction" was handed down, just like the family china? Maybe I was destined to be a weed too.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|You don't have to, Henry. In here, I think my dream is big enough for the both of us.
Ann Marie Aguilar|Depression exist without you knowing it, even denying it. It is not an illusion. You don't even know you're in it. It takes awhile before you realize it. If you deny it, it means your still in there or else you won't talk about your misery and the dramas in your life.
Sylvia Waugh, The Mennyms|Being Soobie, always honest to himself, he was prepared to be no less than honest to God. – I do not know who made the part of me that thinks. I do not know who I really am or what I really am. I am never satisfied to pretend. I cannot pretend that you are listening to me. I can only give you the benefit of the doubt. And it is a massive doubt, I can tell you. I do not know whether I believe in you, and, what is worse, you might not believe in me. But I need help and there is nowhere else to turn. The flesh-and-blood people who come here have something they called faith. Please, if you are listening to a rag doll with a blue face, let the faith of those others be enough for you to help me. I must find my sister, or my mother will be the first of us to die. Dear God, I don’t even know what that means!
Shannon Tanner, Worthy: The POWER of Wholeness|When identity is based on outward titles, material possessions, academic achievements or even relationship status, we place ourselves in a very fragile state. Until we are simply “enough” because of who we are “being” and not because of what we are “doing,” our self-esteem and worth will continue to be “tossed to and fro,” as our outer conditions are subject to change.
V.S. Carnes|Take a seat, Charlie,” he said. “I’ll kill you in a few minutes. It’ll be good for you.
Gregory Maguire, The Next Queen of Heaven|She said she didn't love him, and he said it didn't matter, and the poverty of their words brought tears to their eyes.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I swear that girl was born with a pen in her hand, the moon in her hair, and stars in her soul.
Dalai Lama|Generally speaking, if a human being never shows anger, then I think something's wrong. He's not right in the brain.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|The real world has its limits; the imaginary world is infinite. Unable to enlarge the one, let us restrict the other, for it is from the difference between the two alone that are born all the pains which make us truly unhappy.
Gerry Adams|I would kiss you, had I the courage.
Rajesh Walecha|Change the life is difficult but not impossible,Just we need to take a step forward and that is only the difficulty
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to search the Scriptures yourself, to discover the glorious gospel.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Much less than a man, a little bit more than a jackal! This is the person without compassion!
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Don't feel moments in a life, feel lives in a moment
Rick Baker|To me, natural, healthy looking skin is really beautiful. With a little concealer, eyeshadow, liner, gloss and bronzer, I love my lighter makeup look. I've saved so much money on facials!
Theodore Roosevelt|Our fight is a fundamental fight against both of the old corrupt party machines, for both are under the dominion of the plunder league of the professional politicians who are controlled and sustained by the great beneficiaries of privilege and reaction.
Ella Wilcox Wheeler|I was a child and she was a child, In this kingdom by the sea,But we loved with a love that was more than love— I and my Annabel Lee—
Albert Alexander Bukoski|Rubbing noses with me, she laughed, and I swear the Elysian night sang with the sound of it.
Ben Okri|In college football, fans wallow in a culture of failure. Unless you root for Miami, you sadly wait for disaster to strike your team in a manner not seen outside of Fenway Park.
Sarah Wylie, All These Lives|Most people think the biggest sacrifice, the greates act of love you can give is to die for someone. And probably it is. But Sometimes it is the opposite. The biggest thing you can do for someone is to live.
Judith Fertig, The Cake Therapist|I'm sick of that, I said. Young, young, young, that's what I get, all day, everyday. But I know your secret....You're all terrified of young people. We remind you of what it was like to have ideals, faith, freedom. We remind you of the losses you've taken as you've grown cynical, numb, disenchanted, compromising the life you imagined. I don't have to compromise yet. I don't have to do a single thing I don't want to do. That's why you hate me.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|When you want to arrive at your goal more than you want to be doing what you're doing, you become stressed.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|But, as in the rest of Galilee, the profits firm this increase in the means of production disproportionately benefited the large landowners and moneylenders who resided outside Capernaum: the wealthy priests in Judea and new urban elite in Sepphoris and Tiberias. The majority of Capernaum's residents had been left behind by the new Galilean economy. It would be these people whom Jesus would specifically target - those who found themselves cast to the fingers of society, whose lives had been disrupted by the rapid social and economic shifts taking place throughout Galilee.
Bharati Mukherjee, Desirable Daughters|There was something pathetic about the rejected wife bravely pulling herself together, joining a tennis club, doing a photography course, cutting her hair, venturing timidly back out onto the single scene.
