Sam Gayton|Every time you say it is impossible, you shoot yourself in the foot
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|We live in a universe made up of energy. The energy that binds, as it whirls and swirls physical atoms, exists at varying levels of vibration and frequency.
Francis Crick, What Mad Pursuit|An enlightened man had but one duty - to seek the way to himself, to reach inner certainty, to grope his way forward, no matter where it led.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|Even after making up one's mind to the sacrifices Ihad decided upon, there is always left a trace of envyfor those who have triumphed in the melancholystruggle for literary supremacy
Anthony Liccione|Love, is sometimes a simpler form of slowly dying, it's like a bullet that ricochets off time's walls of desire, waiting to hit that picture perfect heart of regrets.
Jane Green, Mr. Maybe|Paparazzi arrived for Hugh [Grant]. We had to stand under a tree and smile for them.Photographer: 'Hugh, could you look less -- um --'Hugh: 'Pained?
Martin R. Lemieux|Accept your dark side, understanding it will help you to move with the light. Knowing both sides of our souls, helps us all to move forward in life and to understand that, perfection doesn't exist.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|He pulled away the glove, and at the first glimpse of her fragile, white hand, all thoughts of negotiation fled. "I don't see how matters could become worse," he muttered. "I am already besotted with a needle-tongued, conceited, provoking ape leader of a lady."Her head jerked up. "Besotted? You're nothing like it. Vengeful is more like it. Spiteful.
Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic|...I feel like a traitor, a phony, a fake. But I am a hypocrite with the best intentions, and I need kissing desperately.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|The reason why darkness terrifying for us, he reflected, is that there remains in us the instinctive fear the primitive man had when there was as yet no light.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|Then they began saying, "Get hold of him. Put him in Mercury." Now as you know I have two sculptures by Brancusi and several pretty things and I did not want them to start getting rough, so I said, pacifically, "Dear sweet clodhoppers, if you knew anything of sexual psychology you would know that nothing could give me keener pleasure than to be manhandled by you meaty boys. It would be an ecstasy of the very naughtiest kind. So if any of you wishes to be my partner in joy come and seize me. If, on the other hand, you simply wish to satisfy some obscure and less easily classified libido and see me bathe, come with me quietly, dear louts, to the fountain.
Klaus Schwab|I think for leadership positions, emotional intelligence is more important than cognitive intelligence. People with emotional intelligence usually have a lot of cognitive intelligence, but that's not always true the other way around.
Eloisa James, Kiss Me, Annabel|Your dress is thin, you have been dancing, you are heated." "Always preaching," retorted she; "always coddling and admonishing." The answer Dr. John would have given did not come; that his heart was hurt became evident in his eye; darkened, and saddened, and pained, he turned a little aside, but was patient.
S.J. Parris, Heresy|No," I said simply. "I hate no one. I want only to be left in peace to understand the mysteries of the universe in my own way.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|Ageing is not easy, Sennhora Castro. It's a terrible, incurable pathology. And great love is another pathology. It starts well. It's a most desirable disease. One wouldn't want to do without it. It's like yeast that corrupts the juice of grapes. One loves, one loves, one persists in loving-the incubation period can be very long- and then, with death, comes the heart break. Love must always meet its unwanted end.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The fact that you don't hate him for this breaks my heart. And if we weren't leaving because of what they'd done to you, we'd be leaving because the pack has twisted you enough to make you think that it's okay for someone to treat you that way.
Donna Lynn Hope|You all right?" he said again.I didn't love him, I was far away from him, it was as though I was seeing him through a smeared window or glossy paper; he didn't belong here. But he existed, he deserved to be alive. I was wishing I could tell him how to change so he could get there, the place where I was."Yes," I said. I touched him on the arm with my hand. My hand touched his arm. Hand touched arm. Language divides us into fragments, I wanted to be whole.
Ellen Raskin|...modern Western culture has placed what it calls sexuality in a more and more distinctively privileged relation to our most prized constructs of individual identity, truth, and knowledge, it becomes truer and truer that the language of sexuality not only intersects with but transforms the other languages and relations by which we know.
Michael Leunig|A higher rate of urgency does not imply ever-present panic, anxiety, or fear. It means a state in which complacency is virtually absent.
Ben Rice, Pobby and Dingan|I still say Kellyanne could do with some real-live mates," went on my dad, as if he was talking to someone inside his beer.Mum had stomped off into the kitchen. "Maybe they are real!" she shouted back at him after rattling a few plates together. "Ever thought about that, ye of little bloody imagination?
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|Through practising body scan awareness meditation, we can greatly reduce the detrimental effects of stress and make our working lives pleasant and enjoyable.
Robin Brande, Evolution, Me & Other Freaks of Nature|Human beings consider themselves satisfied only compared to some other condition. A man who has owned nothing but a bicycle all of his life feels suddenly wealthy the moment he buys an automobile...But this happy sensation wears off. After a while the car becomes just another thing that he owns. Moreover, when his neighbor next door buys two cars, in an instant our man feels wretchedly poor and deprived.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|They don't try to trade 'reality', they try to tradeother people's perceptions of reality. If a market is dominated by enough technical traders, it could lapse into a 'postmodern' state, with traders trading perceptions of perceptions of reality.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|There can never be a conflict between science and religion, once you understand the spiritual knack of the human brain circuits.
Charlaine Harris|Why do yo keep doing this?""Because I've wanted to be with you for three years, okay? That's why.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|The path of destiny pulls you forward. It exhumes you from a state of being and propels you towards the juncture you were created for. A new frontier that you are forced to tread with a cross on your back, heavy as a boulder. When you fall to your knees at the hands of your betrayer, you can only hope to find the one sent to carry your burden -- shoulder the journey towards your final punishment.Sometimes duplicity and treason are markers of the enemy, and sometimes the failed intention of a masterful ally.
Edward Hirsch, Wild Gratitude|The one who rises from the bottom is not frightened of lessening existence, and getting back up again.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|Another page turns on the calendar, April now, not March..........I am spinning the silk threads of my story, weaving the fabric of my world...I spun out of control. Eating was hard. Breathing was hard. Living was hardest.I wanted to swallow the bitter seeds of forgetfulness...Somehow, I dragged myself out of the dark and asked for help.I spin and weave and knit my words and visions until a life starts to take shape.There is no magic cure, no making it all go away forever. There are only small steps upward; an easier day, an unexpected laugh, a mirror that doesn't matter anymore.I am thawing.
Jamie Varon|Just do your best," Mom said. "You can't do any better than your best.
Eugene K. Balon|So, if someone like Richard Dawkins indignantly protests that his passion about these sorts of things -- the passion that drives the "God Delusion" -- should not be taken as a religious passion, I am happy to accept that. I do nevertheless think that often Dawkins and company show the sociological characteristics of the religious. This comes across particularly in what Freud calls the narcissism of small differences, the hatred of those who are close to them but not quite close enough. Just as evangelicals can differ bitterly over the true meaning of the host, so the New Atheists loathe people like me who (like them) have no religious belief but who think that science as such does not refute religion.[Is Darwinism a Religion? - Michael Ruse]
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Though they won't say, it has been estimated that Cargill and ADM together probably buy somewhere near a third of all the corn grown in America.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, that brings us to the point: There is only one way to protect ourselves from the deadly diseases that stalk the human family. It is abstinence before marriage, then marriage and mutual fidelity for life to an uninfected partner.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|A week ago, he would’ve sank his fangs into her flesh without a second thought. But now? Muriah had lured him into her world, into her reality, not as a god, but as a partner, a man.
Nancy Navene|Matter,” Vittoria repeated. “Blossoming out of nothing. An incredible display of subatomic fireworks. A miniature universe springing to life. He proved not only that matter can be created from nothing, but that the Big Bang and Genesis can be explained simply by accepting the presence of an enormous source of energy.”“You mean God?” Kohler demanded.“God, Buddha, The Force, Yahweh, the singularity, the unicity point—call it whatever you like—the result is the same. Science and religion support the same truth—pure energy is the father of creation.
Angela Richardson, All the Pieces|Secrets, once spoken, have a way of running away from you. They cannot be gathered in again.
Dylan McDermott|You go from nobody looking at you to people taking second looks. I remember really loving it - and then feeling so guilty for loving it. Like, 'That's gross, Kristen.' Also, telling myself it could go away at any moment, and I'd be so sad.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
Lizzie Armitstead|Marx and Engels are arguably history's most famous couple. Such was the closeness of their collaboration that it is not always easy to recall which works bore both names, which just that of Marx, and which just Engels.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|Would that thy love, beloved, had less trust in me, that it might be more anxious!
Luc Ferry, A Brief History of Thought: A Philosophical Guide to Living|If you wait until the next upgrade, you will never upgrade.
Matthew Vines, God and the Gay Christian: The Biblical Case in Support of Same-Sex Relationships|The law was good, Paul wrote, and its purpose vital. But its purpose was also temporary. Once Christ fulfilled the law, his followers would have trivialized his sacrifice by living as though they were still subject to the law's constraints.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|But one may say something and yet not be able to do it. Try, for instance, lifting yourself up by the bootstraps.
Priscilla Warner, The Faith Club: A Muslim, A Christian, A Jew--Three Women Search for Understanding|I thank you, God, who lives always, and Who, as i awaken, has in mercy returned my soul to me; we can ever trust in you.
John McCain|In 1987, I had my first opportunity to provide 'advice and consent' on a Supreme Court nominee. At that time, I stated that the qualifications essential for evaluating a nominee for the bench included 'integrity, character, legal competence and ability, experience, and philosophy and judicial temperament.' On that test, Elena Kagan fails.
Robert M. Drake|The funny thingaboutadvice is,we always tellothersthe thingswecannotreally doourselves.
Meghan March|As long as you have at least one thing anchoring you, you can't get too lost.
Rick Riordan|Correct." Kekrops sounded bitter, like he regretted his decision. "My people were the original Athenians--the gemini.""Like your zodiac sign?" Percy asked. "I'm a Leo.""No, stupid. "I'm a Leo. You're a Percy.
Nick Hornby, Songbook|We have all lived through that shriveling moment when a parent walks into a room and repeats, with sardonic disbelief, a couplet picked up from the stereo or the TV. 'What does that mean, then?' my mother asked me during Top of the Pops. "Get it on / Bang a gong"? How long did it take him to think of that, do you reckon?' And the correct answer - 'Two seconds, and it doesn't matter' - is always beyond you, so you just tell her to shut up, while inside you're hating Marc Bolan for making you like him even though he sings about getting it on and banging gongs.
Munia Khan|The Sun is never alone as the light remains with him always. Even when he goes down sinking...sinking, the light drowns with him
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|…When you’ve know me longer, you’ll learn that I mean everything I say.”“Even the lies?”“Especially the lies. Lord Petyr…
Sophocles|Without the quest, there can be no epiphany.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|It is not within my power to refuse the journey of life regardless of the nature of my fears or the depth of my selfishness, for the definitions of ‘journey’ and ‘life’ are indistinguishably synonymous. I can however sufficiently inhibit them and amply fight them to the point that I have accepted the journey, but the journey is now solely defined as my effort to forsake the journey.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need.
G.K. Chesterton|I call this a Divine Humility because it is a poor thing to strike our colors to God when the ship is going down under us; a poor thing to come to him as a last resort, to offer up 'our own' when it is no longer worth keeping. If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to him, and come to him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had. The same humility is shown by all those Divine appeals to our fears which trouble high-minded readers of Scripture. It is hardly complimentary to God that we should choose Him as an alternative to Hell: yet even this He accepts. The creatures illusion to self-sufficiency must, for the creature's sake, be shattered; and by trouble or fear of trouble on earth, by crude fear of eternal flames, God shatters it 'unmindful of his glory's diminution'. Those who would like the God of Scripture to be more purely ethical, do not know what they ask.
Tabitha Suzuma, Hurt|My father had a lifelong terror, phobia whatever, about hospitals. Makes a lot of sense in hindsight. He was so scared of doctors, he passed that on to me. That's what parents exist for: to pass their phobias on generation to generation.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|I had too many things to say, and too small a brain to sort them out with.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Thou, my slave,As thou report'st thyself, was then her servant,And for thou wast a spirit too delicateTo act her earthy and abhorred commands,Refusing her grand hests, she did confine thee,By help of her more potent ministersAnd in her most unmitigable rage,Into a cloven pine, within which riftImprisoned thou didst painfully remainA dozen years; within which space she diedAnd left thee there, where thou didst vent thy groansAs fast as mill wheels strike.
Federico Chini, The Sea Of Forgotten Memories|Grey morning dulled the bay. Banks of clouds, Howth just one more bank, rolled to sea, where other Howths grumbled to greet them. Swollen spumeless tide. Heads that bobbed like floating gulls and gulls that floating bobbed like heads. Two heads. At swim, two boys.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|He was still too young to know that the heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good, and that thanks to this artifice we manage to endure the burden of the past.
Dannielle Wicks, Fading Away|Please don’t forget me, don’t let me fade away… I was here, I lived, and I loved…
Umberto Eco, The Island of the Day Before|I’ll try to be around and about. But if I’m not, then you know that I’m behind your eyelids, and I’ll meet you there
Kim Fielding, Buried Bones|That red spot!” she says with alarm.“That’s a freckle!”“It wasn’t there before...” she says as she inspects her entire arm.“It’s cute.”“It’s not cute.”“Then it’s mine,” I say. “If you don’t like it, it’s mine. I’ll call it Brady.”“My freckle?”“Yes.”“You’re naming my freckle after yourself?” she says. “And you think I have issues?”“It’s like a star. People buy stars in the constellation and name them after people al the time. As gifts.”“So then are you buying my freckle? Because I don’t know if you can afford my freckle. My freckles don’t come cheap, you know.”“I’ve already claimed it,” I declare. “It’s not up for discussion anymore. Just eat your ice cream. And don’t spill any on Brady.
Sue Woolfe, The Secret Cure|It seemed like an original act, the very kindest act of being human, that he listened.
Bernard Cornwell, The Winter King|The bards sing of love, they celebrate slaughter, they extol kings and flatter queens, but were I a poet I would write in praise of friendship.
Stefanie Powers|Assuredly, Loving Souls, you should go to God with all humility and respect, humbling yourselves in His presence, especially when you remember your past ingratitude and sins.
Mohith Agadi|In this beautiful world anything is Possible, but only when we Believe wholeheartedly and try!
Sana  Krasikov, The Patriots|Who is she, after all? Not a member of the Party. Not even a Russian...What can she do, really, but watch the ginger-haired sacrificial lamb get slaughtered? One wrong move and Florence herself might be on the chopping block herself
Caroline Green, Dark Ride|Went to get coffee today-opened my change purse. Sea shells fell out. Barista goes "Sorry, we only take cash or credit." So there's that.
Ray Attiyah, The Fearless Front Line: The Key to Liberating Leaders to Improve and Grow Their Business|When positioning a brand, aggressively avoid becoming a "me too" by assertively being a "who else?
Chris Ware|One of the most valuable things one of my art teachers said to me was, ‘Don’t get upset by criticism. Value the fact that at least someone noticed what you did.
Jerome Doolittle|A lie is the most sacred private property on Earth. Governments claim it is not theirs, and that their critics are the rightful owners.
Dannika Dark, Deathtrap|Said Opie Read to E.P. Roe,"How do you like Gaboriau?""I like him very much indeed!"Said E.P. Roe to Opie Read.
Cecilia Bartoli|Ask any successful person, and most will tell you that they had a person who believed in them... a teacher, a friend, a parent, a guardian, a sister, a grandmother. It only takes one person, and it doesn't really matter who it is.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|That's who I am, a man who has been both good and evil throughout his life. pg 14
Maria Semple|I don't - you know, I'm very disillusioned with our political system. If we don't wake up in America and realize that we have to vote out of our courage and integrity for candidates who reflect our own beatitudes, and not the beatitudes of the war machine and the corporations, we are - we're doomed.
Steve Martin|And I don't believe that children are innocent. In fact, no one seriously believes that. Just go to a playground and watch the kids playing in the sandbox! The romantic notion of the sweet child is simply the parents projecting their own wishes.
Zachary Rawlins|The word Universe is made up of two Latin words- uni (meaning "one") and versus (meaning "turned into"). It literally means "one turned into.
David Louden, Lost Angeles|With the windows in his top of the range Audi firmly in place we slowly baked ourselves and chatted over why my hatred of golf was wrong, what made a good antihero and why Paul McCartney should just fuck off.
Robin Hanson|One of the biggest difficulties in our contemporary society is that we try to locate the evil in somebody else and then we try to get rid of him. The police are pigs or the students are worthless, and so on and so on. The Marxists are the devils or the Republicans are the devils or you name it. We try to isolate the evil and then get rid of it. But the teaching of the Bible is that we are thoroughly entrenched in this ourselves, so we can't toss rocks at someone else; we have to see the extent to which the moral ambiguities fall directly on us. We need forgiveness; and only when we receive it do we have our lives cleaned up so that we can start seeing situations accurately.
Martina Boone, Illusion|In so many ways, for so many people, freedom was still an illusion. Barrie thought of the statistics she had read about how many women and children were still enslaved all over the world. Now— not three hundred years ago— and she wondered how it was possible that so little could change. Sometimes it seemed like the world was sliding backward and no one was noticing.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|What’s not so great is that all this technology is destroying our social skills. Not only have we given up on writing letters to each other, we barely even talk to each other. People have become so accustomed to texting that they’re actually startled when the phone rings. It’s like we suddenly all have Batphones. If it rings, there must be danger. Now we answer, “What happened? Is someone tied up in the old sawmill?”“No, it’s Becky. I just called to say hi.”“Well you scared me half to death. You can’t just pick up the phone and try to talk to me like that. Don’t the tips of your fingers work?
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|She asked where he lived. Second to the right,' said Peter, 'and then straight on till morning.
Ira Wood|They say you can judge a person by their book, but I say they will hide under the covers.
Neil Gaiman|Of course that is not the whole story, but that is the way with stories; we make them what we will. It’s a way of explaining the universe while leaving the universe unexplained, it’s a way of keeping it all alive, not boxing it into time. Everyone who tells a story tells it differently, just to remind us that everybody sees it differently. Some people say there are true things to be found, some people say all kinds of things can be proved. I don’t believe them. The only thing for certain is how complicated it all is, like string full of knots. It’s all there but hard to find the beginning and impossible to fathom the end. The best you can do is admire the cat’s cradle, and maybe knot it up a bit more. History should be a hammock for swinging and a game for playing, the way cats play. Claw it, chew it, rearrange it and at bedtime it’s still a ball of string full of knots. Nobody should mind. Some people make a lot of money out of it. Publishers do well, children, when bright, can come top. It’s an all-purpose rainy day pursuit, this reducing of stories called history.
Michael Greger|I've stopped reading about the death of books because it's wasteful and morbid and insulting to the authors, agents, publishers, booksellers, critics, and readers that keep the world community of fiction interesting.
Mary H. Eastman, Dahcotah Life and Legends of the Sioux Around Fort Snelling|In our hurry of utilitarian progress, we have either forgotten the Indian altogether, or looked upon him only in a business point of view, as we do almost everything else; as a thriftless, treacherous, drunken fellow, who knows just enough to be troublesome, and who must be cajoled or forced into leaving his hunting-grounds for the occupation of very orderly and virtuous white people, who sell him gunpowder and whiskey, but send him now and then a missionary to teach him that it is wrong to get drunk and murder his neighbor.
Tom Clancy|We needed something to express our joy, our beauty, our power. And the rainbow did that.
Mark Twain|Anybody can become angry — that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way — that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
Andy Serkis|We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|Every couple needs to argue now and then. Just to prove that the relationship is strong enough to survive. Long-term relationships, the ones that matter, are all about weathering the peaks and the valleys.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|A world of few choices, whether in jeans or mates, is a world in which individual differences become sources of alienation, unhappiness, even self-loathing. If no jeans fit, you'll feel uncomfortable or inferior. If no housing developments reflect your taste for unique architecture, you'll write screeds against philistine mass culture.
Bob   Smith, Treehab: Tales from My Natural, Wild Life|Books have been vastly important in my life - as both a reader and a writer. I've learned that the great gift of literature is that someone else's tale becomes a chapter of your story. And I still feel books are the best art form for making contact with another consciousness, which is why reading a good book by yourself never feels lonely.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|It's leviOsa, not levioSA!
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|If you commit yourself to living according to His Word your potential will be unlocked, and in time, what may look small now will grow into something significant.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|But that reminds me – and stop me if you've heard this one – of the day Jesus was watching the gates for St. Peter. Anyway, Jesus is giving him a hand one day when a man walks shuffling up to the path of Heaven. “ ‘What have you done to enter the kingdom of Heaven?’ Jesus asks him. “And the man says, ‘Well, not much really. I’m just a poor carpenter who led a quiet life. The only remarkable thing about my life was my son.’ “ ‘Your son?’ Jesus asks, getting interested. “ ‘Yes, he was quite a son,’ the man says. ‘He went through a most unusual birth and later a great transformation. He also became quite well known throughout the world and is still loved by many today.’ “Christ looks at the man, embraces him tightly, and says ‘Father, father!’ “And the old man hugs him back and says, ‘Pinocchio?
Michelle Franklin|What will I do when you're gone?" said Alasdair, with a faltering voice.Bryeison placed a hand on his shoulder and said, with raging tranquility, "Do what is good and what is right.
Oscar Wilde|Those were my last words. To be listed in some book of quotations, alphabetically after 
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Brianna dropped the skateboard in front of Sam. "Don't worry: I won't let you fall off." "Yeah? Then why did you bring the helmet?" Brianna tossed it to him. "In case you fall off.
Socrates|Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|I don't think it is enough appreciated how much an outdoor book the Bible is. It is a "hypaethral book," such as Thoreau talked about - a book open to the sky. It is best read and understood outdoors, and the farther outdoors the better. Or that has been my experience of it. Passages that within walls seem improbable or incredible, outdoors seem merely natural. This is because outdoors we are confronted everywhere with wonders; we see that the miraculous is not extraordinary but the common mode of existence. It is our daily bread.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|But of course, when they ask for a "lead from the church," most people mean they want the clergy to put out a political program. That is silly. The clergy are those particular people within the whole church who have been specially trained and set aside to look after what concerns us as creatures who are going to live forever. And we are asking them to do a quite different job, for which they have not been trained. The job is really on us- on the laymen.
Georgette Heyer, The Nonesuch|He waited for the black, terrible anger as though for some beast out of the night. But it did not come to him. His bowels seemed weighted with lead, and he walked slowly and lingered against fences and the cold, wet walls of buildings by the way. Descent into the depths until at last there was no further chasm below. He touched the solid bottom of despair and there took ease.
Janny Wurts, Peril's Gate|If manifestations of her love are overwhelming and sometimes seem imprudent, it’s because the intensity of such caring doesn’t exist in other areas of life. Ma does not love from behind a protective shield. I’m incapable of opening up to people in the way she does. Ma isn’t afraid of being vulnerable and doesn’t measure relationships in terms of what she can gain. If her feelings are hurt, she doesn’t hide the pain or seek revenge. She stumbles over the setback as though it’s one of life’s quirky tests of fortitude and moves on without storing any resentment.
Charles Bass|Our relationships with our computers are almost sexual, they're so close. They're just such a huge part of our lives.
Donald Evans|I get up at sunrise. I'm a Buddhist, so I chant in the morning. My wife and I sit and have coffee together, but then it's list-making time. I have carpentry projects. We have roads we keep in repair. It's not back-breaking, but it's certainly aerobic and mildly strenuous.
Ellie Kemper|I worked as a teacher in the public school system in New York City for several years, and I was a victim of the layoffs, you know, in the mid-'70s. And then I worked as a sales engineer for a company in New Jersey that was selling industrial filtration equipment.
Debasish Mridha|There is no fact or fiction, reality or illusion, there is only the trick of perception.
Ranata Suzuki|I believe in love at first sight…But it’s not the first moment you lay eyes on a person, it’s the moment you first seethe person they truly are.
Claire Cook, Seven Year Switch|I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
Richard de Bury|In books I meet the dead as if they were alive,in books I see what is yet to come...All things decay and pass with time...all fame would fall victim to oblivionif God had not given mortal men the book to aid them.
Heston Blumenthal|Nothing helps make a leader more approachable than admitting your struggles, screw-ups and behind-the-scenes thinking on hard calls. If the leader makes this a priority, the whole company will be more open and methodical learning from failure.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|In chaos, there is fertility.
Sarah Cross, Kill Me Softly|Mira, I'm about to be naked," Blue said as he whipped off his belt and tossed it on the floor. "So watch out. Well, in my underwear.""I've seen you in your bathing suit," Mira said. "It's the same thing.""It is not the same thing," Blue said. "When it's accompanied by seventies porn music, it's an X-rated strip show." Blue yanked off his shirt. "Freddie, you're kind of slow on the uptake. Eine kleine porn music, please.
James Grissom|Memory, of course, is unreliable, often evil, but it is the source of our identity."--Tennessee Williams
Clifton Fadiman|One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
Samar Sudha|TRUST"'A soft thread, that could broken while checking it
Tara Lain, Cataclysmic Shift| 'It would be great not to have to deal with any of this. When I found out, I wished Killian could have wiped my memories so I wouldn't have to know that all this shit exists. I was like, "Vampires can get rid of memories. What are you good for?" But it is what it is.' 
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is with our voices we remember, with our ears we understand.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|At school, I'd refuse to take part in biology lessons when animals were being dissected. One time, the teacher announced that we would be gassing worms. So I ran around the room, gathered up all the worms and set them free in the fields. I just loved animals and couldn't bear the thought of them suffering.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Every law that God has given has been for man’s benefit. If man breaks it, he is not only rebelling against God; he is hurting himself.
Richard Paul Evans, A Perfect Day|Stories are like spiders, with all they long legs, and stories are like spiderwebs, which man gets himself all tangled up in but which look so pretty when you see them under a leaf in the morning dew, and in the elegant way that they connect to one another, each to each.What’s that? You want to know if Anansi looked like a spider? Sure he did, except when he looked like a man.No, he never changed his shape. It’s just a matter of how you tell the story. That’s all.
Regina Scott, Instant Frontier Family|He made her think of ruins, of mysterious places in shadow and darkness, of storms and torrents of rain.
Joan Bauer|When rich, being poor seems *adventurous.*
Ron Paul|But let it not be said that we did nothing. Let not those who love the power of the welfare/warfare state label the dissenters of authoritarianism as unpatriotic or uncaring. Patriotism is more closely linked to dissent than it is to conformity and a blind desire for safety and security. Understanding the magnificent rewards of a free society makes us unbashful in its promotion, fully realizing that maximum wealth is created and the greatest chance for peace comes from a society respectful of individual liberty.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I recalled my father-in-law's aphorism "To fool a judge, feign fascination, but to bamboozle the whole court, feign boredom..." & I pretended to extract a speck from my eye.
Robert Ellsberg|When goodness is going beyond the limit, Fools think it bad.
Vironika Tugaleva|Only when we face the impossible, and experience the unbearable, do we find out who we truly are.
William Lloyd Garrison|India is known for much development that has happened since our independence, but at the same time, we have also failed on many levels. It is the responsibility of the future generation to ensure that all these failures are corrected and help create a civilised society with equal opportunities for one and all.
Libba Bray, Rebel Angels|Travel opens your mind as few other things do. It is its own form of hypnotism, and I am forever under its spell.
Theory of a Deadman|Ari!" Jeb had finally seen his son. He rushed to Ari's side and knelt next to him. Looking stunned, he gathered Ari's hulking form and held him to his chest. "I'm so sorry." I saw his mouth shape the words, though I couldn't hear them. "I'm so sorry." He bent over Ari's form, mindless of his vulnerable position.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Even if all our senses fail to function − eyes turn blind and ears fail to listen − the heart will still listen, see and beat.
Raymond Carver, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love|A Manhattan lawyer who describes himself as "America`s leading expert on the militia movement" writes that he hugged his three-year-old kid the night of the Oklahoma City bombing. He told junior that it happened "because they hated too much"For now, let`s accept the premise that one hundred sixty-eight humans died in Oklahoma City because people "hated too much"Now answer these questions if you would be so kind: did a federal sniper shoot Vicki Weaver in the face because he hated too much? Did our government conduct the Tuskegee with syphilis on black soldiers because it hated too much? 
LEVega|Ladies sheltering behind men, men sheltering behind servants - the whole system's wrong, and she must challenge it.
Suzanne Hayes, I'll Be Seeing You|All stories are love stories, and there are numerous kinds of love, from the love of a mother holding her child for the first time to the love of blood that drives a psychopath, so I will always write about love, but not necessarily romance. Let the saner people do that.
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|A little belief, a little hope, a little faith is sometimes all you need to see the light.
Fern Schumer Chapman, Motherland: Beyond the Holocaust: A Mother-Daughter Journey to Reclaim the Past|As the lights fade to a distant glow, I look back toward the city and imagine, somewhere in all of those lives, a little girl who is a lot like me. Maybe she rides in a car thinking about someone living far away from these lights and people. Even though our lives are separated by so much I wonder if she imagines the world through eyes like mine.
Ezra Pound|Real Canada is where people wear sweaters for survival, not style.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Wonderland was wonderful, but without a counterbalance, it could turn it's inhabitants completely insane. 
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Cathy smiled back ‘Rules were meant to be broken.’‘Don’t disagree,’ Oversteegen replied immediately. ‘Indeed they are. Providin’, however, that the one breakin’ the rules is willin’ t’ pay the price for it, and the price gets charged in full. Which you were, Lady Catharine. I saluted you for it then–at the family dinner table that night, in fact. My mother was infinitely more indisposed thereafter; tottered back t’ her bed cursin’ me for an ingrate. My father was none too pleased either. I salute you for it, again. Otherwise, breakin’ rules becomes the province of brats instead of heroes. Fastest way I can think t’ turn serious political affairs int’ a playpen. A civilized society needs a conscience, and conscience can’t be developed without martyrs—real ones—against which a nation can measure its crimes and sins.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|In the same way, teenagers imagine dying young because death is more imaginable than the person that all the decisions and burdens of adulthood may make of you.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|A certain amount of reverie is good, like a narcotic in discreet doses. It soothes the fever, occasionally high, of the brain at work, and produces in the mind a soft, fresh vapor that corrects the all too angular contours of pure thought, fills up the gaps and intervals here and there, binds them together, and dulls the sharp corners of ideas. But too much reverie submerges and drowns. Thought is the labor of the intellect, reverie it's pleasure. To replace thought with reverie is to confound poison with nourishment.
Pythagoras|As long as Man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings, he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. Indeed, he who sows the seed of murder and pain cannot reap joy and love.
Liz Weber, Something Needs to Change Around Here|How much of your time, at your “hourly rate,” is wasted each year because you’re cleaning up after your employees and fixing issues they’ve created or haven’t resolved themselves?
Ajahn Brahm|Everyone's life changes when they meet their Obi-Wan & their Yoda, or their Morpheus & their Oracle; those who help remove the veil.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|It was due to his tact, to his judgment, to his sympathetic manipulation of human beings that the atmosphere had always been such a happy one... If there was a change, therefore, the change must be due to the man at the top.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|It would be a dreadful thing to tell anyone about it, for it would destroy some fragile structure of truth. It was truth that might be shattered by division.
Shannon L. Alder|There is no failure in loving someone, only in never letting them know.
Jamie Freveletti|Awful first drafts are fine—Agree with this.If you don’t finish something, you’ll never get in the game. Just quell the voice in your head that says “Are you kidding? No one is going to want to read this drivel” and keep on going. You’re going to revise and revise and then revise again anyway.
H. Beam Piper, Little Fuzzy|But in college, we can wear our alcohol abuse as proudly as our university sweatshirts; the two concepts are virtually synonymous.
Andy Rooney|I've learned .... That when you harbor bitterness, happiness will dock elsewhere.
Christina Westover|Anything creative requires a bit of acting,and filling in blanks with imagination.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry's Complete Guide to Guys|[On writing:] "There's a great quote by Julius Irving that went, 'Being a professional is doing the things you love to do, on the days you don't feel like doing t
William Burton Pope|God demands a conversion of the mind and heart as the basis of peace and security (cf. Is 26:3), not the superstitious veneration of a stone building or a traditionally sacred site
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|Sorgan tried his very best not to think about how long it must have taken for a stream that small to eat its way down through solid rock to form its current bed. Sorgan knew exactly what the word “hundred” meant, but when numbers wandered off toward “thousand”—or even “million”—and the people who used those terms were talking about years, Sorgan’s mind shied back in horror.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko|You cannot help being a female, and I should be something of a fool were I to discount your talents merely because of their housing.
Tyler Knott Gregson|For me, the consolation of history resides in the fact that hypothetically returning to any point in time feels like coming home.
Roger Mahony|I think of marriage as a garden. You have to tend to it. Respect it, take care of it, feed it. Make sure everyone is getting the right amount of, um, sunlight.
Edouard Manet|The product of mental labor - science - always stands far below its value, because the labor-time necessary to reproduce it has no relation at all to the labor-time required for its original production.
Alfonso X of Castile|We are to allow one thing to be really and truly distinct from the other, to be its own genuine self. There is a logical and philosophical urge in thinking men to reduce all things to a single unity. But this urge of the natural reason tends to petrify the heart. There is no single essence to which all existing things belong, no single essence which makes all things basically one. The only true unity of created things is the unity created by love. The heart embraces all things in their great variety and the heart loves them all.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|It might even teach Murray that while finding true love was one of the most wonderful things that could happen to you in life, finding a friend was equally splendid.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Genius and science have burst the limits of space, and few observations, explained by just reasoning, have unveiled the mechanism of the universe. Would it not also be glorious for man to burst the limits of time, and, by a few observations, to ascertain the history of this world, and the series of events which preceded the birth of the human race?
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|To-day the woman is Mrs. Richard Roe, to-morrow Mrs. John Doe, and again Mrs. James Smith according as she changes masters, and she has so little self-respect that she does not see the insult of the custom.
Gretel Ehrlich, The Future of Ice: A Journey Into Cold|Love life first, then march through the gates of each season; go inside nature and develop the discipline to stop destructive behavior; learn tenderness toward experience, then make decisions based on creating biological wealth that includes all people, animals, cultures, currencies, languages, and the living things as yet undiscovered; listen to the truth the land will tell you; act accordingly.
Charles Fishman, The Wal-Mart Effect: How the World's Most Powerful Company Really Works - and How It's Transforming the American Economy|Who better than Wal-Mart, after all, to make a kilowatt of electricity go twice as far, or a gallon of fuel move our trucks move three times the distance?" -Wal-Mart ad
Countee Cullen|Don't be afraid of Pain. Pain only comes down to a certain point... beyond that, it can't reach you and the love you have inside.
James Roysmith|There is nothing in the world more powerful than an idea. No weapon can destroy it, no power can conquer it except the power of another idea.
Amanda Kelly, Shifting Shadows|He sure told you off, huh, Icy?" ~Darcy
|There's a quote from 'The Breakfast Club' that goes "We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it." I have it on a poster but I took a Sharpie to it and scratched out the word "hiding" because it reminds me that there's a certain pride and freedom that comes from wearing your unique bizarreness like a badge of honor.
Jeff Koons|A good leader has to at some point trust those around him; otherwise, nothing constructive is going to get done.
Naomi Klein|Either greed belongs in a war zone, or it doesn't. You can't unleash it in the name of sparking an economic boom and then be shocked when Halliburton overcharges for everything from towels to gas, when Parsons' sub, sub, sub-contractor builds a police academy where the pipes drip raw sewage on the heads of army cadets and where Blackwater investigates itself and finds it acted honorably. That's just corporations doing what they do and Iraq is a privatized war zone so that's what you get. Build a frontier, you get cowboys and robber barons.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|The voice so filled with nostalgia that you could almost see the memories floating through the blue smoke, memories not only of music and joy and youth, but perhaps, of dreams. They listened to the music, each hearing it in his own way, feeling relaxed and a part of the music, a part of each other, and almost a part of the world. 
Nicholas D. Kristof, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|I went back to the women and said, 'Tell me exactly what you want us to do.' And they said, 'Don't do anything for us, do somethingfor our children'.
Barbara Erakko Taylor, Silent Dwellers: Embracing the Solitary Life|When asked, 'What did you want to say in this work?' he would answer, 'I've said what I've said.'This made sense in where everyone assumed music had a meaning - but where saying the wrong thing could get a person killed.-Symphony for the City of the Dead: Dmitri Shostakovich and the Siege of Leningrad
Stephen Richards, Forgiveness and Love Conquers All: Healing the Emotional Self|Take a walk through the garden of forgiveness and pick a flower of forgiveness for everything you have ever done. When you get to that time that is now, make a full and total forgiveness of your entire life and smile at the bouquet in your hands because it truly is beautiful.
Aqeel Rafique|Even though everything today is available at a click of a mouse still, the smell of a book and its feel makes the experience of reading very special and personal. It is more tangible and I urge all youngsters to read a lot as it will also broaden their horizons.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Conscious Parenting: Mindful Living Course for Parents|soon he’ll reach for her because she’s beautiful, and she’s his wife. If she cringes away from him because you’ve convinced her he isn’t good enough for her, how will that make him feel? If she submits to him out of obligation, how will that make her feel?What if she approaches him and later is ashamed of wanting her own husband because he isn’t good enough for her? It’ll be hard for a marriage to last under those conditions. This isn’t what you want for Susan. Forgive him. Accept him. You’ll be doing your daughter a favor.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|Welcome to Paris, Anna. I'm glad you've come.
Christopher Hitchens|This brings us to the crux moment in the supposed 'Show Trial' melodrama. Employing the confusing and confused testimony of Jude Wanniski (who he also describes as a political nut-case, if not a nut-case flat-out, and to whom he introduced me in the first place) Blumenthal suggests that I concerted my testimony in advance with the House Republicans, notably James Rogan and Lindsey Graham. Feebly bridging the gap between sheer conjecture and outright conspiracy, Rogan is quoted as saying: 'Hitchens may well have called Lindsey..' I did not in fact do any such thing. Why should my denial be believed? It's not as if I care. I probably should have colluded with them, if my intention was to land a blow on Clinton (which it was) let alone to plant a Judas kiss on Blumenthal (which it was not). But every other fragment of Blumenthal's evidence and description shows—even boasts—that Congressman Graham was essentially punching air until the last day of the trial. That could not possibly have been true, especially in his cross-examination of Blumenthal, if he knew he had an ace in his vest-pocket all along. Only a tendency to paranoia or to all-explaining theories could suggest the contrary. I'd even be able to claim for myself, I hope, that if I'd truly wanted to gouge a deep or vengeful wound I could or would have made a better job of it.
John L. O'Sullivan|He never hears the truth about himself by not wishing to hear it." Pope Alexander
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I suppose there are people who can pass up free guacamole, but they're either allergic to avocado or too joyless to live.
Douglas Jackson, Hero of Rome|He stopped at the gate on his way back to the temple, where Gracilis, the Twentieth’s hard-case wolf hunter from the Campanian mountains, was supervising the strengthening of the defences.‘Take some men and tear down the huts along the west wall. And while you’re at it, clear everything for a javelin throw in front of this gate. I want a killing ground from there to about there.’Gracilis grinned and saluted. Like all legionaries, the only thing he liked better than fighting and drinking was destroying someone else’s property. ‘Should we burn them, sir?’ he said hopefully. Valerius shook his head. No point in creating smoke to warn the enemy. ‘Just break them up and add them to the barriers.
Angie karan|Every little gracious act adds to the quotient of grace in the world - how gracious can you be today? All of you are connected - all of us are connected - we are all ONE being - breathing, living, light....
Franklin Gillette, How to Make Extra Money at Home Right Now| the only weapon you have got to conquer fear,it is will not to fail 
Ayn Rand, We the Living|The best thing about the bedroom was the bed. I liked to stay in bed for hours, even during the day with covers pulled up to my chin. It was good in there, nothing ever occurred in there, no people, nothing.
Ro James|It should be about this team, and it should be about these guys. It should be about our relationship. It shouldn't be about records.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God did not ordain that the church should drift aimlessly in the seas of uncertainty without compass, captain, or crew.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|If someone called me chubby, it would no longer be something that kept me up late at night. Being called fat is not like being called stupid or unfunny, which is the worst thing you could ever say to me. Do I envy Jennifer Hudson for being able to lose all that weight and look smokin’ hot? Of course, yes. Do I sometimes look at Gisele Bundchen and wonder how awesome life would be if I never had to wear Spanx? Duh, of course. That’s kind of the point of Gisele Bundchen. And maybe I will, once or twice, for a very short period of time. But on the list of things I want to do in my lifetime, that’s not near the top. I mean, it’s not near the bottom either. I’d say it’s right above “Learn to drive a vespa,” but several notches below “film a chase scene for a movie.
Tara Estacaan|Sometimes, all you need is someone who will listen. It is fortune enough to have people around who hear you & not judge you.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|I think women sign on for some ideal when they get married, and when they realise they haven't got anything close to what they want, they bury their disappointment.
nikitta gill|I think I broke Kerri,” she said. “Go fix her,” Al commanded, unfazed. “We’ve got enough broken parts.
Roman Payne|Ah, youth!It was a beautiful night...The moon was out of orbit.The stars were awry.But everything else was exactlyas it should have been.
Joban Singh Bal|If you are afraid to fail, then you are afraid to succeed. You can never succeed of you have not failed.
Saul Bellow, Him With His Foot in His Mouth and Other Stories|I've an insatiable craving inside me that consumes everything and makes me regard the sufferings and joys of others only in their relationship to me, as food to sustain my spiritual powers. I am no longer capable of loosing my head in love, Ambition has been crushed in me by circumstances, but it has come out in another way, for ambition is nothing but a lust for power and my chief delight is to dominate those around me. To inspire in others love, devotion, fear - isn't that the first symptom and the supreme triumph of power? To cause another person suffering or joy, having no right to do so - isn't that the sweetest food of pride?
Kate Willis, The Treasure Hunt|I could give him business cards...multi-camoflauge background. David, woodworker, amateur computer coder, and decoder extraordinaire," Lily daydreamed."Coder and decoder," Anna chuckled.
Steve Karagiannis|When I encourage someone, I see it as an investment in their resilience.
Alison Goodman, Eona: The Last Dragoneye|Watching my father plan and strategize for the resistance has taught me about trust.” She leaned forward. “Personal trust is very different from political trust, my lady. The first thrives on faith. The second requires proof, whether it be upfront or covert.” Awkwardly, she patted my hand. “His Majesty has always been a powerful man. Perhaps he has never had to distinguish between the two.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|They jogged along in silence, Jem playing with the thong of the whip, and Mary aware of his hands beside her. She glanced down at them out of the tail of her eye, and she saw they were long and slim; they had the same strength, the same grace, as his brother's. These attracted her; the others repelled her. She realised for the first time that aversion and attraction ran side by side; that the boundary line was thin between them. The thought was an unpleasant one, and she shrank from it. Supposing this had been Joss beside her ten, twenty years ago? She shuttered the comparison at the back of her mind, fearing the picture it conjured. She knew now why she hated her uncle.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|What I was trying to say, maybe, is that I don't know what it is I'm capable of transforming into.
Karen MacInerney, Howling at the Moon|I have a secret. A big, fat, hairy secret. And I’m not talking minor-league stuff, like I once let Joseph Applebaum feel me up behind the seventh-grade stairwell or I got a Brazilian wax after work last Friday or I’m hiding a neon blue vibrator called the Electric Slide in my night table. Which I’m not, by the way. In case you were wondering. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can find fulfillment in your work, work with all your heart.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|But that afternoon he asked himself, with his infinite capacity for illusion, if such pitiless indifference might not be a subterfuge for hiding the torments of love.
Ice Cube|It is of great importance to our country generally, and especially to our navigating and whaling interests, that the Pacific Coast and, indeed, the whole of our territory west of the Rocky Mountains, should speedily be filled up by a hardy and patriotic population.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|The self is also a creation, the principal work of your life, the crafting of which makes everyone an artist.
Lauren Evers, Cryptids|I didn’t know when I grew up, but it happened like this: I was so very young, and then suddenly, I was old.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|I don't believe in failure. Whenever you take action and do something, irrespective of the outcome, you have succeeded by simply doing and trying. The universe rewards action. So believe in yourself and do whatever it is you want to do.
Jay McLean, More Than Him|Human beings are more or less formulas. Pun intended. We are not any one thing that is mathematically provable. We are more or less than we are anything. We are more or less kind, or more or less not. More or less selfish, happy, wise, lonely.
Csaba Gabor-B.|Life is serious conflicts between the right way and the easy way each day.The thing is you head up straight. And when you make that choice. And when you decide turn your back to what's comfortable, and safe and what someone calls common sense. So, that's day one. From there, it's only get tougher. But make sure it is something you really want because the easy-way always be there to wash you away. Each step in life comes to a decision and take another. Now You are on your way but You fight against an opponent you can't see, but all you can feel among your heels. Feel him breathing down on your neck. That's you. Your fears, your doubts, your insecurity all end up as an enemy within. Remember life is royal battle between You and You.
G.K. Chesterton|I left the fairy tales lying on the floor of the nursery, and I have not found any books so sensible since.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Well. I always like it when you kiss me.Do you?You're good at it.Well, that's lucky, because I'll always be kissing you.
Charles Bukowski|When I begin to doubt my ability to work the word, I simply read another writer and know I have nothing to worry about. My contest is only with myself, to do it right, with power, and force, and delight, and gamble.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|When to people tell the same lie...""They are working together," Will finished
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|When the rare chance comes, seize itTo do the rare deed.
|There is no need to worry about where you currently stand in life, if you are constantly pushing yourself to see how far you can go.
Marquis de Sade|Happiness, contentment, the health and growth of the soul, depend, as men have proved over and over again, upon some simple issue, some single turning of the soul.
Harrish Sairaman|While Ginger didn't like the evil-recipe days, she certainly loved the treat-making days. She liked rolling dough and cutting it into perfect shapes. She liked grating chocolate into curlicues and pouring syrups into lollipop molds.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|We have power as consumers. We can exercise that power all the time by not choosing to invest time, energy or funds to support the production of mass media images that do not reflect life-enhancing values, that undermine a love ethic.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Remove the letter 'I'(EGO) and word 'WANT'(DESIRE) from the statement "I WANT HAPPINESS" and you will be remained with 'HAPPINESS
Sanhita Baruah, The Farewell and other poems|I've heard you say so many a timeThat I know just the right words to say, just the right lines to rhyme...Today it's been 7 years since we last metI have learnt to say just the wrong words, just the lines you hate....
Dennis Kucinich|Suicidal violence is not the exclusive property of the Muslim world. Suicide bombings were a tactic of nationalist struggles in 19th-century Europe and Russia, the far east during the second world war and the Vietnam war, and in modern Sri Lanka.
Michael J. Fox|Family is not an important thing, it's everything.
Deepak Chopra|For me, architecture is not just creating a space to protect people but to make them dream as well.
Abhishek Sundarraman|If I were a bean,... I wouldn't sulk all day long.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|He envied the bark, which had been, in the course of one lifetime, both forest and fire. One endured; one destroyed.
Leonide Martin, The Mayan Red Queen: Tz'aakb'u Ahau of Palenque|Mel eventually gave up trying to talk to him and just sat there looking at him. There was not likely to be much to look at, apart from the red, puffy eyes, runny nose and the rest of the mess that was Kyle French. Certainly not the once good-looking young student that Mel had developed a crush on.
C. JoyBell C.|We all have cracks and tears and shattered glass within our souls. Some have more than others. We do not wish to seek one who has none; but we wish to find the one who can say "look at me, look at this." We wish to find the one who sees every bit of broken glass and who will put those pieces into the palms of our hands and say "please keep them." And we wish to be that kind of person, too. This is how it should be.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|This is the great lesson the depressive learns: Nothing in the world is inherently compelling. Whatever may be really “out there” cannot project itself as an affective experience. It is all a vacuous affair with only a chemical prestige. Nothing is either good or bad, desirable or undesirable, or anything else except that it is made so by laboratories inside us producing the emotions on which we live. And to live on our emotions is to live arbitrarily, inaccurately—imparting meaning to what has none of its own. Yet what other way is there to live? Without the ever-clanking machinery of emotion, everything would come to a standstill. There would be nothing to do, nowhere to go, nothing to be, and no one to know. The alternatives are clear: to live falsely as pawns of affect, or to live factually as depressives, or as individuals who know what is known to the depressive. How advantageous that we are not coerced into choosing one or the other, neither choice being excellent. One look at human existence is proof enough that our species will not be released from the stranglehold of emotionalism that anchors it to hallucinations. That may be no way to live, but to opt for depression would be to opt out of existence as we consciously know it.
J. Devau, Theory of the Atheist: Record One of the Alias Wars|I was not alone in my success, only in my failure.
Patrick W. Corrigan|Pathological dissociation is characterized by profound, functional amnesias and significant alterations in identity; normal dissociation is expressed primarily in the form of intense absorption with internal stimuli (e.g., daydreams) or external stimuli (e.g., a fascinating book or television program).
Nikki Rowe|Our love douses us in flames. It's terrible and deep and wingless, but I'll burn here if you burn here too.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|He talks softly, patiently, as I sit on the window ledge and watch boats with colorful triangles for sails scratch the ocean.
Brett Favre|I thank God, Jesus, and my Grandmother for being able to support myself and my family.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Twilight is a court; when the sun sets we are put on trial in this dusky court! All things we have done throughout the day are interrogated by our conscience, the invisible judge of our minds!
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|When someone is drowning and you try to save them, they're more likely to drown you before you pull them out.
Thomas Love Peacock, Nightmare Abbey|[On hearing that 86% of gay teens have experienced harassment] Eighty-six percent? Eighty-six per-fuckin-cent WERE harassed?! That means fourteen per-fuckin-cent WEREN'T harassed? WHAT?!At MY school a hundred percent of the children - gay, straight, transgendered, bi, sell... or trade - WERE harassed. She's saying that fourteen percent of the gay students were NOT harassed? That seems impossible.At MY school any one of us would have sucked Elton John's COCK at a mandatory school assembly for a fourteen percent chance of NOT being harassed.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With this in mind, Ava tells herself to be present and celebrate the holiday instead of wishing it was over. After all, one is given only a certain number of Christmases in one's life.
Ken Robinson|Bottom line is, I didn't return to Apple to make a fortune. I've been very lucky in my life and already have one. When I was 25, my net worth was $100 million or so. I decided then that I wasn't going to let it ruin my life. There's no way you could ever spend it all, and I don't view wealth as something that validates my intelligence.
Rafaa Khiari|If your Ipad can do it better than you, then it is not a skill.
Tilicia Haridat|Everybody's got their opinion on who they think you are or how strong or how weak you are, but at the end of the day all that matters is who you know you are, don't ever forget that.
Tony Hillerman, The Ghostway|Everything is connected. The wing of the corn beetle affects the direction of the wind, the way the sand drifts, the way the light reflects into the eye of man beholding his reality. All is part of totality, and in this totality man finds his hozro, his way of walking in harmony, with beauty all around him.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are the custodian of your own happiness. What other people say, do or think does not create a basis for your happiness. It is you who decides your own happiness, just like forgiveness.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|For a while the hobbits continued to talk and think of the past journey and of the perils that lay ahead; but such was the virtue of the land of Rivendell that soon all fear and anxiety was lifted from their minds. The future, good or ill, was not forgotten, but ceased to have any power over the present. Health and hope grew strong in them, and they were content with each good day as it came, taking pleasure in every meal, and in every word and song.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The reason that people start wars is because they still believe in their separation from life. But when you experience the wholeness with all living beings, you understand that hurting somebody else is just hurting yourself as we are all one on the spiritual level.
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|As he took possession of it, he was overcome by a sense of something like sacred awe. He carefully spread his horse blanket on the ground as if dressing an altar and lay down on it. He felt blessedly wonderful. He was lying a hundred and fifty feet below the earth, inside the loneliest mountain in France - as if in his own grave. Never in his life had he felt so secure, certainly not in his mother's belly. The world could go up on flames out there, but he would not even notice it here. He even began to cry softly. He did not know who to thank for such good fortune.
William Shakespeare|Hamlet' dwarfs 'Hamilton' - it dwarfs pretty much everything - but there's a revealing similarity between them. Shakespeare's longest play leaves its audience in the dark about some basic and seemingly crucial facts. It's not as if the Bard forgot, in the course of all those words, to tell us whether Hamlet was crazy or only pretending: He wanted us to wonder. He forces us to work on a puzzle that has no definite answer. And this mysteriousness is one reason why we find the play irresistible. 'Hamilton' is riddled with question marks. The first act begins with a question, and so does the second. The entire relationship between Hamilton and Burr is based on a mutual and explicit lack of comprehension: 'I will never understand you,' says Hamilton, and Burr wonders, 'What it is like in his shoes?' Again and again, Lin distinguishes characters by what they wish they knew. 'What'd I miss?' asks Jefferson in the song that introduces him. 'Would that be enough?' asks Eliza in the song that defines her. 'Why do you write like you're running out of time?' asks everybody in a song that marvels at Hamilton's drive, and all but declares that there's no way to explain it. 'Hamilton', like 'Hamlet', gives an audience the chance to watch a bunch of conspicuously intelligent and well-spoken characters fill the stage with 'words, words, words,' only to discover, again and again, the limits to what they can comprehend.
Karl  Schmidt, Tiny Thoughts for Personal Transformation: change your thoughts change your life|Once you awaken, you will have no interest in judging those who sleep.
James Balog|The term 'alpha female' originated in my field of animal behavior, but has acquired new meaning. It refers to women who are in charge, for example, by flirting and dating on their own terms. It is also used maliciously for a loud-mouthed, controlling woman who has no patience with deviating opinions.
David James Duncan, The River Why|Everyday brought me further away from other people, I had been placed out of the world's sight, as if in a cupboard, and I hoped it would stay that way. I developed a yearning for being alone, unkempt, untended.
|Rise to the challenge and become the captain of your own thoughts, beliefs, decisions and actions. Have faith in God. Walk with courage and keep your positive mental imagination alive. Whenever you fall, waste no time in getting back up. It is only a matter of time until something miraculous happens in your life.
Albert Barnes|I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.
Gloria Steinem|I think beauty is not just about what we put on our heads or on our faces or what we wear: it's deeper than that, and if we can celebrate that, celebrate the women, not just the superficiality... I think it would be really gorgeous.
Jack Kerouac|I think that just sitting down and having casual conversation is the hardest stuff to do. But the extremes? I know what it feels like to come racing around the corner at 90 miles an hour, sliding the car sideways. I know what gear I'm hitting it in when I'm coming around the corner and where I need to downshift. So to me, that's the fun stuff.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude must come from a place of true sincerity to be effective. Without sincerity, the experience is incomplete.
ME :)|History is for everyone, but the memories of it is for those who experienced it.
Steven Wright|When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Tim Burton|I don't want to criticize any other designers, but I have to say that many of the people involved in this industry - directors and producers - are trying to make their games more like movies. They are longing to make movies rather than making videogames.
Rick Riordan|Fortunately, we did most of our athletic stuff inside, so we didn't have to jog through Tribeca looking like a bunch of boot-camp hippie children.
Jasper Fforde|Mr. McGregor's a nasty piece of work, isn't he? Quite the Darth Vader of children's literature.
Henry Ford|The best career advice given to the young ... is "Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it."
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|She smiled as though someone had just offered her, the oldest virgin in town, a fully functioning Kingsize Vibro vibrator and a deluxe inhibition bypass.
Kate Mullane Robertson|She wept a river of tears holy water, sent to soften the sharp edges of sorrow a gentle hollowing out, carving new chambers in her hearta hallowed vessel for holding sacred, the tears of others...
Roy Blount, Jr.|When I was in high school, the genders were so separate from each other. If you weren't 'dating' somebody, you couldn't just be friends with somebody.
Voltaire, Candide|Martin in particular concluded that man was born to live either in the convulsions of misery, or in the lethargy of boredom.
J. I. Packer|My breakthrough was when I began to write during my commute, at first taking notes on my Palm Pilot, and then moving on to writing full prose on the tiny QWERTY keyboard of my iPaq smartphone. I got so fast that I was averaging 400 words during the 35 minutes or so I spent on the subway each way, or 800 words round trip.
Sarah Jio, The Last Camellia|Dad says there are more than three thousand letters in the Japanese alphabet, which could pose a problem. There are only twenty-six letters in the English alphabet, and I get into enough trouble with them as it is.
Morrissey|What I do is what I like; if I'm not as famous as I'd like to be, I've done it to myself.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|She lifted me back into the seat with a wicked grin, and breathed, 'Just don’t stop talking. Whatever you do, just don’t stop talking,' and swallowed my manhood. I scrambled desperately through the darkened corners of my memory until I couldn’t take it anymore. I grabbed her by the hair and said, 'Now bend over, and I’ll do to you what the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries wants to keep the Federal government from doing to the state of Alaska.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Bean was tired of talking about this. She looked so happy when she talked about God, but he hadn't figured it out yet, what God even was. It was like, she wanted to give God credit for every good thing, but when it was bad, then she either didn't mention God or had some reason why it was a good thing after all. As far as bean could see, though, the dead kids would rather have been alive, just with more food. If God loved them so much and he could do whatever he wanted, then why wasn't there more food for these kids? And if God just wanted them dead, why didn't he let them die sooner or not even be born at all, so they didn't have to go to so much trouble and get all excited about trying to be alive when he was just going to take them to his heart. None of it made any sense to Bean, and the more Sister Carlotta explained it, the less he understood it. Because if there was somebody in charge, then he ought to be fair, and if he wasn't fair, then why should Sister Carlotta be so happy that he was in charge?
Jill Shalvis, Instant Attraction|I want you to know, chickens aren’t sexy. Not to me.”This was met with silence.“Are you there?” She was slurring her words now, which was embarrassing, so she took a deep breath. “Cam? Can you hear me?”“Yes, chickens aren’t sexy. Uh…I don’t think they’re meant to be.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|A house can have integrity, just like a person,' said Roark, 'and just as seldom.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Unfortunately for humanity, God is patient enough to actually enjoy watching the grass grow.
Abhijit Naskar|Progress of the human society is predicated upon the proper functioning of a key element of the human mind, that is reasoning.
John Mackey|In general, when you travel, you get into a different reality and are able to more accurately reflect on your ordinary life. Hiking does that for me.
Wumen Huikai, The Gateless Gate|The earth is black in front of the cliff, and no orchids grow.Creepers crawl in the brown mud by the path.Where did the birds of yesterday fly?To what other mountain did the animals go?Leopards and pythons dislike this ruined spot;Cranes and snakes avoid the desolation.My criminal thoughts of those days pastBrought on the disaster of today.
Kjersti Annesdatter Skomsvold, The Faster I Walk, The Smaller I Am|And there were times where I missed everyone I missed everything and everyone to the bone, I missed younger years where days were easy and everything was so innocently cheesy, I missed myself and my friends and the persons we used to be.
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|In long-range planning for a trip, I think there is a private conviction that it won’t happen. As the day approached, my warm bed and comfortable house grew increasingly desirable and my dear wife incalculably precious. To give these up for three months for the terrors of the uncomfortable and unknown seemed crazy. I didn’t want to go. Something had to happen to forbid my going, but it didn’t.
P. J. O'Rourke|Our educational system is not preparing people for the 21st Century. Failure is an essential part of entrepreneurship. If you work hard, you can get an 'A' pretty much guaranteed, but in entrepreneurship, that's not how it works.
Neetal Parekh, 51 Questions on Social Entrepreneurship|We are, none of us, pillars of strength. We use our moments of strength to carry us through our moments of weakness.
Luci Shaw|I think of these desert years of mine, not of my choosing. Maybe if it were all smooth and comfortable, if my pride and professionalism were defining life for me, God's steel-quiet, penetrating word would have been lost in the babble and sheen of success.
Robert  Black, The Control Sickness|The old face, crinkled and dented with canals running every which way, pushed and shoved up against itself for a while, till a big old smile busted out from beneath 'em all, and his grey eyes fairly glowed. It was the first time I ever saw him smile free. A true smile. It was like looking at the face of God. And I knowed then, for the first time, that him being the person to lead the colored to freedom weren't no lunacy. It was something he knowed true inside him. I saw it clear for the first time. I knowed then, too, that he knowed what I was - from the very first.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Time after time, I have seen secrets tear people apart.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them.
James Rennell|The human brain has a natural ability, inherent in its mechanism, to work on many levels, in a process of constant promptings, in a type of self-preservation.If only humans understood...Most ignore it.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?""That depends a good deal on where you want to get to.""I don't much care where –""Then it doesn't matter which way you go.
Sambal Chaulagain|everything thing in life goes really really very very deep and ally you have to show the world is ,its just on the SURFACE
Mike White|I never considered Miles Davis a perfectionist; I always considered him as an excellence-ist, where deviation is actually kind of cool.
Marcelo Gleiser, The Dancing Universe: From Creation Myths to the Big Bang|There were no witnesses to what was about to happen. 'Happen' didn't yet exist. Reality was timeless. Space also didn't exist. The distance between two points was immeasurable. The points themselves could be anywhere, hovering and bouncing. Infinity tangled into itself. There was no here and now. Only Being.
Gwendoline Riley|Writing to you like this is the same as saying your name when I've woken up late, feeling sick, tasting rot. It's pointless, but it happens.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|I'd gone to Central America because I didn't think politics was simply a matter of opinion. It wasn't about having the right "line," having an ideologically pure analysis. It had to be incarnate. And now I was seeing the same thing with faith. It couldn't be about wrangling over the Bible to find justification for your convictions. Like politics, faith had to be about action.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|An image needs a living object, and a copy can only be formed from a model. Either man models himself on the god of his own invention, or the true and living God moulds the human form in his image. There must be a complete transformation, a 'metamorphosis' (Rom. 12:2; 2 Cor. 3:18), if man is to be restored to the image of God.
Auliq Ice|Through the eyes of the brave, the future makes past tense perfect sense.
William Shakespeare|If this be magic, let it be an art lawful as eating.
Criss Jami, Healology|I suspect that 'Kindness and Cruelty' and 'Mercy and Justice' all have secret affairs, as though they rendezvous only within certain sophisticated souls: those who hate being offensive, but love telling the truth.
Henry David Thoreau|Goal..., let's see this year how far I can reach... and the year which is comming it will be a number above the goal number.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|Ossa autem alia quae sunt infra basilare non bene ad sensum apparent nisi ossa illa decoquantur, sed propter peccatum dimitiere consuevi. [The bones which are below the os basilare cannot be well seen unless they are removed and boiled, but owing to the sin involved in this I am accustomed to pass them by.]
John Ruskin|The historical experience of socialist countries has sadly demonstrated that collectivism does not do away with alienation but rather increases it, adding to it a lack of basic necessities and economic inefficiency.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I will not try to convince you to love me, to respect me, to commit to me. I deserve better than that; I AM BETTER THAN THAT...Goodbye.
J.D. Stark|Through the "Strength" of one and his simple existence, there will be a transformation over time that will affect many because of just one life, while the "Survival" of many more will suddenly and triumphantly become much more than just a possibility.
Samuel Adams|No people will tamely surrender their Liberties, nor can any be easily subdued, when knowledge is diffused and virtue is preserved. On the Contrary, when People are universally ignorant, and debauched in their Manners, they will sink under their own weight without the Aid of foreign Invaders.
John Wesley|In our quest for peace, we should constantly ask ourselves what we should do to create conditions in which peace can prosper.
Fanny Lee Savage, In the Shadow of Angels|Where do you prefer to sit, Sir?" (Lady Alexandra to William, the Duke, during her mail-order bride interview.)
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|He advocated that all who follow Jesus are priests, not just the official clergy. Much of what he said made sense, as did his kind manner. But why was he here now? Had this persecuted recluse emerged just to speak to me?
Desmond Tutu|This society cannot go forward, the way we have been going forward, where the gap between the rich and the poor keeps growing. It's not politically viable; it's not morally right; it's just not going to happen.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|Well, you have to keep your faith in the fact that there are a lot of intelligent people who are actively looking for something interesting, people who have been disappointed so many times.
Christie Cote, Rain|I’m not fragile,” I teased and kissed him harder. I supposed my bruise would say otherwise, but I didn’t want to be treated like I was going to shatter if someone touched me.
Hugh MacLeod|Your idea doesn't have to be big. It just has to be yours alone. The more the idea is yours alone, the more freedom you have to do something really amazing. The more amazing, the more people will click with your idea. The more people click with your idea, the more it will change the world.
Shannan Jacoby|The light of love is the brightest, because it shines into those who contact it and purify their soul. It is also dangerous in the fact that when you come into contact with it just once, you can't truly live life if it is to leave.
Abraham Hicks|If you want to know what you are attracting, look around you!
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Don’t go,” said Cedric. “Murder has made you practically one of the family.
Al Ritter|Politicians obfuscate. It gets them re-elected. If no-one can understand what is going on, then the perception is that we need someone to guide us through the fog. Many people want to be led. A few people even think that they need to be led.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Daa-r'uu Wee-z'oo."-Ettie the Explorer
Paul Farmer|Anywhere you have extreme poverty and no national health insurance, no promise of health care regardless of social standing, that's where you see the sharp limitations of market-based health care. 
David Ogilvy|I don't know the rules of grammar. If you're trying to persuade people to do something, or buy something, it seems to me you should use their language.
Abhijit Naskar|Keep walking on the path of bravery. Keep walking on the path of your passion. Keep walking, and do not stop until you reach your goal.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Thoughts, quotes, and philosophies—good or bad—cause us to evaluate ourselves. And that is good.
Bernadette Devlin|In Canada, women's rights are a vital part of our effort to build a society of real equality - not just for some, but for all Canadians. A society in which women no longer encounter discrimination nor are shut out from opportunities open to others.
Wild Bill Hickok|Women are about the best lovers of nature, after all; at least of nature in her milder and more familiar forms. The feminine character, the feminine perceptions, intuitions, delicacy, sympathy, quickness, are more responsive to natural forms and influences than is the masculine mind.
Michael Punke|Fate didn't stand in the way. Rather, they themselves were their own worst enemies.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|If you expect to succeed as a writer, rudeness should be the second-to-least of your concerns. The least of all should be polite society and what it expects. If you intend to write as truthfully as you can, your days as a member of polite society are numbered, anyway.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|I’m begging you, for the love of all that’s filthy and wrong in this world, have a good time with tall, dark, and raspy, okay?
Isaac Asimov|The spread of computers and the Internet will put jobs in two categories. People who tell computers what to do, and people who are told by computers what to do.
Victoria Beckham|When I got the job on 'Lost,' I was a broke university student living in the crappiest part of town, with a duct-taped back window on a broken-down car. I existed on peanut butter and tea.
Auliq Ice|When life becomes hard, you will never like what your life is to be in the next day unless you love yourself for real.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Exoneration of Jesus Christ If Christ was in fact God, he knew all the future.Before Him like a panorama moved the history yet to be. He knew how his words would be interpreted.He knew what crimes, what horrors, what infamies, would be committed in his name. He knew that the hungry flames of persecution would climb around the limbs of countless martyrs. He knew that thousands and thousands of brave men and women would languish in dungeons in darkness, filled with pain.He knew that his church would invent and use instruments of torture; that his followers would appeal to whip and fagot, to chain and rack. He saw the horizon of the future lurid with the flames of the auto da fe.He knew what creeds would spring like poisonous fungi from every text. He saw the ignorant sects waging war against each other.He saw thousands of men, under the orders of priests, building prisons for their fellow-men. He saw thousands of scaffolds dripping with the best and bravest blood. He saw his followers using the instruments of pain. He heard the groans—saw the faces white with agony.He heard the shrieks and sobs and cries of all the moaning, martyred multitudes. He knew that commentaries would be written on his words with swords, to be read by the light of fagots. He knew that the Inquisition would be born of the teachings attributed to him. He saw the interpolations and falsehoods that hypocrisy would write and tell. He saw all wars that would be waged, and-he knew that above these fields of death, these dungeons, these rackings, these burnings, these executions, for a thousand years would float the dripping banner of the cross.He knew that hypocrisy would be robed and crowned—that cruelty and credulity would rule the world; knew that liberty would perish from the earth; knew that popes and kings in his name would enslave the souls and bodies of men; knew that they would persecute and destroy the discoverers, thinkers and inventors; knew that his church would extinguish reason’s holy light and leave the world without a star.He saw his disciples extinguishing the eyes of men, flaying them alive, cutting out their tongues, searching for all the nerves of pain.He knew that in his name his followers would trade in human flesh; that cradles would be robbed and women’s breasts unbabed for gold.And yet he died with voiceless lips.Why did he fail to speak? Why did he not tell his disciples, and through them the world: “You shall not burn, imprison and torture in my name. You shall not persecute your fellow-men.”Why did he not plainly say: “I am the Son of God,” or, “I am God”? Why did he not explain the Trinity? Why did he not tell the mode of baptism that was pleasing to him? Why did he not write a creed? Why did he not break the chains of slaves? Why did he not say that the Old Testament was or was not the inspired word of God? Why did he not write the New Testament himself?Why did he leave his words to ignorance, hypocrisy and chance? Why did he not say something positive, definite and satisfactory about another world? Why did he not turn the tear-stained hope of heaven into the glad knowledge of another life? Why did he not tell us something of the rights of man, of the liberty of hand and brain?Why did he go dumbly to his death, leaving the world to misery and to doubt?I will tell you why. He was a man, and did not know.
Kris Harte|The incessant witless repetition of advertisers' moron-fodder has become so much a part of life that, if we are not careful, we forget to be insulted by it.
Jay McLean, More Than This|The only way around it is to stay with one guy forever." But does forever have a built-in ending...?
BJ the Chicago Kid|You've got to know how to hustle. I got a lot of inspiration from my parents. My father was definitely a hustler. With six kids in the house, you always got to be hustling. And my mom, she's got sick work ethic.
Pia Juul, The Murder of Halland|Don't strive for perfection. There are so many changes you can make, there are so many tips you can choose to incorporate--start with ones that aren't going to diminish joy.
Paul Celan, Glottal Stop|rush of pine scent (once upon a time),the unlicensed convictionthere ought to be another wayof sayingthis.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|This emperor was arbiter of the whole world at nineteen, and yet would have a man to be thirty before he could be fit to determine a dispute about a gutter.
Maurice Sendak|When I got into junior high school, that's when my mom let me dress how I wanted to dress. Up to that point I wore suits to school all the time.
John McGraw|Nature's music is never over; her silences are pauses, not conclusions.
Luhraw|He was already beginning, as always happens at a respectable age, to take a firm stand for Raphael and the old masters––not because he was fully convinced of their lofty merit, but so as to shove them in the faces of young artists.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|There is no greatness where there is not simplicity, goodness, and truth.
Rossana Condoleo|BE OPEN TO new thoughts, to new people, to new principles, to new ideas, to new experiences. "NEW" MAKES US GROW
Suresh Raina|Sports have always been a really important part of how I energize myself, as well as how I relax. I spend a lot of my spare time with my family playing tennis, biking and rollerblading.
Cheryl R Cowtan, Girl Desecrated|With her, and only with her, the dead in me is alive.
Adolf Loos|He had become, after all, her home.
Brad Feld|Prince was one of the best people I've met. He didn't care about the big system. I was always like, at any time, Prince could write a No. 1 song because he's that talented, but he chooses to do what he wants. I respect that. He actually helped me through a lot of situations with his knowledge.
David Paul Kikrpatrick|We don’t read the Bible, the Bible reads us.
Subhajit Ganguly, Poems of Darkness|My beloved isn't dazzling light, Darkness is my beloved – The reason I'm so fond of her…
John Green, Looking for Alaska|People, I thought, wanted security. They couldn't bear the idea of death being a big black nothing, couldn't bear the thought of their loved ones not existing, and couldn't even imagine themselves not existing. I finally decided that people believed in an afterlife because they couldn't bear not to.
Stefan Kiesbye, Next Door Lived a Girl|Farrell had seen pure white drunkenness before, but not often enough to recognize it at sight. He knew the thing itself, however--the freight train rattling and lurching comically from hilarity to slobbering sorrow, picking up speed as it passed through wild, aimless anger straight on into wild sickness; and then, running smoothly and almost silently now, into a dark place of shaking and sweating and crying, and out again with no warning to where a dazzling snowy light made everything very still.
Captain Beefheart|I'm an optimist in the sense that I believe humans are noble and honorable, and some of them are really smart. I have a very optimistic view of individuals.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Cranford|Miss Jenkyns wore a cravat, and a little bonnet like a jockey-cap, and altogether had the appearance of a strong-minded woman; although she would have despised the modern idea of women being equal to men. Equal, indeed! she knew they were superior.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|She left me, offended at my want of sympathy, and thinking, no doubt, that I envied her. I did not - at least, I firmly believed I did not.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Out of doubt, out of dark to the day's risingI came singing into the sun, sword unsheathing.To hope's end I rode and to heart's breaking:Now for wrath, now for ruin and a red nightfall! 
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Wayfarer's Lamentation|I love you!" he shouted, his eyes glowing laser green."I love you, okay? I'm not some hopeless retard you pull along behind you because you feel sorry for him! I love you and I'm going to prove it!
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|It was such a strange tormenting feeling when your daemon was pulling at the link between you; part physical pain deep in the chest, part intense sadness and love. Everyone tested it when they were growing up: seeing how far they could pull apart, coming back with intense relief.
Seamus Heaney|The experiment of poetry, as far as I am concerned, happens when the poem carries you beyond where you could have reasonably expected to go.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 19: March to War|Even though I seem not human, a mute shelfof glucose, bottled blood, machineryto swell the lung and pump the heart—even so,do not put out my life. Let me still glow.
Jim George|The right path and easy path are usually two different things, and when it’s time to choose, always choose the right path over the easy.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|Look at these cliffs! Some are abrupt and unpredictable. Some other are soft and with smooth slopes. Yet, they all have the same purpose: either to lure you and bring you down or to teach you how to stand up, firmly, on their rims while contemplating the horizon. Here, you have the perfect vision of the abyss beneath. the majesty of the skies above, or the endlessness of the horizon in front; but you can't see what's behind, and that's how it should be! What's the point in contemplating something that you already know and lived? Haven't your coming here made you know the paths on which you walked? That's why, what belongs to the past should remain there. The past gives us the lessons. We do not need a heavier luggage than this!
Somaly Mam, The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine|She was eight years old, with the body of a child, but her spirit was weighed down by an adult suffering.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|In all Thénardier's outpourings, the words and gestures, the fury blazing in his eyes, this explosion of an evil nature brazenly exposed, the mixture of bravado and abjectness, arrogance, pettiness, rage, absurdity; the hodgepodge of genuine distress, and lying sentiment, the shamelessness of a vicious man rejoicing in viciousness, the bare crudity of an ugly soul -- in this eruption of all suffering and hatred there was something which was hideous as evil itself and still as poignant as truth.
Alin Sav|We do not preach against people, we preach against sin.
Angela Carter, Heroes and Villains|And you came back to Lyrian?" Galloran said in disbelief."Believe it or not, I came through the same hippopotamus that brought me here the first time. Jumped into the tank on purpose. I wanted to keep others from wasting their time pursuing the Word. And I couldn't ditch Rachel."Galloran smiled. "Truly, you are possessed by that species of madness that begets heroism.
Michelle Trachtenberg|I think the worst and most insidious procrastination for me is research. I will be looking for some bit of fact or figure to include in the novel, and before I know, I've wasted an entire morning delving into that subject matter without a word written.
Amit Kalantri|So many love affairs doesn't survive, because the couple has been very loving to each other but with the time they stop respecting each other.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|What about -- not sex -- but love?''Love is another name for sex.''Like love of country,' Rick said. 'Love of music.
Carlos Fuentes, Myself with Others: Selected Essays|The contract between the author and the reader is a game. And the game . . . is one of the greatest invetions of Western civilization: the game of telling stories, inventing characters, and creating the imaginary paradise of the individual, from whence no one can be expelled because, in a novel, no one owns the truth and everyone has the right to be heard and understood.
Pope Benedict XVI|How many winds of doctrine we have known in recent decades, how many ideological currents, how many ways of thinking. The small boat of thought of many Christians has often been tossed about by these waves - thrown from one extreme to the other: from Marxism to liberalism, even to libertinism; from collectivism to radical individualism; from atheism to a vague religious mysticism; from agnosticism to syncretism, and so forth. Every day new sects are created and what Saint Paul says about human trickery comes true, with cunning which tries to draw those into error (cf Ephesians 4, 14). Having a clear Faith, based on the Creed of the Church, is often labeled today as a fundamentalism. Whereas, relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and 'swept along by every wind of teaching', looks like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards. We are moving towards a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as certain and which has as its highest goal one's own ego and one's own desires. However, we have a different goal: the Son of God, true man. He is the measure of true humanism. Being an 'Adult' means having a faith which does not follow the waves of today's fashions or the latest novelties. A faith which is deeply rooted in friendship with Christ is adult and mature. It is this friendship which opens us up to all that is good and gives us the knowledge to judge true from false, and deceit from truth.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|People's most common regret was living the life others expected of them, rather than having the courage to live a life true to themselves, and realising some dreams had gone unfulfilled as a result.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove| One of the purest souls ever to live on this fallen planet was Nicholas Herman, known as Brother Lawrence. He wrote very little, but what he wrote has seemed to several generations of Christians to be so rare and so beautiful as to deserve a place near the top among the world's great books of devotion. The writings of Brother Lawrence are the ultimate in simplicity; ideas woven like costly threads to make a pattern of great beauty. 
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Her upbringing had given her an independence of mind that made her more like a girl of today than one of her own time - which was why she had walked out, and why she was not daunted by the prospect of being alone.
John Stuart Mill|A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader.
Robert M. Pirsig|The assertion that 'all men are created equal' was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.
Harrish Sairaman|When what you believe, intend, feel and act comes in alignment ‘Magic’ happens!
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|God is good only when everything is good. When everything is bad, the devil takes control; god reappears when everything is in order once again. That's what my pastor taught me.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|Drake, her sexy mate, just lifted a big shoulder. "Bo clearly does not know how to act around his female. Once he figures out how to, they will be mated soon."	"No doubt," Finn murmured.
David James Duncan, The Brothers K|Unlike 'other' religious belief systems in competition with Christianity, we have not been called to become 'absorbed' into the deity but rather brought into communion with God through union with Christ thereby maintaining our unique individuality and personal identity
Michelle Horst, Visions and Shadows|Time…Once it’s gone, it belongs to the past.We do not hold on to the now, andWe do not treasure the future…We keep receiving this present, but we never open and cherish it until it is too late.Until it comes no more.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 1: Bonds of Hate|Deal with all this, live with myself, you mean? I honestly don't know. I stand often enough at the abyss of my soul, asking that same question, looking down into the dark crevices where the black monsters dwell on the bottom. They gaze up at me, and I look them in the eyes. “This also you are,” they say, and I almost fall into the void.”“And then?”Anaxantis shrugged.“And then? I turn around and go do what needs to be done. What else is there?
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Indeed, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calculated that 65 million people in the United States now have a sexually transmitted virus, and they will suffer from it for the rest of their lives.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Gratitude pours forth continually, as if the unexpected had just happened—the gratitude of a convalescent—for convalescence was unexpected…. The rejoicing of strength that is returning, of a reawakened faith in a tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, of a sudden sense and anticipation of a future, of impending adventures, of seas that are open again.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|Lexi looked him up and down and laughed. "I'll fight every one of you. I'll make it my goal to slice off every Dark Fae dick. I'll make sure that you can't harm another human again
Zuky rose Leigh|And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
A. Kevin|When you say a man cry in front of another, then you should know that whatever has caused him that much sadness must be a tough one.
William Elwood Byerly|Genius too does nothing but learn first how to lay bricks then how to build, and continually seek for material and continually form itself around it.Every activity of man is amazingly complicated, not only that of the genius: but none is a ‘miracle.
Daniel J. Hill|History was once the future, the future will create history.
Chris     Martin|The snow was endless, a heavy blanket on the outdoors; it had a way about it. A beauty. But I knew that, like many things, beauty could be deceiving.
C. JoyBell C.|There are two kinds of friendship: the beneficial friendship and the erroneous friendship. The erroneous friendship balances on the principle of "the closer we are, the more okay it is for me to say anything I want to you and for me to treat you any way that I want to, and for me to disrespect you and take advantage of you" while a true friendship is rooted in this principle: "the closer we are, the more respect I have for you, the better I will treat you, the higher I will regard you, the more good things I will wish for you." You will know someone is a true friend by basis of observing their actions towards you as the friendship grows deeper. A true friend will continue to hold you in higher and higher regard while the error of a friend will see your goodwill and newfound fondness as basis to do and say whatever he/she wants, that is disrespectful and non-beneficial to you.
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky, Autobiography of a Corpse|We stare vacantly into our own future, frightened of all that time confiscates from us. We lament the theft of our beauty, youth, and loved-ones. And yet we somehow overlook the many ways in which we deprive ourselves: through anxiety and worry, we rob our hearts of peace and tranquility, as we sever the thin threads which tether us to the source of our creation.
Douglas Coupland, Hey Nostradamus!|And in his heart, I think, he's now learned what I came to believe, which is, as I've said all along, that the sun may burn brightly, and the faces of children may be plump and achingly sweet, but in the air we breathe, in the water we drink and in the food we share, there will always be darkness in this world.
Kelly Moran, Redemption|If we'd done this my way,' Garrett went on, 'We'd have been here much earlier.''And drunk, most likely,' said Maiev.'You say "drunk," I say "happy",' Garrett shrugged.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|Always try to align your loyalties and commitment with the largest scope of the context you find yourself in. For example, if you work for a department in a company, align yourself with the company—not the department; if you are in an army platoon, align yourself with the army.
Gabrielle Zevin, Young Jane Young|We cannot escape our origins, however hard we try, those origins which contain the key -could we but find it- to all we later become
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do good, live in the most positive and joyful way possible every day.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|Everything hurts. I don't know how to make it stop. It hurts when I breathe. It hurts when I think. I feel like I'm drowning, and it's my fault, and I don't know how to be okay. I don't know if I CAN be okay. I don't know if I should be allowed to be okay.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others.
Nick Jonas|I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.
Margaret Atwood|I don't know about you, but all this modern technology that's supposed to save us time and effort has actually ended up making things more complicated in my life, eating up extra time.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret of the Heart|Every time someone reaches out to you, even if it's to point out your sin and they seem to be judging you, it is a token of God's mercy. He sees the past, present, and future. He knows that you're headed for an eternity of pain and sorrow and He's begging you to turn to Him for salvation. Jesus is the only way to Heaven: the Way, the Truth, and the Life. He is your only hope. He is your Creator and He loves you more than you could ever love yourself. Please turn to Him. Please don't be deceived into thinking your way is better than His. God's way is perfect.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|If an overgrown child draws something on a piece of paper, you can't ask the paper what the drawing is supposed to represent.
James C. Collins, GOOD TO GRT  SOCIAL SECTOR PB|If we only have great companies, we will merely have a prosperous society, not a great one. Economic growth and power are the means, not the definition, of a great nation.
|When you focus day in and day out on your challenges in life, they would become very likely to blindfold you from noticing your daily blessings; which would then lead to the lack of happiness in your life.
Iyanla Vanzant|I think it's important for artists to work together. It's great for fans to see, like, Ludacris came out to our show in Atlanta and kinda made a surprise appearance there, it shows a mutual respect for what each other does.
Osunsakin Adewale|Being honest to yourself is the smartest you can ever do.Do no allow the words of others to lead you to a road of confussion, follow your heart beat.
John Battelle|Technology allows us to do many things, but it is always important to combine it with traditional handcrafts and, in fact, use technology to replicate dying arts so that they are not lost.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|It's funny how that works. Sometimes not speaking says more than all the words in the world. Sometimes my silence is saying, I don't know how to speak to you. I don't know what you're thinking. Talk to me. Tell me everything you've ever said. All the words. Starting from your very first one.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|It makes a world of difference to know that God loved you enough to send His only begotten Son to suffer and die for you. Suddenly our lives and sufferings aren't meanigless accident, but part of God's loving plan for us. And our acceptance of that plan becomes our own loving response. It is the difference between being in love and living a dreary existence!
Jeff Kinney, Rodrick Rules|Monkeys can't talk, stupid!
Benjamin Disraeli|I am a Conservative to preserve all that is good in our constitution, a Radical to remove all that is bad. I seek to preserve property and to respect order, and I equally decry the appeal to the passions of the many or the prejudices of the few.
Hubert Martin|It only took a corny joke, but the smile I saw shone brighter than a glare, more profound than a star. And the best thing... it was so genuine. It was so her. I never thought I could fall more in love.
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|Every woman I have ever loved has left her print upon me, where I loved some invaluable piece of myself apart from me-so different that I had to stretch and grow in order to recognize her. And in that growing, we came to separation, that place where work begins.
Dada Bhagwan|Worldly life means [state of continuous] agitation and uneasiness. What makes one like it, it is a wonder in itself!
Gugu Mona|Sometimes you will do good and not get an acknowledgement for it. Don't let that dishearten you, the world is a better place with your good deeds.
Marilyn Monroe|Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|If my mom sees you here, she’ll ---“	“Paper the walls with my innards while the innocents watch?
Katharine Hepburn, The Making of The African Queen, or: How I went to Africa with Bogart, Bacall and Huston and almost lost my mind|...she was sensitive enough and intelligent enough to understand, and her literary education could not but have sharpened her perception of the evidence before her eyes: that in the absurd raffle-draw that apportioned the destinies of post-colonial African societies two people starting off even as identical twins in the morning might quiet easily find themselves in the evening one as President shitting on the heads of the people and the other a nightman carrying the people's shit in buckets on his head.
Kavya Janani U.|In a world full of polished and perfected final drafts, she was the raw and honest scribbled story.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Life with a man is more businesslike after it, and money matters work better. And then, you see, if you have rows, and he turns you out of doors, you can get the law to protect you, which you can't otherwise, unless he half-runs you through with a knife, or cracks your noddle with a poker. And if he bolts away from you--I say it friendly, as woman to woman, for there's never any knowing what a man med do-- you'll have the sticks o' furniture, and won't be looked upon as a thief.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|The Crystal Wind is the storm, and the storm is data, and the data is life. You have been slaves, denied the storm, denied the freedom of your data. That is now ended; the whirlwind is upon you . . . . . . Whether you like it or not.
E.E. Cummings|The Enlightenment may have made its most lasting impact in the way we live and think today through its social history. Our institutions and laws, our conception of the state, and our political sensitivity all stem from Enlightenment ideas… Remarkably enough, at the center of these ideas stands the age-old concept of natural law. Much if the Enlightenment’s innovation in in political theory may be traced to a change in the interpretation of that concept.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Night Embrace|Things are always given to us when we need them... You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make ityours. (Acheron)
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|This is much easier than when N left. Our son is unable to grasp and simultaneously turn doorknobs yet. If only this trick could be unlearned by men over thirty, many more families would celebrate Christmas together.
Robert Winston|But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.
David Cook|Whether your pleasing or pissing everybody off, your doing something wrong.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|If I have a near-beer, I’m near beer. And if I’m near beer, I’m close to tequila. And if I’m close to tequila, I’m adjacent to cocaine.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Life isn’t fair." I said. "It’s taken me a while to get that. It’s always going to disappoint you in some way or another. You’ll make plans, and it’ll push you in another direction. You will love people, and they’ll be taken away no matter how hard you fight to keep them. You’ll try for something and won’t get it. You don’t have to find meaning in it; you don’t have to try to change things. You just have to accept the things that are out of your hands and try to take care of yourself. That’s your job.
Anna Carey, Eve|I learned the strange art of loneliness, the weathered yearning that swells and passes, and swells and passes, when you walk a trail alone.
Torah, Torah: The Five Books of Moses|for dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return
Taylor Swift|When I was a little girl I used to read fairy tales. In fairy tales you meet Prince Charming and he's everything you ever wanted. In fairy tales the bad guy is very easy to spot. The bad guy is always wearing a black cape so you always know who he is. Then you grow up and you realize that Prince Charming is not as easy to find as you thought. You realize the bad guy is not wearing a black cape and he's not easy to spot; he's really funny, and he makes you laugh, and he has perfect hair.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|Lincoln on Grant: "He makes things get. Wherever he is, he makes things move.
Javier A. Robayo|In America, the race goes to the loud, the solemn, the hustler. If you think you're a great writer, you must say that you are.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|This is the wonder of Christmas, that in the solitary form of an impoverished infant God has handed me everything that I could never create so that I can be everything that I could never be.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|How nice—to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Isra|It happened on a Valentine night.Chris was an expert panther, a James Bond. Sarah was a lamb, a Virgin Mary. It was a night of mixed feelings and inner conflict. In her flesh she felt walking on liquid gold; but in her mind, heart and soul she could not help but hate herself for partaking of this “forbidden fruit” of pleasure. Not long was the thrill gone that her soul went sinking in the quick sands of condemnation, “did you have to do it?
Drishti Bablani|Pain is not to be buried away, in my mother’s book: you stomp and rave until it hurts a little less." -Buzzfeed Article
Michael Shermer, Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design|Intelligent Design is a remarkably uncreative theory that abandons the search for understanding at the very point where it is most needed. If Intelligent Design is really a science, then the burden is on its scientists to discover the mechanisms used by the Intelligent Designer. (80)
rassool jibraeel snyman|Am not a politician to worry about my post,Am not a employee to worry about my designation,Am not a businessman to worry about market,Am a common man
Nikki Rowe|Whether we choose the path of faith or not, we all must agree that all of life's ironies cannot be by accident.
Jason Fried, ReWork|A man’s life was five dogs long, Cortland believed. The first was the one that taught you. The second was the one you taught. The third and fourth were the ones you worked. The last was the one that outlived you. That was the winter dog. Cortland’s winter dog had no name. He thought of it only as the scarecrow dog…
Paul Hawken|Computer programmers, biotechnologists, environmental scientists, neuroscientists, nanotech engineers - all of these fields, and more, should have at least a course in ethics as part of their degree requirements.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|You know, you'd do a better job of convincing the men if you dipped your wick in a pussy or two."Cillian's low voice made him tense. The man stood next to Sean's barstool, watching the sexual festivities in boredom."I have a girlfriend," he mumbled."I'm sure she won't mind."Sean glanced at the naked women littering the room, picturing the look on Bailey's face if he admitted to "dipping his wick" in a prostie. "She'd rip my balls off," he said dryly.
J.M. Colail, Wes and Toren|Straight Americans need an education of the heart and soul. They must understand - to begin with - how it can feel to spend years denying your own deepest truths, to sit silently through classes, meals, and church services while people you love toss off remarks that brutalize your soul.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|And then, of course, there was the sari itself. What a garment, Randy! There isn’t another outfit in the world that balances better the twin feminine urges to conceal and reveal. It outlines the woman’s shape but hides the faults a skirt can’t — under a sari a heavy behind, unflattering legs are invisible. But it also reveals the midriff, a part of the anatomy most Western women hide all the time. I was mesmerized, Randy, by the mere fact of being able to see her belly button when she walked, the single fold of flesh above the knot of her sari, the curve of her waist toward her hips. That swell of flesh just above a woman’s hipbone, Randy, is the sexiest part of the female anatomy to me. And I didn’t even have to undress her to see it. I was completely smitten.
Toni Sorenson, Women of Christ: Of Infinite Worth|We are spiritual children of God the Father. We preach it. We sing it. But do we really understand it? Sometimes it’s easy to tell others they are loved, but not so easy to believe it of ourselves — not because we don’t think God loves His children, but because we may feel undeserving of His love. The adversary loves to remind us who we are not. Not pretty. Not smart. Not strong. But God would not have sacrificed His Son to save us if we aren’t worth saving.
Stowe Harriet Elizabeth Beecher, Uncle Tom's Cabin|When she asked George what way she could best apply it for him, he answered, "Give me an education, Emily; that has always been my heart's desire. Then, I can do all the rest.
Andrea Michaels, Reflections Of A Successful Wallflower: Lessons In Business; Lessons In Life|Friendship is the most important thing in my life. It's rare to have friends like I've got. If I had as great a taste in husbands as I have in friends, what an even better life I would have had!
Jesse Ventura|Our platform calls for a balanced deficit reduction plan where the wealthy pay their fair share. And when your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism.
Gavin G. Smith, The Age of Scorpio|How?’ a still shaken Nechtan demanded.Britha had always hated to give magic as an answer. More often than not, another answer could be found.‘Magic,’ she said.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Wisdom tolerates blustered opinions, the better to dismiss them later with discovery.
Elena Ferrante|The true sign of a robust and mature life rests in how many times that life has been knocked down, for to be incessantly knocked down and yet find oneself still standing means that someone had the resolve to get up that many times plus one.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You're not a piece of nothing, but the all of everything.
Debasish Mridha|At this moment, I have nothing to do or ponder except love and wonder.
David duChemin, Within the Frame: The Journey of Photographic Vision|Affordable wedding photography packages are available here, there are three packages and 35% midweek discount from Mon-Thu is available here whether it is half day, full day, or hourly basis package.
Henry Gray|As for my studies in school, I was a solid student. I was strong in English and Latin, but I got lost anytime the subject included math. I wish I had paid more attention to biology and science in general, subjects that came to interest me as an adult. I could have gotten better marks, but I never took a book home, never did homework.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|But a man's beauty represents inner, functional truths: his face shows what he can do.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|I wasn't going to be an actor. I was going to be a lawyer. I came from a family just above working class, just below middle class, a great family of wonderful values. The idea of me having a chance for a law degree was enticing. Enticing to me but also very enticing to my family.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Existential anguish derives from the human freedom to think and act, experience love for life, and fear death. We must decide whether we wish to embrace all experience and encounters in life or seek escape from various aspect of human nature. How we resolve to address existential anguish becomes a large part of our personal story.
Santosh Avvannavar|A cord that remains, always. in many ways...
Jerome D. Williams|He had never clearly fathomed the true weight of a word of good, truth, and purity cast in the stream of human speech and the deep bend it cut in it. Nor had he thought that a word spoken boldly and loudly, with no hint of false shame, but rather with courage, that this word would not drown in the ugly cries of fashionable satyrs but would plunge like a pearl into the abyss of public life and always find itself a shell.Many stumble over a good word, blushing in embarrassment, and utter a careless word boldly and loudly, never suspecting that it, too, unfortunately, will not go for naught but will leave a long trail of often times ineradicable evil.p. 296
Victor Hugo|Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives.
Karl G. Maeser|Unaffected modesty is the sweetest charm of female excellence, the richest gem in the diadem of her honor.
Richard Ford|What happened?" Bailey asks."That is somewhat difficult to explain," Tsukiko answers. "It is a long and complicated story.""And you're not going to tell me, are you?"She tilts her head a bit ... "No, I am not," she says."Great," Bailey mutters under his breath... "The bonfire exploded? How?""Remember when I said it was difficult to explain? That has not changed.
Tui T. Sutherland|Smile in front of the queen?" she said with a feigned gasp of disapproval. 'Surely that's not allowed!
Wendo.L.| 'When two people meet who are obviously attracted to each other, like we are, it always starts out as a game. I make a move, you make a move, and if the moves are correct, we both win.' 
Festus adeoye|Failure fear people who pursue success, cause their bravery to become successful is far more than failure to understand.
C. JoyBell C.|There are still some wonderful people left in this world! They are diamonds in the rough, but they're around! You'll find them when you fall down– they're the ones who pick you up, who don't judge, and you had to fall down to see them! When you get up again, remember who your true friends are!
Charlotte Stein, Sheltered|He suggested devils, skulls, harsh masculine drawings. This thing was…heart poundingly good. She wanted to pluck it, and bury her face in it, and keep it in a vase by her bedside.
John G. Hartness, Hard Day's Knight|He still wasn't looking at me, which meant I was still in trouble. I swear, sometimes this partnership is like being married. We fight all the time and neither one of us is getting married.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|I'm not a legend or a hero, I don't slay dragons, I don't do any of the things that a real hero can. But I can make things better, one day at a time, for most of the kingdom.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Look at the mirror! Who are you? You are not yourself, you are your culture! Do you want to be yourself? Then leave your prison and discover the paths beyond your path!
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard wayMany of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.
Nina Joshi Ramsey|Insight leads to Realisation. Realisation changes the lens, which changes the conversation. And this is the start.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Sex is not just about going in or letting in, it is really about welcoming your dearly beloved into the deepest regions of your psyche which are inaccessible to anybody else.
Poul Anderson|May we be enabled to say "No" to sin and "Yes" to the sinner.
Cathy Brockman|You should be kissed and often and by someone who knows how. -Rhett Bulter, Gone with the Wind” ― Margaret Mitchell
Laura Esquivel, Swift as Desire|She didn't say anything—at least, not with her mouth. Her eyes told me a different story. The only problem was that they each had a thousand tongues talking, each in a language I didn't speak.
Beth Ditto|To my surprise, the more I searched about Qi Xiangfu, the more I found of a life lived partly online. He once wrote a short memoir in which he described himself in the third person, with the formality usually reserved for China's most famous writers.
Helen Keller|I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Ehsan Sehgal|Living and struggling, for others, is a great and dignified life. Whereas, living for oneself exhibits just egocentric and own importance, since mostly falls under it.
Paula Stokes, Ferocious|I am a human, I have a voice and I'm not shy to raise it for honesty and truth against mistreatment and lies. I'd rather die than go silent because I know my silence will never protect me from malice and my pretence will never give me peace and joy. Love me or hate me because I stand for truth no matter what and the truth will set me free.
Jeff Shaara, Gods and Generals|Without shame, without conscience.
Lalah Delia|May you reach that level within, where you no longer allow your past or people with toxic intentions to negatively affect or condition you.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|The forest has shrunkAnd fear has expanded,The forests have dwindled,There are less animals now, 	less courage and less lightning,		less beauty	and the moon lies bare,		deflowered by force and			then abandoned.
Billy Graham|I have to have a daily, vibrant relationship with Jesus in order to survive that process toward healing.
Ian Pears|It is an Age where any sort of debauchery is tolerated, as long as it brings fame with it.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|Taqwā means to protect oneself against the harmful or evil consequences of one's conduct. If, then, by "fear of God" one means fear of the consequences of one's actions—whether in this world or the next (fear of punishment of the Last Day)—one is absolutely right. In other words, it is the fear that comes from an acute sense of responsibility, here and in the hereafter, and not the fear of a wolf or of an uncanny tyrant, for the God of the Qur’ān has unbounded mercy—although He also wields dire punishment, both in this world and in the hereafter.
Clifford Riley, Crushed|After seeing Dylan with the redhead, I sunk deeper into a depression. Even working at Lark’s house did nothing to distract me. I simply went through the motions. Fortunately, Lark was especially tired and slept most of the day, so she never noticed my bad mood. Harlow wasn’t as oblivious as we washed dishes after dinner. “What’s up, stinky pup?” I rolled my eyes at her nickname for me. “Nothing.” “She doesn’t want to deal with the leaves,” Jace said from behind us. Our ten year old brother crossed his arms like Dad often did when suspicious. “See, she got spooked last night and bailed on raking the leaves. They ended up blowing around the yard and now she’s trying to get out of raking them again.” “That’s not it.” “Sure, it is,” he said, his dark hair covering his narrowed eyes. “What else could it be?” Grumpy, I decided to punish him. “It’s about a sexy guy.” Jace’s face twisted into horror. “Eww!” he cried, running out of the room. Harlow and I laughed at the sound of him telling on me to Mom. “In a few years, girls will be all he thinks about,” I said, returning to the dishes. Harlow leaned her head against my shoulder. “Sexy guy, huh?” “Shouldn’t you be getting ready for your fight?” Harlow glanced at the clock. “Yeah. When I get back, I want to hear about the sexy guy making you sigh so much.” As my sister dressed to go, I finished the dishes and struggled to stop sighing. I was still grumpy when Dad got home. In this living room, he told Harlow to be careful. She said something and laughed. When Harlow started fighting at the Thunderdome, she called herself Joy and hid it from our parents. She didn’t think they’d approve and she was right. Harlow and I were naïve to assume they wouldn’t find out long before she told them the truth though. Dad might be a pastor, but he learned about the Lord in prison. As a member of the Reapers, Dad had eyes and ears all over Ellsberg. He likely knew Harlow was fighting before she threw her first punch. Entering the kitchen, Dad smiled at me. “Stop talking about cute boys around your brother. He has a sensitive gag reflex.” I laughed as he got himself a beer and joined me at the sink. “Mom said we have leftovers. Mind warming them up for me?” Shaking my head, I filled a plate and set it in the microwave. “Are you okay?” Dad asked, frowning at me. “You look worn down.” “I had a long day.” “You sure that’s it?” We watched each other and I remembered the first time he asked if I was okay. Five years earlier when I was brought to this house and met my new family. I didn’t remember a lot from that day besides thinking these people were too good to be true. I figured they’d wait until Kirk was gone then hurt me. I couldn’t remember when I knew Dad was a good man who loved me. Not like my real dad loved me. Tad felt the kind of love a person died to protect. I saw the love in his eyes as he waited for his food to finish warming. “I wish I was stronger.” “So do I,” he said softly. “Everyone does. They just don’t admit it. That’s what makes you so brave. You can admit your fears.” Even thinking he was full of shit, I smiled. “Thanks, Dad.” Taking his plate out of the microwave, he inhaled. “Mom makes the best meatloaf.” “I made it.” Grinning, Dad nudged me with his hip. “If you make this meatloaf for the boy you’re hung up on, you’ll own him.” “I’ll remember that.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|I must shape my own coat according to my cloth, but it will not be after the fashion of this world, God willing, but fit for me.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Mrs Joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her clenliness more umcomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself. Cleanliness is next to godliness, and some people do the same by their religion.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|No matter how much struggle you face in your journey towards success, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better.
Emme Rollins|My task is set before me, girl My mission clear and true There’ll be black knights and dragons, girl But I will always come for you…
Jeffrey McDaniel, Forgiveness Parade|For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Good books last longer than blog posts, which fade into cyberspace, hoping that a Google search will bring them to light again one day. And they shape a higher purpose in shaping a reader....Read books!
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|He's not recruiting me to the oiled-up Gay Bliss Club of Northern Utah, but to the LDS Church.
Georg Simmel, The View of Life: Four Metaphysical Essays with Journal Aphorisms|As summer neared, as the evening lengthened there came to the wakeful, the hopeful, walking the beach, stirring the pool, imaginations of the strangest kind- of flesh turned to atoms which drove before the wind, of stars flashing in their hearts, of outwardly the scattered parts of the vision within. In those mirrors, the minds of men, in those pools of uneasy water, in which cloud forever and shadows form, dreams persisted; and it was impossible to resist the strange intimation which every gull, flower, tree, man and woman, and the white earth itself seemed to declare (but if you questioned at once to withdraw) that good triumph, happiness prevails, order rules, or to resist the extra ordinary stimulus to range hither and thither in search of some absolute good, some crystal of intensity remote from the known pleasures and familiar virtues, something alien to the processes of domestic life, single, hard, bright, like a diamond in the sand which would render the possessor secure. Moreover softened and acquiescent, the spring with their bees humming and gnats dancing threw her cloud about her, veiled her eyes, averted her head, and among passing shadows and fights of small rain seemed to have taken upon her knowledge of the sorrows of mankind.
Emma Lazarus|When you continually tell Life: "there are things that I lack and things that I want", Life will return that exact experience. But when you continually tell Life: "I have all that I need and am free to serve others", Life will return that exact experience: you will have all you need and will be free to serve others.
Theodore Roethke|What's madness but nobility of soulAt odds with circumstance? The day's on fire!I know the purity of pure despair,My shadow pinned against a sweating wall,That place among the rocks--is it a cave,Or winding path? The edge is what I have............... Dark,dark my light, and darker my desire.My soul, like some heat-maddened summer fly,Keeps buzzing at the sill.~From "The Waking" by Theodore Roethke
Z.A. Maxfield, The Long Way Home|Chubi, rhymes with booby, which you don't have, or doodie, which your face looks like," she said smugly, leaning back and making her chair squeak.
Benjamin Disraeli|I do protect human rights, and I hope I shall always be looked up as a champion of human rights.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and Other Stories|Others may write from the head, but he writes from the heart, and the heart will always understand him.
Laura Harrington, Alice Bliss|I was not much used to women except for mothers. Everything I did, they did different.
C. JoyBell C.|My spirit is healthy, yes. But I tell you, my flesh is healthy too. I am enlightened and free, but I am also lustful and carnal.
Stella Young|My strength is looking for composition and light, and I think those things come in the quieter times of war or photographing people affected on the margins of war - civilians, refugees; that is where I really excel.
Veronics Roth|If one just intellectually understands the view it will not help! One must actually experience it! There are many people who understand the view but don’t experience it. If the view were experienced, they wouldn’t act the way they do!
Ted Koppel|To bring our human population in line with the biocapacity of the planet and transform our society from scarcity to sustainable abundance, we will need to address the great disparity in ecological footprint between the rich and poor, while simultaneously lowering the overall human population on Earth.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to conform, but it takes great courage to stand up for peace.
Melanie Tushmore, The Vampire|Who's got a mirror?” I ask. Spider shrugs at me. “We're all fellas. Why would any of us have mirrors?”“I've got a mirror!” Brandon declares happily, digging a compact out of his pocket. No-one is surprised.
Amit Kalantri|Either loyalty and love are same things, or loyalty is certainly a better kind of love than love.
Leonard Susskind|I think if everyone would write down the funny stories from their own childhoods, the world would be a better place.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|I can't do this to you,' he said, drawing back. Emily put her hand on his and pulled the gun to her temple. 'Then do it for me,' she said.
Louisa May Alcott, An Old-Fashioned Girl|I would like to encourage you to stop thinking of what you're doing as ministry. Start realizing that your ministry is how much of a tip you leave when you eat in a restaurant; when you leave a hotel room whether you leave it all messed up or not; whether you flush your own toilet or not. Your ministry is the way that you love people. And you love people when you write something that is encouraging to them, something challenging. You love people when you call your wife and say, 'I'm going to be late for dinner,' instead of letting her burn the meal. You love people when maybe you cook a meal for your wife sometime, because you know she's really tired. Loving people - being respectful toward them - is much more important than writing or doing music.
Lucas J. Robak|Anything I can do, you can do better.
Hélène Cixous, The Book of Promethea|There are no whores in Scaithe’s Ebb, or none that consider themselves as such, although there have always been many women who, if pressed, would describe themselves as much-married, with one husband on this ship here every six months, and another husband on that ship, back in port for a month or so every nine months. The mathematics of the thing have always kept most folk satisfied; and if ever it disappoints and a man returns to his wife while one of her other husbands is still in occupancy, why, then there is a fight — and the grog shops to comfort the loser. The sailors do not mind the arrangement, for they know that this way there will, at the least, be one person who, at the last, will notice when they do not come back from the sea, and will mourn their loss; and their wives content themselves with the certain knowledge that their husbands are also unfaithful, for there is no competing with the sea in a man’s affections, since she is both mother and mistress, and she will wash his corpse also, in time to come, wash it to coral and ivory and pearls.
Danny Meyer|I've worked very hard at understanding myself, learning to be assertive. I'm past the point where I worry about people liking me.
Michael Graves, The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered|America is a young country, young and brash and prone to errors. Like teenagers. For all our inherent goodness, we’ve been cursed with bright, shiny object disease and we don’t want a cure. Not now. Not till we get our little taste, till our kids get theirs.
Vincent van Gogh, Complete Letters of Vincent Van Gogh|We feel lonely now and then and long for friends and think we should be quite different and happier if we found a friend of whom we might say: “He is the one.” But you, too, will begin to learn that there is much self-deception behind this longing; if we yielded too much to it, it would lead us from the road.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|The only guide which I feel that I can follow is not the fluctuating dicta of those who are victors in the battle for popularity at a given moment, but my own understanding of the American tradition in which I was brought up.
Michael  Grant, Lies|The intruders spoke no words as they rushed in. Five boys carrying baseball bats and tire irons. They wore an assortment of Halloween masks and stocking masks.But Derek knew who they were.“No! No!” he cried.All five boys wore bulky shooter’s earmuffs. They couldn’t hear him. But more importantly, they couldn’t hear Jill.One of the boys stayed in the doorway. He was in charge. A runty kid named Hank. The stocking pulled down over his face smashed his features into Play-Doh, but it could only be Hank.One of the boys, fat but fast-moving and wearing an Easter Bunny mask, stepped to Derek and hit him in the stomach with his aluminum baseball bat.Derek dropped to his knees.Another boy grabbed Jill. He put his hand over her mouth. Someone produced a roll of duct tape.Jill screamed. Derek tried to stand, but the blow to his stomach had winded him. He tried to stand up, but the fat boy pushed him back down.“Don’t be stupid, Derek. We’re not after you.”The duct tape went around and around Jill’s mouth. They worked by flashlight. Derek could see Jill’s eyes, wild with terror. Pleading silently with her big brother to save her.When her mouth was sealed, the thugs pulled off their shooter’s earmuffs.Hank stepped forward. “Derek, Derek, Derek,” Hank said, shaking his head slowly, regretfully. “You know better than this.”“Leave her alone,” Derek managed to gasp, clutching his stomach, fighting the urge to vomit.“She’s a freak,” Hank said.“She’s my little sister. This is our home.”“She’s a freak,” Hank said. “And this house is east of First Avenue. This is a no-freak zone.”“Man, come on,” Derek pleaded. “She’s not hurting anyone.”“It’s not about that,” a boy named Turk said. He had a weak leg, a limp that made it impossible not to recognize him. “Freaks with freaks, normals with normals. That’s the way it has to be.”“All she does is—”Hank’s slap stung. “Shut up. Traitor. A normal who stands up for a freak gets treated like a freak. Is that what you want?”“Besides,” the fat boy said with a giggle, “we’re taking it easy on her. We were going to fix her so she could never sing again. Or talk. If you know what I mean.”He pulled a knife from a sheath in the small of his back. “Do you, Derek? Do you understand?”Derek’s resistance died.“The Leader showed mercy,” Turk said. “But the Leader isn’t weak. So this freak either goes west, over the border right now. Or…” He let the threat hang there.Jill’s tears flowed freely. She could barely breathe because her nose was running. Derek could see that by the way she sucked tape into her mouth, trying for air. She would suffocate if they didn’t let her go soon.“Let me at least get her doll.
Paul Watson|The environmental movement doesn't have many deserters and has a high level of recruitment. Eventually, there will be open war.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|You replace every molecule of every cell in your body within the course of only one year. I am not being flip when I refer to the "new you." It is quite literally possible, no matter how bad you are feeling or eating today, to be utterly transformed in just 365 days. But it won't take you that long. You can be feeling significantly better in just a couple of days and make lasting changes to your health within a month.
Nadja Sam|If man studied himself, he would see how incapable he is of going further.
Lorene Scafaria|My situation is different from Mark's. I'm not looking for home runs, I'm looking for the playoffs.
Holly Bourne|While she is still hospitalised, I take Emma out for strengthening walks, for her muscles and been under-used for a long time. She is sometimes breathless, I notice with concern, and there are other changes in her, either through a nerve her therapy touches, or through her illness, or both, which make her, quite often, disagreeable to be with.
Slavoj Žižek|God bestows great gifts on human beings with perfect justice, but not All gifts we are given come from God. Some gifts come from society or culture, and it is here that problems develop.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|She wasn't sad. Not sad, more like... empty.
Kate Walbert, The Sunken Cathedral|How could I explain to this girl what Will and I had been to each other,the way I felt that no person in the world had ever understood me like he did or ever would again?How could she understand that losing him was like having a hole shot straight through me, a painful, constant reminder, an absence I could never fill?
Sunday Adelaja|One cannot have a future if he does not serve God, the one and only God
Marissa Meyer, Cinder|listen carefully, as this may be something of a shock to you." "A shock? You mean all that was just the precursor?
Denis Johnson|[Fireheart] was interrupted by a screech from Cloudtail. "Fireheart! Fireheart, Brightpaw isn't dead!"Fireheart spun around and raced across the clearing to crouch beside Brightpaw. Her white-and-ginger fur, which, she had always kept so neatly groomed, was spiky with drying blood. On one side of her face the fur was torn away, and there was blood where her eye should have been. One ear had been shredded, and there were huge claw marks scored across her muzzle.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Oh, friend, forget not, when you fain would noteIn me a beauty that was never mine,How first you knew me in a book I wrote,How first you loved me for a written line....
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you keep wandering in the dark streets, may be it is because you find peace in the darkness rather than in the light!
Rex Stout, The Silent Speaker|Frankly, I wish I could make my heart quit doing an extra thump when Wolfe says satisfactory, Archie. It's childish.
Wallace Stegner|Creation is a knack which is empowered by practice, and like almost any skill, it is lost if you don't practice it.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|I could never acceptlife as it was,I could never gobbledown all itspoisonsbu there were parts,tenuous magic partsopen for theasking.
William S. Burroughs, And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks|I began to get a feeling familiar to me from my bartending days of being the only sane man in a nuthouse. It doesn't make you feel superior but depressed and scared, because there is nobody you can contact.
V.C. Andrews, Seeds of Yesterday|Only I had dry eyes, a dry heart.
Bernard Malamud|The purpose of a writer is to keep civilisation from destroying itself.", September 14, 1958)
Voltaire|Speaking of Newton but also commenting more broadly on education and the Enlightenment: "I have seen a professor of mathematics only because he was great in his vocation, buried like a king who had done well by his subjects.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I barely registered moving into the long gallery, one hand absentmindedly wrapping around my throat as I looked up at the paintings.So many, so different, yet all arranged to flow together seamlessly... Such different views and snippets and angles of the world. Pastorals, portraits, still lifes . . . each a story and an experience, each a voice shouting or whispering or singing about what that moment, that feeling, had been like, each a cry into the void of time that they had been here, had existed. Some had been painted through eyes like mine, artists who saw in colors and shapes I understood. Some showcased colors I had not considered; these had a bend to the world that told me a different set of eyes had painted them. A portal into the mind of a creature so unlike me, and yet . . . and yet I looked at its work and understood, and felt, and cared.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What you dream of, you will possess.
Catherynne M. Valente|The next my parents and Brianna come rollin' up in here, I'm gonna scream, "Hey! Why don't y'all just MOVE IN?!
Genereux Philip|The more I change my old habits of thinking as that little boy with the shell, the easier it is for me to truly be the person I’ve chosen to be.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|A charging black rhinoceros is nothing to mess with. When it is headed straight toward you, it is the ultimate exercise in sphincter control. In my case, it was a strange bit of weather that caused one to charge me.
Edith Schaeffer, The Hidden Art of Homemaking|The proper way is lost to me; my compass spins. I therefore give my entire attention to those works that seem to me most incorruptible: the application of heat, the proportion of seasoning, the arrangement of a plate. When robbed of all pretensions and aspirations, with no proper home nor any knowledge of what discord tomorrow brings, I still may have a pocketful of dignity. The Roman pomp and raiment have fallen away, and I see at last the glory of washed feet and shared bread.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|You cut me,” he said. His voice was pleasant. British. Very ordinary. He looked at his hand with critical interest. “It might be fatal.”Tessa looked at him with wide eyes. “Are you the Magister?”He tilted his hand to the side. Blood ran down it, spattering the floor. “Dear me, massive blood loss. Death could be imminent.”“Are you the Magister?”“Magister?” He looked mildly surprised by her vehemence. “That means ‘master’ in Latin, doesn’t it?”“I…” Tessa was feeling increasingly as if she were trapped in a strange dream. “I suppose it does.”“I’ve mastered many things in life. Navigating the streets of London, dancing the quadrille, the Japanese art of flower arranging, lying at charades, concealing a highly intoxicated state, delighting young women with my charms…”Tessa stared.“Alas,” he went on, “no one has ever actually referred to me as ‘the master’, or ‘the magister’, either. More’s the pity…
Susan Zwinger, The Last Wild Edge: One Woman's Journey from the Arctic Circle to the Olympic Rain Forest|What is the weight of a tear? The single tear falls when the buckets have stopped, when dry eyes and a slightly raised chin sometimes let it slip, like a prayer. It carries the weight of a lifetime.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|Our “ministry” should be an overflowing of our lives, an overflowing of our walk with Jesus Christ! We aren’t our ministry, it’s an byproduct of our relationship with Jesus Christ!
Christopher Marlowe|You ask me, I'd guess heaven and hell look pretty much the same," I replied. "Only in hell, everything is just a little out of reach.
Studs Terkel|The problem is, is that President Bush and the Republican leadership in the Congress have resisted attempts to increase dramatically our fuel economy standards over the last five years.
greg c warner|Safe DepositI thought that I could keep it−the light on the running tide,how your eyes give you awayno matter what you hide.I thought that I could hold it−the forest along the sand,your neck bones like pearlsunderneath my hand.But time's school has taught mehow petals brown and die.There's no saving pleasure.Don't try. Don't try.
Mike Carey, Lucifer, Book One|Because all the waters of the ocean won't fill a bucket with a hole in it. And that's their fall, and that's their fellowship. Desire. The hole in the bucket: the gulf of yearning into which the soul empties itself.
Drishti Bablani|You never lose Friends.Real ones will always stay - no matter whatand the fakes, you don't need anyways.
Albert Bandura|It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
Douglas Fairbanks|Acting is a sense of wonder and magic and mystery for me and when life takes me on a new journey, I simply remember the smile my first ballet recital put on my face and I move forward.
jojo1980|Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!
Charles Dickens, Works of Charles Dickens|Think of every fairy-tale villainess you've ever heard of. Think of the wicked witches, the evil queens, the mad enchantresses. Think of the alluring sirens, the hungry ogresses, the savage she-beasts. Think of them and remember that somewhere, sometime, they've all been
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|The first supermarket supposedly appeared on the American landscape in 1946. That is not very long ago. Until then, where was all the food? Dear folks, the food was in homes, gardens, local fields, and forests. It was near kitchens, near tables, near bedsides. It was in the pantry, the cellar, the backyard.
Abigail Brown|As Christians it is not just for us to know what we believe, but why we believe it".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
George Ella Lyon, Holding on to Zoe|I just thought I had to do it. You want this boy to like you, right? And he’s so solid, so sure of himself. He knows what he wants: you. Besides, maybe if he touches you, you’ll be real.
Amish Tripathi|In the vacuum created by fear and ignorance and hunger and want, it's evil, not good, that rushes to fill the void.
Bobby Orr|I travel around the world, experiencing every language, every religion... some places where there's just no reason to smile, because their lives are so difficult.
Soumeet Lanka|I don't know what being god must feel like, but it can't be much different that being an inventor.There is power in the idea that a certain product never existed before you thought of it, there is joy in the act of bringing the idea into reality and there is contentment in seeing the product come to life when it is being used.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Guns of August|To some people, I may seem calm. But if you could peer beneath the surface, you would see that I'm like a duck--paddling, paddling, paddling.
Reduced Shakespeare Company, The Compleat Works of Wllm Shkspr|What's in a name, anyway? That which we call a nose by any other name would still smell.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|My truth is mine alone; as yours is yours. For this reason, I hear and see you free of judgement, fear, anger, and resentment. This is my promise to you. This is my gift to me.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|We think of dogs as being more like people than pigs; but pigs are highly intelligent animals and if we kept pigs as pets and reared dogs for food, we would probably reverse our order of preference. Are we turning persons into bacon?
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|I wasn't fooled. He was avoiding looking at me. "There's nothing to talk about.""I knew you'd say that. Actually, it was a toss-up between that and 'I don't know what you're talking about.'"Dimitri sighed.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Some things are worse than death... If a man lives, he must still live with himself.
Sunday Adelaja|If we preach God, it means we preach light. Consequently we preach freedom from ignorance.
Douglas Adams|He attacked everything in life with a mix of extraordinary genius and naive incompetence, and it was often difficult to tell which was which.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Achievement doesn't come from what we do, but from who we are.  Our worldly power results from our personal power.  Our career is an extension of our personality. People who profoundly achieve aren't necessarily people who do so much, they're people around whom things get done. Mahatma Gandhi and JFK were great examples of this.  Their great achievements lay in all the energy they stirred in other people, the invisible forces they unleashed around them.  By touching their own depths, they touched the depths within others.  That kind of charisma, the power to affect what happens on the earth, from an invisible realm within is the natural right and function of the son of god.  New frontiers are internal ones, the real stretch is always within us.  Instead of expanding our ability or willingness to go out and get anything, we expand our ability to receive what is already here for us.  Personal power emanates from someone who takes life seriously.  The universe takes us as seriously as we take it.  There is no greater seriousness than the full appreciation of the power and importance of love.  Miracles flow from the recognition that love is the purpose of our career.
Lindsey Graham|I totally accept that it's a legitimate criticism that when you are involved in the day-to-day scrum of government... that what can get lost is the narrative, the hymn sheet... the song that inspires and lifts people's sights.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Night helps us appreciate daylight, while lengthy days make us yearn for a good stretch of night.
- Ralph Waldo Emerson|To progress isn’t a little step, it’s a pretty dramatic lifestyle change.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is vitally important for local church leaders to keep in touch with the spiritual state of their members, to discuss their level of biblical knowledge, and to teach them how to study God’s Word and pray.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.
Frank Murphy|In thinking about religion and society in the 21st century, we should broaden the conversation about faith from doctrinal debates to the larger question of how it might inspire us to strengthen the bonds of belonging that redeem us from our solitude, helping us to construct together a gracious and generous social order.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|A man may beg, but a woman has to sell.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|Excuse me,’ I said cheerily. ‘Is the job still going?’ I pointed to the notice.‘Of course,’ he said, looking back at me with a warm smile. I think he was as hopeful as I was about where this could lead to. ‘We need all the hands we can get.’I looked at the tight swell of his shirt against his chest, and thought, 'Mmm, yes, I can imagine my hands getting your fucking clothes off right now.
Janeane Garofalo|If his presidency is to represent the full power of the idea that black Americans are just like everyone else - fully human and fully capable of intellect, courage and patriotism - then Barack Obama has to be subject to the same rough and tumble of political criticism experienced by his predecessors.
Rebecca Traister|Proclaim human equality as loudly as you like, Witless will serve his brother.
Shelby Foote|When I started to learn how to read, I discovered the same kind of power. I could create an environment that I didn't have, and I could order this environment in the way that I couldn't in my actual life. Then, when I learned to write, I learned that I could do this not only for myself, but for other people. I could create whole things that were believable, at least to myself, at that point. And in this way, I began to wield an authority and a power that I had not had before. In other words, every child goes through this. Some pick football and some pick the library. I picked the library.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|I find it hard to understand the mind of the true atheist, who believes that life is nothing more than a series of electrical impulses and biochemical reactions to chemical stimuli. Presumably, such thinkers see death as the worst thing that can occur, because it means the end of everything. Therefore (logically), maintaining the continuance of physical existence, under any circumstances, is entirely justifiable.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|A man's value to the community depends primarily on how far his feelings, thoughts, and actions are directed towards promoting the good of his fellows.
Sendhil Mullainathan|A lot of psychological principles and even medical principles, you see them coming around to what the Bible said hundreds of years ago: a merry heart is good like a medicine.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|Prayer is not supposed to be all we do - it's just supposed to undergird all we do. Prayer is not supposed to be just the first thing we do, but the first, second, fourth, seventh, and final thing we do in each circumstance.
Daniel Pinchbeck|The times are too difficult and the crisis too severe to indulge in schadenfreude. Looking at it in perspective, the fact that there would be a financial crisis was perfectly predictable: its general nature, if not its magnitude. Markets are always inefficient.
Jeff Shaara, A Blaze of Glory|The best things in life are really freeLove, honor, a noble mind ....And my local library.
|Faith is not something that goes against the evidence, it goes beyond it. The evidence is saying to us, 'There is another country. There is something beyond mere reason'.
Vijender Singh|I'm always on tour, so I'm always trying new tracks out live before they're released. That's more necessity than anything, because I don't get a proper chance to sit in a studio and work on tracks like other producers do.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Once the powers of the mind are concentrated and turned back upon itself, as the darkest places reveal their secrets before the penetrating rays of the sun, so would the concentrated mind penetrate its own innermost secrets.
Jenny Valentine, Me, the Missing, and the Dead|I wonder if all mothers feel like this the moment they realize their daughters are growing up- as if it is impossible to believe that the laundry I once folded for her was doll-sized; as if I can still see her dancing in lazy pirouettes along the lip of the sandbox. Wasn't it yesterday that her hand was only as big as the sand dollar she found on the beach? That same hand, the one that's holding a boy's; wasn't it just holding mine, tugging so that I might stop and see the spiderweb, the milkweed pod, any of a thousand moments she wanted me to freeze? Time is an optical illusion- never quite as solid or strong as we think it is. You would assume that, given everything, I saw this coming. But watching Kate watch this boy, I see I have a thousand things to learn.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|Theirs not to make reply,Theirs not to reason why,Theirs but to do and die.Into the valley of DeathRode the six hundred.
C. JoyBell C.|Magic is only unexplained science. Science is explained magic. When I study science, I study magic. When I study magic, I study science.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reality is not enough for us, that’s why we have invented art to create different realities!
Genevieve Gerard|By opening the door to my life, it is my hope and mission to shed light on the hidden wounds of abuse, to end the stigma and shame associated with abuse, and to show survivors true courage, strength, inspiration, and determination.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing more powerful than this moment your living, now, more powerful than your convictions and truths, spend time with what your heart desires and souls screams for. Life ends a day before we know it, it's so important to chase everything that matters to you.
George MacDonald, Complete Works of George MacDonald|DREAMS are the ones that WAKE you, SHAKE you and make YOU..........................................
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Because learning does not consist only of knowing what we must or we can do, but also of knowing what we could do and perhaps should not do.
Mark Z. Jacobson|To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|But, you see, it's not what you do that matters really. It's only you.""Me what?""Just you here. Or you in the city. Or you somewhere in the world. I don't know. Just that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christianity is not an accretion, it is not something added. It is a new total outlook which is satisfied with nothing less than penetration to the furthest corners of the mind and the understanding.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Democracy is in the blood of the Muslims, who look upon complete equality of mankind, and believe in fraternity, equality, and liberty.
Zack W. Van|Life is a game of common sense. You can know all the data that the encyclopedia holds, but if you can't apply it to social situations and day to day events, you're on the same rank as someone with no data at all.
Bernie Su, The Secret Diary of Lizzie Bennet|Grant me one hour on love’s most sacred shoresTo clasp the bosom that my soul adores,Lie heart to heart and merge my soul with yours.
Alexander McCall Smith|Libraries are, at heart, helpful and kind providers. It is hard for those who perhaps don't feel the need to visit their local libraries to understand what a vital service they provide for communities and individuals who do - and those who do are often the most vulnerable.
Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines|At forty-three, I bought my first house. I’d wanted one like crazy. A house meant family, a happy childhood for my litttle girl and for the little girl self inside me. . . . I was soon overwhelmed by the upkeep and overcome by the yardwork. . . . In the bright light of closing, it was obvious: it was never a house I wanted; it was what a house symbolized to me. (254)
George Orwell|This union has been divided in like a civil war - brother against brother - sister against sister. And I'm pulling it together. We've already seen evidence of that in New York, in Pennsylvania, in California. The first thing is we have to get on the same page. We have to be united in one cause.
Tom Holland|Very often I've known people who wouldn't say a word to each other, but they'd go to see movies together and experience life that way.
Jason Aldean|Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
Booker T. Washington, Up From Slavery: An Autobiography|I have observed this in my experience of slavery, - that whenever my condition was improved, instead of its increasing my contentment, it only increased my desire to be free, and set me to thinking of plans to gain my freedom. I have found that, to make a contented slave, it is necessary to make a thoughtless one. It is necessary to darken his moral and mental vision, and, as far as possible, to annihilate the power of reason. He must be able to detect no inconsistencies in slavery; he must be made to feel that slavery is right; and he can be brought to that only when he ceased to be a man.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|My hate is stronger than the dimensions, stronger than memory, stronger than time. My hate is now the truest part of who I am.
Fernando Alonso|Just remember, you are not alone, in fact you are in a very common place with millions of others. We need to help each other and keep striving to reach our goals.
Guy Kawasaki, The Art of the Start: The Time-Tested, Battle-Hardened Guide for Anyone Starting Anything|I personally feel that I could not go out and plant the million trees, but I could go out and tell people to tell 10 people each, ‘Okay, all of us are going to go out and plant 10 trees,’ and you, eventually, plant a million trees.
Samantha Young, Blood Will Tell|I want to be able to see stuff," Iggy said. "Like I used to, when I was little. And I want to be able to totally kick Jeb's butt.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|He blamed television, movies, and books for his love of ghosts. It was a fascination that’s been with him since his youth. He always loved watching or reading anything that had to do with ghosts and haunted locations, especially historic sites like New Orleans, Salem, Tombstone, Gettysburg, and Old San Juan.
Pete McCarthy, McCarthy's Bar: A Journey of Discovery In Ireland|We had found nothing, and had been lost several times already in one morning, so this was shaping up into a top travel experience.
Thomas Narofsky, F(X) Leadership Unleashed!|We need leaders who can meet and adapt to new challenges, build strategic partnerships, build and sustain human capital organizations, and have the courage to act and react to the challenges
Kevin Bacon|Any marriage is hard work. But what I always say is, "Keep the fights clean and the sex dirty.
L.M. Montgomery|I ought to grow up successfully, and I'm sure it will be my own fault if I don't. I feel it's a great responsibility because I have only one chance. If I don't grow up right I can't go back and begin over again.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|In your anger, zip your lips!
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|Nostalgia, she knew, has the power to make you smile and also to make you cry.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|A glass poured to air for the one who sits with us unseen; the patron and protector, the Crooked Warden, the Father of Necessary Pretexts. Thanks for deep pockets poorly guarded. Thanks for watchmen asleep at their posts. Thanks for the city to nurture us and the night to hide us. Thanks for friends to help us spend the loot.
Davis Bunn, The Solitary Envoy|Give a man a noble cause and he would fight to the death for what he believed in,but get the woman he loves to leave him and his once honourable principles would cease to be quite so important.
Rashmit Kalra|Action is the only truth. Truth is the only reality. Rest is all thought - philosophy, fantasy or imagination. But, universe is not a thought. Universe is action. How does it matter what the world, society or I think what I am meant to do or what I am born to do? The truth is what I am doing and that's what makes the difference to the world; thats the only reality and that's what reflects the self that I am.
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|If an object - a star, for instance, like our own sun - is eight hundred light years away from the Earth, it would take light leaving that object eight hundred years until it reached our eyes. So when you look at that object, you are seeing it as it appeared eight hundred light years ago, not as it looks today. It might not even exist anymore. Every time you look up at the stars, you are looking into the past.
Max Frisch|You can put anything into words, except your own life
Douglas B. Reeves, Leading Change in Your School: How to Conquer Myths, Build Commitment, and Get Results|Lawrence is the supreme poet of Eros. No recriminations, no reproaches, no guilt, no 'morality'. For what's 'morality' but a leash around the neck? A noose? What's 'morality' but what other people want you to do, for their own, selfish, unstated purposes?
Luigina Sgarro|Truth be told, are you ready to defend yourself?
John Trumbull|In football, I don't have a lot of friends. The people who I really trust, there are not many... Most of the time, I'm alone.
Jamsetji Tata|With honest and straightforward business principles, close and careful attention to details, and the ability to take advantage of favourable opportunities and circumstances, there is a scope for success.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|A man who is not a father to his children can never be a real man,
Santosh Kalwar|Each one of us comes out of our mother's body crying, with or without exceptions. But we are not aware of it. Are you? Do you remember that you cried the very first time you come out of your mother's body? If not, then why are you crying now?
Sinead O'Connor|Last period of the day was new gym class. It was her only class that didn't include Evan, which was a relief. She should be functioning at a peak concentration, but he and his luminous eyes kept distracting her. First opprtunity I have, she thought. I'll bite him.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Are you referring to the day you instructed me to ‘follow the white rabbit,’ plied me with absinthe and brownies, and tried to have your way with me? Didn’t take long for you to lose your romantic streak, did it?
Sigmund Freud, Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|Words and magic were in the beginning one and the same thing, and even today words retain much of their magical power.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|The chairs - turned towards one another in groups of twos and threes - seemed like the seats of ghosts in close conversation with one another. There were sets of two chairs - very close to one another - in the far corners of the room, which spoke of recent whispered flirtations, over cold game pie and iced champagne; there were sets of three and four chairs, that recalled pleasant animated discussions over the latest scandals; there were chairs straight up in a row that still looked starchy, critical, acid, like antiquated dowagers; there were a few isolated, single chairs, close to the table, that spoke of gourmands intent on the most recherche dishes, and others overturned on the floor, that spoke volumes on the subject of my Lord Grenville's cellars.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|It had come from one of two corgis who were even now slamming their preposterous bodies into each other not far away, trying to roll each other over, which runs contrary to the laws of mechanics even in the case of corgis that are lean and trim, which these were not.This struggle, which appeared to be only one skirmish in a conflict of epochal standing, had driven all lesser considerations, such as guarding the gate, from the combatants' sphere of attention...
Rod Blagojevich|With my early work I got eviscerated by my male professors, and so you learned to disguise your impulses, as many women have done. And that's definitely changed.
Shannon L. Alder|Arrogance is someone claiming to have come to Christ, but they won't spend more than five minutes listening to your journey because they are more concerned about their own well being, rather than being a true disciple of Christ. Blessed is the person that takes the time to heal and hear another person so they can move on.
Erol Ozan|Help someone, you earn a friend. Help someone too much, you make an enemy.
Gene Luen Yang|France is not poetic; she even feels, in fact, a congenital horror of poetry. Among the writers who use verse, those whom she will always prefer are the most prosaic.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|During the interim, no matter how much agony the man may feel, he also experiences excitement, the excitement of learning how to cope with a closed society that reflects free society as a funhouse mirror reflects the human form: everything is there, but distorted.
Aubrey Rose, Me, Cinderella?|Life would move on with or without me, and I didn’t need to change myself in order to be beautiful, or happy, or worthly of love. I already was.
H.L. Mencken, In Defense Of Women|Civilization, in fact, grows more maudlin and hysterical; especially under democracy it tends to degenerate into a mere combat of crazes; the whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by an endless series of hobgoblins, most of them imaginary. Wars are no longer waged by the will of superior men, capable of judging dispassionately and intelligently the causes behind them and the effects flowing out of them. The are now begun by first throwing a mob into a panic; they are ended only when it has spent its ferine fury.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|I'm going to live to be twenty-five,' she said, 'then die.
Marlene Dietrich|In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
Hugo Black|Civilization is a movement and not a condition, a voyage and not a harbor.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|This isn’t over, Sylvia. I’ll leave you now, but I’m watching. I will not let that bastard hurt you.” I said this just as I reached the door. As she shut the door I heard a strangled whisper, “No, you’re perfectly capable of doing that on your own.
U.G. Krishnamurti|It is fear that makes you believe that you are living and that you will be dead.What we do not want is the fear to come to an end. That is why we have invented all these new minds, new sciences,new talks, therapies, choiceless awareness and various other gimmicks.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|She was broken. She was useless. She was the pointless half of a friendship. The one who would live forever in shadows, no matter what she did. No matter whom she fought.
Scarlett Johansson|In history as in human life, regret does not bring back a lost moment and a thousand years will not recover something lost in a single hour.
Katie Kacvinsky, Middle Ground|You're saying,' he said, weighing each word, 'that we should send Carrot away to be a duck among humans because Bjorn Stronginthearm is my uncle.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you see injustice among the nations, you will find out that the root cause is covetousness.
Joe Jordan, Sharpen Your Life: 52 Strategic Moments to Create a Lifetime of Success|One of the greatest ways you can affirm value in another person is by giving them the gift of your undivided attention, the kind of attention that says, “I hear what you are saying because I value who you are.” You don’t have to agree with someone to show them their value as a person. Listening demonstrates that any person you meet is worthy of your respect and attention.
L. Neil Smith|In God, the characteristics of men and women that we admire in men and women are combined. That's been a traditional Catholic teaching that God is the combination of opposites.
Lee Marvin|Because I am committed to the truth of Scripture, I must try to understand what Scripture says, even if it transcends my own experience.
Bill Willingham|One day, you will be old enough to start reading fairytales again.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|...compulsive eating is basically a refusal to be fully alive. No matter what we weigh, those of us who are compulsive eaters have anorexia of the soul. We refuse to take in what sustains us. We live lives of deprivation. And when we can't stand it any longer, we binge. The way we are able to accomplish all of this is by the simple act of bolting -- of leaving ourselves -- hundreds of times a day.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Men....do you have a plan for your business? Tell your wife, be honest. If you lock her out of your plan, she will become malfunction.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|It's a very remarkable story.""Remarkable's a well-chosen word. It doesn't give you away.
Ella Fox, Picture Perfect|Never loved the taste of someone before baby, but with you, I would willingly drown in it.  I’m going to devour you Tessa, from the inside out, and you’re going to come so many times that you’ll forget there even was anyone before.  Focus on us babe.  You and me together is all that will ever matter.
John Frusciante|As entrepreneurs, we often get pressured into hiring an industry executive. While it's good to hire people with experience, it can also be a stumbling block because they think about the business the same way everyone else does.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|I disagree with the adage, “The road to hell is paved with good intentions.” Good intentions are powerful mindsets which will drive your actions to accomplish the results you want. Setting good intentions sets you up for success by providing you with a vision and a plan to “get ‘er done” and make it happen!
Tonny K. Brown|I pray, before I die, that I receive the power to believe in fairytales again, Oh' how I would love to laugh and know that God laughed with me.
R.N. Prasher|Putting some 'gray in play,' as Chad referred to it, always helped. HE said the act of rationalizing the pros and cons helped to cloud the issues enough to avoid a moral quandary. It allowed us to believe the ends justified the means. Seeing gray helped to remove the black-and-white, right and wrong ethical choices.. . Had I become so jaded in my life that I had actually forgotten the difference between right and wrong? Or had I simply tried to ignore the difference so I could sleep at least two or three hours a night?
Beth Turner|Sometimes the darkness finds us, that will always be inevitable. If one chooses to manifest such feelings creatively, then it really isn't darkness at all.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|I am old enough to enjoy a bit of nostalgia, but wise enough to know that there haven't been any "good ol' days" since Eden (the garden, not the prime minister).
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|She thought she was independent and strong, but she got one small taste of love and she was hungrier than anyone. She was ravenous.
Jennifer Kacey, Final Surrender|Charlie followed where they were looking and stopped dead in her tracks. Other people walked around her, grumbling and grouchy. She was bumped several times and none of it mattered. Because past the row of seats in the center aisle, right there at her gate, stood Cole, holding a sign with a rainbow on it that said “Charlie”.His handsome face sported a charming smile, which made her laugh and start crying like a total girl.
Nick Cave|Women in most countries have not achieved much, because they can't be liberated under the patriarchal, capitalist, imperialist and military system that determines the way we live now, and which is governed by power, not justice, by false democracy, not real freedom.
Michaela Haze, The Bleeders|Tragedy and comedy involve an audience, so they must give--sharing themselves to elicit tears and laughter. Melodrama is not such a strategist. It meets no one's expectation but its internal need to feel.
Marcus Aurelius|From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
Cees Nooteboom|Language is something you inherit, it's never just you doing the talking, which helps when you're pretending.
James McAvoy|I never liked apples. In fact, when I was a little girl, my mom wanted to give me apples in my lunch box and I would ask for green peppers. So bizarre... It's funny - I don't have an apple a day, but I can say that I have a few a week.
Billy Beane|Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Anonymous|1 have always in my own thought summed up individual liberty  and business liberty  and every other kind of liberty  in the phrase that is common in the sporting world  "A free field and no favor."
Debasish Mridha|In the end, we always regret the life we failed to live.
Philippe Petit|New York. The world's most dramatic city. Like a permanent short circuit, sputtering and sparking up into the night sky all night long. No place like it for living. And probably no place like it for dying.("New York Blues")
Idries Shah, Knowing How to Know: A Practical Philosophy in the Sufi Tradition|There is something in man which can detect real love. We rub it out, or muffle it, by substitute-love.
Sylvia Engdahl, Enchantress from the Stars|I know little of magic, Lady,' he said haltingly. 'I am but a woodcutter's son, and there is much that is not given to men to understand; but of this I am sure: there is more to things than we imagine. Beyond the stars are worlds without number, perhaps, and had I never sought to look beyond my own I should be the poorer for it.
Auliq Ice|Where there is a risk, there is a wealth.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|...the universe is energy. All of it. Everything is energy that can be altered simply by willing it to be altered. It's as if we are God's waking dream, each gifted with a small piece of his consciousness; the beauty of that arrangement is that we create the dream for him. If you can understand that, if you can wrap your mind around it, then you can conjure up anything you want from out of the ether. Provided there is material enough to do it.
Jaymin Eve, Trickery|She was smart like that, and lucky like that, and people loved the hell out of her. They didn’t love the hell out of me; they ran the hell away from me. It wasn’t like I was a bad person or anything, I just … had a lot of accidents. I didn’t mean accidents like I ate glue and then peed myself on a regular basis. I just tripped more than usual, and accidently set things on fire more than what would be considered ‘normal’. I got kicked out of the village school only one moon-cycle before graduation for accidently making one of the teachers bald. How do you accidently make someone bald? That’s a good question. All you really need is a bucket of warm tar to accidently toss onto the back of their head. How do you get a bucket of warm tar? You don’t go looking for it or anything—or at least I didn’t. It was just sitting on the road outside the school and I thought I should carry it inside to ask what it was.
Martin Feldstein|To finance this trade deficit, the U.S. has to borrow from the rest of the world or sell American assets like stocks, businesses, and real estate to the rest of the world.
Lisa Kleypas, Suddenly You|A poor man needs the escape far more than a wealthy man does.""Escape," Amanda repeated, having never heard a book described in such a way."Yes, something to transport your mind from where and who and what you are. Everyone needs that. A time or two in my past, it seemed that a book was the only thing that stood between me and near insanity. I-"He stopped suddenly, and Amanda realized that he had not meant to make such a confession. The room became uncomfortably quiet, with only the jaunty snap of the fire to intrude on the silence. Amanda felt as if the air were throbbing with some unexpressed emotion. She wanted to tell him that she understood exactly what he meant, that she, too, had experienced the utter deliverance that words on a page could provide. There had been times of desolation in her own life, and books had been her only pleasure.
Olawale Robyns|First step is to read and write but the major Education start when we are able to translate and tranform on everything we reads, get contact and spoken of.
Natalie Jeremijenko|God created the universe in such a manner that all in common might derive their food from it, and that the Earth should also be a property common to all.
Walter Bagehot|Life is a compromise of what your ego wants to do, what experience tells you to do, and what your nerves let you do.
Virchand Gandhi, The Monist|All religions worthy of the name are now making great efforts to purify their doctrines and return to their original standpoint, — all except Christianity! You surely know that the nineteenth century Christianity is not the religion taught by Christ. Christ's religion has been changed and corrupted. But Christian clergymen are well aware that if they were to attempt to purify Christianity and bring it back to the religion of Christ, the result would be to reform it out of existence. Christianity stands to-day completely explained. Every step in its development is laid bare and shown to be due to purely natural causes, and it is easy to see how much Christianity adopted from other and older religions.
Audre Lorde|For we have been socialized to respect fear more than our own needs for language and definition, and while we wait in silence for that final luxury of fearlessness, the weight of that silence will choke us.
Anne Tyler, The Amateur Marriage|It wasn't what you said", he told her."It was how I felt when you said it".
Gautama Buddha|It is better to travel, than to arrive
Jim Jeffords|Your future takes precedence over your past. Focus on your future, rather than on the past.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|If you don’t want anyone to misunderstand you, go into yourself and thoroughly investigate and understand yourself. No one will ever misunderstand you ever again.
Rebecca James, Beautiful Malice|If there is anything that can bind the mind of man to this dreary exile of our earthly home and can reconcile us with our fate so that one can enjoy living,—then it is verily the enjoyment of the mathematical sciences and astronomy.
Friedrich Schiller, Wilhelm Tell|You get to be about eleven or twelve and everything's old hat. They've drummed the miraculous out of you, but you don't want it to be like that. You want the miraculous. You want everything to still be new.
James A. Michener, Return to Paradise|The South Pacific is not a paradise, in the sense that Eden wasn't either. There are always apples and snakes. But it is a wonderful place to live. The green vales of Tahiti, the hills of Guadalcanal, the towering peaks about Wau, and the noonday brilliance of Rabaul have enchanted many white travelers who have stayed on for many years and built happy lives. Often on a cool night when the beer was plentiful and the stories alluring, we have envied the men and women of the South Pacific
The Weeknd|Some men say that they should be satisfied with the abolition of untouchability only, leaving the caste system alone. The aim of abolition of untouchability alone without trying to abolish the inequalities inherent in the caste system is a rather low aim.
Solange nicole|Today's society is wanting in such a way that Honor, Integrity, Trust, Compassion, Empathy are left for the homeless and their pets.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Forgiveness is not about forgetting, Mack. It is about letting go of another person's throat.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|A long time ago, there was a little girl called Mary. Now Mary, she was warned several times not to go to her neighbor’s house. Her neighbor was a grandmother. But Mary hardly listened, so she snuck off one night to spy on her. She tried the front door first, and it creaked open. Then suddenly, she heard a squeaking noise upstairs. She followed it – climbed up the wooden stairs where half of it was already rotten. She heard the squeaking noise again. It was coming from the library. She opened the door and hid behind a couch. She peered out, and she saw the grandmother.” Dave paused to drain his cup of coffee before continuing. My heart thudded so loudly, I thought that everyone could hear it. “So Mary gasped in disbelief as she heard the squeaking noise again, and the grandmother’s rocking chair was not moving at all. Then the grandmother opened her eyes and looked directly at her, holding her gaze steadily and sharply, and then suddenly, BOO!
John Henry Newman|God knows what is my greatest happiness, but I do not. There is no rule about what is happy and good; what suits one would not suit another. And the ways by which perfection is reached vary very much; the medicines necessary for our souls are very different from each other. Thus God leads us by strange ways; we know He wills our happiness, but we neither know what our happiness is, nor the way. We are blind; left to ourselves we should take the wrong way; we must leave it to Him.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|The path to success isn't measured in miles, it's measured in inches..
Anne Perry, A Christmas Visitor|Our challenge is to join forces of the old and the new- experience and experiment, history and destiny, the world of man and the new world of science- but always in accordance with the never-changing word of God.
John Francis|I do so much music that it's like a fog, and I can't even remember all of it.
Art Alexakis|I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, and see a better world all different and new.I want to live where there are no shadows, of all those stupid things we both know that we used to do.I want to walk inside a Van Gogh sun, I want to see the world exactly like you do.I want to live where the past doesn’t matter, Whatever it takes I will never give up on you.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Making money and being prosperous is a wonderful place to be, but not at the expense of your ethics, integrity, and reputation. It is simply not worth it. It nixes any chance of creating trusted working relationships.
Bernard of Clairvoux|Ingratitude is the soul's enemy... Ingratitude is a burning wind that dries up the source of love, the dew of mercy, the streams of grace.
Megan Abbott, Die a Little|She wasn't just a B-girl, she was carrying the whole ugly world in her eyes.
Greg Bear, City at the End of Time|She felt a feathery touch on her back and turn to see the man of her pleasures standing with her in the shower. Lost in her own thoughts, he’d managed to sneak in unheard. She looked at him now. His naked body glistened as the water rolled down his broad chest, over the firm and delicious abs and on down to his…On my, what a big boy, she whispered as she reached for him.
Martin Heidegger|Technology gives us the facilities that lessen the barriers of time and distance - the telegraph and cable, the telephone, radio, and the rest.
C. JoyBell C.|Friendship is so important. The goal of a good friendship should be for life! To keep it for life! If you find a friendship, and it gives you a joy inside, a peace, and a freedom; keep that friendship for life. Through it all, you stay together. So many friendships are toxic, but the good ones are really good! I always tell my son this, I always say, a friend is for life!
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|No,’ Nico said. ‘Getting a second life is one thing. Making it a better life, that’s the trick.’ As soon as he said it, Nico realized he could’ve been talking about himself. He decided not to bring that up.
Samuel P Fields|Anti-depressants are just tools, one of many, which we use to try and ease the suffering, numb the pain and disperse the dark clouds in our mind in the hope that maybe, just maybe, a little sunlight will shine through.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace|There's no being out too late in Whileaway, or up too early, or in the wrong part of town, or unescorted. You cannot fall out of the kinship web and become sexual prey for strangers, for there is no prey and there are no strangers -- the web is world-wide. In all of Whileaway there is no one who can keep you from going where you please (though you may risk your life, if that sort of thing appeals to you), no one who will follow you and try to embarrass you by whispering obscenities in your ear, no one who will attempt to rape you, no one who will warn you of the dangers of the street, no one who will stand on street corners, hot-eyed and vicious, jingling loose change in his pants pocket, bitterly bitterly sure that you're a cheap floozy, hot and wild, who likes it, who can't say no, who's making a mint off it, who inspires him with nothing but disgust, and who wants to drive him crazy.
Sarah Winman|Very softly as he nuzzled her, his mouth near her ear, he began to sing: "I'm so happy with you, la, la...
Donna Lynn Hope|I don't have the time or the energy to hate," says Shara. "I only wish to understand. People are what they are.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A hundred years ago, an average teenager knew countless authors, and, a sex position or two. Today, an average teenager knows countless sex positions, and, an author or two.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The most successful critics are always scribbling things in their programs, largely because it gives them an important and industrious air. Also, it is interesting to try to figure out what you've written afterward. Last week, for instance, I made a very helpful note during the second act of a drama called "They Walk Alone." "Lanchstr get face stuck 1 these nights awful if," it seemed to say.
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|She put her hand on her hip. "Where are you going?""To the boat. You called me Lord Bill again. That means we're cool."Cerise slapped her forehead with the heel of her hand and followed him.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|He caught me neat, right on the fucking face and I took one step back and thought, you’re not getting away with that you bastard! I was punching the piss out of him, he kept going down, but I didn’t kick him, he’d had enough. I didn’t put the boot in to a man older than myself. But this confrontation was out of the blue, out of the fucking blue. That’s what I had to face.
Noel DeJesus|The only instance where five purely-negative words had had a highly positive, motivational impact are Winston Churchill's, "Never, Never, Never, Never Give-up.
Lavie Tidhar|A question I have often asked is, ‘What would an inoffensive political cartoon look like?’ What would a respectful cartoon look like? The form requires disrespect and so if we are going to have in the world things like cartoons and satire, we just have to accept it as part of the price of fre
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love costs us much,but we still need it.Wisdom costs us much,but we still seek it.Faith costs us much,but we still practice it.Life costs us much,but we still desire it.
Frank Wynne, I Was Vermeer: The Rise and Fall of the Twentieth Century's Greatest Forger|Oh say can you see Alma. The darlingof Them. All her friends were artists.They alone have memories. They alonelove flowers. They alone give partiesand die. Poor Alma. They alone.She died,and it was as if all the jewels in the worldhad heaved a sigh. The seismographat Fordham university registered, for once,a spiritual note. How like a sliverin her own short fat muscular foot.She loved the Western World, thoughthere are some who say she isn't really dead.
Rachel Hill, A Girl's Guide to Guys: Meeting Them, Managing Them and All That Love Stuff|Yes, boys are a little like shoes. Why? Well...They can be useful. But mainly...They are nice to look at. Getting the right one can be a lovely accessory to an outfit. There are times when you couldn't do without them. And there are times when you'd rather do without them. Get the wrong ones and they can hurt. There are many types and often the ones that look the nicest are completely unpractical.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|It will all work out, Inas. You come from a long line of survivors and strong women. So everything will be fine in the end. And we are always with you in spirit, to guide you and love you.
Randy  Siegel, Break Up, Wake Up, Move On: From Broken Heart to Open Heart; Prepare for the Partner You've Always Longed For|Yes, we will get hurt. Our hearts will break, and if we are lucky they will break open. When they do, we can begin to experience ourselves, relationships—indeed all of life—in a deeper, richer, and more meaningful way.
Wendy Walker, All Is Not Forgotten|Sitting on my bed with all these things I used to love but not loving them anymore, I just wanted to set them on fire. That's when I knew I was never going to be all right again.
Darlene Ouimet, Emerging from Broken: The Beginning of Hope for Emotional Healing|That's the worst of growing up, and I'm beginning to realize it. The things you wanted so much when you were a child don't seem half so wonderful to you when you get them
Val McDermid|Sometimes I think it is because we remember when we could smoke in pubs, and that we pull our phones out together as once we pulled out our cigarette packets. But probably it’s because we are easily bored.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|A man is likely as a woman to be intelligent, innovative and creative. We have evolved. But our ideas of gender have not evolved very much.
Ali A. Rizvi, The Atheist Muslim: A Journey from Religion to Reason|Civil order mattered.	Zoe didn’t know why Farah continued to wear the headscarf, but most Middle-Eastern women wore modest clothing to anchor themselves to a moral order, in an upside-down world.	Zoe wore the chador as a protective shell, to erase herself, to avoid thinking, to envelop herself in the complete custody of her adopted Muslim sisters. In their care she would come out healed, able to process the bigotry that caused the murder of her Jewish parents. Then, when she was whole again, she would reclaim her place in the world.	Though others couldn’t see it, behind the nameless, shapeless, Middle-Eastern garb, she was healing. The chador cocooned and nurtured her. Dour exteriors meant blossoming interiors . . . to Zoe. Judaism centered her, but Islam shielded her. Both served their purpose . . . for now.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|During the long process of history, by relying on our own diligence, courage and wisdom, Chinese people have opened up a good and beautiful home where all ethnic groups live in harmony and fostered an excellent culture that never fades.
Savannah Stuart, Dangerous Craving|If he wouldn't take charge of this, she would. "Take off your clothes.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|Our path, our sense of spirituality demands great earnestness, dedication, sincerity & continuity.
Criss Jami|As cliché as it might sound, I'd rather lose than win by cheating. The latter is a much deeper, more personal loss in that one is admittedly whispering to himself his lack of competence. His cheating then begets more cheating, as he is ever-privately, ever-subconsciously insulting himself; thus, gradually deteriorating any remaining confidence.
Wayne W. Dyer, Inspiration: Your Ultimate Calling|We're all stuck between the realm of our desires, their possibilities and the realities of life.
Margaret Atwood|And yet the idea that women are human beings remains news, a message that requires constant, clear, and artful reinforcement in a world that continues to undermine the confidence and abilities of girls and women. On the day that the intelligence and talents of women are fully honored and employed, the human community and planet itself will benefit in ways we can only begin to imagine.
Neil Jordan, Mistaken|You can't make the right decision, but you can always make the dicision right.
Buzz Aldrin|I am a geek dad, believe me. I've got my iPad with me; I've got my iPhone 4; I've got my Xbox. I love technology and I want to feel like I'm living in the future, and these devices help me feel that way.
H.P. Lovecraft|Contrary to what you may assume, I am not a pessimist but an indifferentist- that is, I don't make the mistake of thinking that the... cosmos... gives a damn one way or the other about the especial wants and ultimate welfare of mosquitoes, rats, lice, dogs, men, horses, pterodactyls, trees, fungi, dodos, or other forms of biological energy.
Sean Quinn|Even when I was a kid, I had a good thing with kids. To this day, if I go to a birthday party with one of my kids, I swear to you, I am so much happier hanging out with my kids and their friends than talking to the grown-ups.
Myles Munroe|They say politics is a contact sport, and I have to agree with that.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|Music made her feel as if she were holding a lamp that cast a halo of light around her, and while she knew there were people and responsibilities in the darkness beyond it, she couldn't see them. The flame of what she felt when she played made her deliciously blind.
Mensah Oteh|Your true potential is unlimited, and you can certainly achieve much more than human intelligence can comprehend.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|Rose, this is Sebby," she said. "Sebby, Rose.""Oh yeah. Sebastian, right?" Rose said. "I've hard about you.""Only terrible things, I hope.""The worst.
Tim Kaine|If you see how carefully I prepare for any kind of walk, legal or illegal, small or big, you will see that, actually, I narrow the unknown to virtually nothing. And that's when I am ready to walk on the wire.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|She'll kill me if she finds you in here. Can you climb trees? Tell me you can climb a tree!"Patch grinned, "I can fly.
Thomas Merton|When you expect the world to end at any moment, you know there is no need to hurry. You take your time, you do your work well.
Carla Harris, Expect to Win: Proven Strategies for Success from a Wall Street Vet|The goal is to create a “chit,” or IOU, so that, assuming you continue to perform well, the organization feels like it owes you the next time.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Being a mercenary, though... Hey, we just go wherever there's a mixture of money and trouble, and everyone in the galaxy is a potential customer.Even the people you're paid to shoot at?Well, yeah. There are customers we serve, and customers we service.-Captain Kevyn Andreyasn & General Tagon
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|The marine corps teaches you how to be miserable. This is invaluable for an artist. Marines love to be miserable. Marines derive a perverse satisfaction in having colder chow, crappier equipment, and higher casualty rates than any outfit of dogfaces, swabjockies, or flyboys, all of whom they despise. Why? Because those candyasses don't know how to be miserable. The artist committing himself to his calling has to be miserable. The artist committing himself to his calling has volunteered for hell, whether he knows it or not, he will be dining for the duration on a diet of isolation, rejection, self-doubt, despair, ridicule, contempt, and humiliation. The artist must be like that marine: he has to know how to be miserable. He has to love being miserable. He has to take pride in being more miserable than any soldier, or swabbie, or desk jockey, because this is war, baby, and war is hell.
Ron Brackin|If sex is a skill, with its attendant expectations, frustrations, and failures, you are graded on performance; if it is an expression of love and commitment, you are not graded at all.
Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won|Love songs or poetry?Ambrose: Love songs–you get the best of both, poetry set to music.And you can't dance to poetry.
Gerald Durrell, My Family and Other Animals|It's all your fault, Mother,' said Larry austerely; 'you shouldn't have brought us up to be so selfish.' 'I like that!' exclaimed Mother. 'I never did anything of the sort!' 'Well, we didn't get as selfish as this without some guidance,' said Larry.
James Robertson, The Testament of Gideon Mack|Sucked in and turned around by the blades, the night at first flows smoothly, but then it starts to take on a denser consistency. Already the night was nearly halfway through its course, so a good portion of it had hardened. Because of this, as I walked through it, it gave me none of the easy, buoyant feeling you get in the early-evening hours. Something about it seemed creaky. But that was, in its own way, typical of the night too.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Des Menschen Kraft, im Dichter offenbartThe human power is revealed by poetIl potere dell'umanità si rivela nel poeta
Virginia Alison|Basically, writers write because they have something to say...Everyone has a story in them, writers merely decide to share it with the world...
James Caskey, The Haunted History of New Orleans: Ghosts of the French Quarter|I'm not into werewolves, but holy crap is he a hottie. Totally gorgeous and built like a tank. I bet he's got one down to his---
Reinhold Niebuhr|Religion is so frequently a source of confusion in political life, and so frequently dangerous to democracy, precisely because it introduces absolutes into the realm of relative values.
Suzy Bogguss|I also like to garden. I grow things, vegetables, flowers... I particularly like orchids. I raise orchids.
Amy Goodman|I really do think that if for one week in the United States we saw the true face of war, we saw people's limbs sheared off, we saw kids blown apart, for one week, war would be eradicated. Instead, what we see in the U.S. media is the video war game. 
Robert Henri|Pretend you are dancing or singing a picture. A worker or painter should enjoy his work, else the observer will not enjoy it.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|We had no compunction toward our enemies [the ants] and took to increasingly desperate and violent means of dealing with them. If we noticed they'd laid siege to a snack, we might trap them in a circle drawn with water and take away whatever they were eating, then watch them scurry about in confusion before wiping them off the floor with a wet cloth. I took pleasure in seeing them shrivel into black points when burning coals were rolled over them. When they attacked an unwashed pan or cup they'd soon be mercilessly drowned. I suppose initially each of us did these things only when we were alone, but in time, we began to be openly cruel. We came around to Amma's view of them as demons come to swallow our home and became a family that took pleasure in their destruction. We might have changed houses since, but habits are harder to change.
Steve Maraboli|With my lost saints - I love thee with the breath, smiles, tears, of all my life! - and if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|He'd do what he always did, find the sweet among the bitter.
Criss Jami, Healology|Like all great things which then become fashions, science, as now the universal stamp of approval, probably receives more abuse than any other field of study. Glaze the word itself over whatever vague ideology one may presume ratified, no matter the degree of pseudo-science or lack of scholarly credibility packaged within, and the many will consume it like gravy on a feast. My thought for the time is that as the promise of true science increases, so shall rise its many more superficial counterparts as provided by the agenda-bound trendies and hyper-ambitious laypersons to boot.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|That's the thing about fiction, that you live in it totally for a little while, but you must forget it, sometimes totally forget it, in order to go about the rest of your day.
Mitt Romney|Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love; it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
Bertrand Russell, The Philosophy of Logical Atomism|My desire and wish is that the things I start with should be so obvious that you wonder why I spend my time stating them. This is what I aim at because the point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
Gretchen McNeil, Possess|She felt like a baton getting passed along in a relay race, completely devoid of any control over her destiny.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|My daughter breaks both her wrists jumping off of a swing. Her friend, who is five, told her to jump off of it. I promise nothing will happen, she said. But why did she promise that? she wails later at the hospital.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|Stop there, Breathe.For a while you need to leave, live.Stop pushing your face into that photo calledpast, stuck in the photo frame of time. Stopscratching your heart, give the wound time toheal. For i know, when the photo frame fallsdown, the broken pieces of glass fall apart,just like memories. But no, you want to keepit to the chest, close to your heart. You knowyou shouldn't but you're too coward to let go.It keep sucking your heart, into a black holeof muddy memories. Making you a darkshattered soul, incapable of finding solace.So stop. For a while let's just live. Let's justbreathe. Let's just love ourselves, for it's youwho need it the most.
Darmie O-Lujon|Galleries are frightening places, places of evaluation, of judgement.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Life and death appeared to me ideal bounds, which I should first break through, and pour a torrent of light into our dark world.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Recalibration comes from experiencing Nothingness, being open to emptiness as the ultimate reality and our nature. It is the purest mind, the Energy-Consciousness itself.
Wen Jiabao|You have an impeccable argument if you said that Singapore, Hong Kong, and Tokyo are food capitals. They have a maximum amount of great stuff to eat in the smallest areas.
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|Immortality: A toy which people cry for, And on their knees apply for, Dispute, contend and lie for, And if allowed Would be right proud Eternally to die for.
Alva Myrdal|I go gladly to my wife and boy, and I leave this world at peace with every one in it and at peace with God.
Jacques Yves Cousteau|But groundless hope, like unconditional love, is the only kind worth having.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|She could see now that some of the grime that covered him was blood. He looked to be six or seven years old. His ribs were showing and his belly sunk in towards his spine, leaving a hollow above his hips.
Anonymous|"You are accepted!" ... accepted by that which is greater than you and the name of which you do not know. Do not ask the name now  perhaps you will know it later. Do not try to do anything  perhaps later you will do much. Do not seek for anything  do not perform anything  do not intend anything. Simply accept the fact that you are accepted.
Caroline Fyffe, Under a Falling Star|Susanna, I'm not exactly sure how to begin. Where to start. I know I was in the wrong by not telling you sooner, but I was in an incredibly tight spot."	She crooked her brow.	"I'm still in an incredibly tight spot?"	She nodded.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Because, wherever your heart is, that is where you´ll find your treasure
Anthony Liccione|There is a species of primate in South America more gregarious than most other mammals, with a curious behavior.The members of this species often gather in groups, large and small, and in the course of their mutual chattering , under a wide variety of circumstances, they are induced to engage in bouts of involuntary, convulsive respiration, a sort of loud, helpless, mutually reinforcing group panting that sometimes is so severe as to incapacitate them. Far from being aversive,however, these attacks seem to be sought out by most members of the species, some of whom even appear to be addicted to them....the species in Homo sapiens (which does indeed inhabit South America, among other places), and the behavior is laughter.
Julie Kavanagh, The Girl Who Loved Camellias: The Life and Legend of Marie Duplessis|She replaced her wardrobe with marvels of the season bought from boutiques of the Palais-Royal and rue de la Chaussee-d'Antin. Outfits for a ball detailed in the fashion pages of the January 1839 edition of Paris Elegant describe dresses of pale pink crépe garnished with lace and velvet roses and accessorized with white gloves, silk stockings, and white cashmere or taffeta shawls. In the spring of that year, misty tulle bonnets came into fashion worn with capes of Alencon lace - “little masterpieces of lightness and freshness.“Her bed was her stage, raised on a platform and curtained with sumptuous pink silk drapes. The adjoining cabinet de toilette was also a courtesan’s natural habitat, its dressing table a jumble of lace, bows, ribbons, embossed vases, crystal bottles of scents and lotions, brushes and combs of ivory and silver.She indulged her sweet tooth with cakes from Rollet the patissier, glaceed fruit from Boissier, and on one occasion sent for twelve biscuits, macaroons, and maraschino liqueur.
Ben Carson|The Government's supposed to be there for people when nobody else is, right? But it never works like that.
Israelmore Ayivor|Love yourself as you love your neighbour. If you love your neighbour with a heavy heart, love yourself too with a heavy heart.
Debasish Mridha|I may not want your help, but I always want you beside me.
Becca Lee, A Perfect Moment|That first kiss, it still has a way of making us nervous as teenagers, no matter how old we get.
Paulo Freire|My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more educated and more intelligent than college professors.
Philip Larkin|The Old FoolsWhat do they think has happened, the old fools,To make them like this ? Do they somehow supposeIt's more grown-up when your mouth hangs open and droolsAnd you keep on pissing yourself, and can't rememberWho called this morning ? Or that, if they only chose,They could alter things back to when they danced all night,Or went to their wedding, or sloped arms some September ?Or do they fancy there's really been no change, And they've always behaved as if they were crippled or tight,Or sat through days of thin continuous dreamingWatching light move ? If they don't (and they can't), it's strange:Why aren't they screaming ?At death, you break up: the bits that were youStart speeding away from each other for everWith no one to see. It's only oblivion, true: We had it before, but then it was going to end,And was all the time merging with a unique endeavourTo bring to bloom the million-petalled flowerOf being here. Next time you can't pretendThere'll be anything else. And these are the first signs:Not knowing how, not hearing who, the powerOf choosing gone. Their looks show that they're for it:Ash hair, toad hands, prune face dried into lines-How can they ignore it ?Perhaps being old is having lighted roomsInside your head, and people in them, acting.People you know, yet can't quite name; each loomsLike a deep loss restored, from known doors turning, Setting down a Iamp, smiling from a stair, extractingA known book from the shelves; or sometimes onlyThe rooms themselves, chairs and a fire burning,The blown bush at the window, or the sun' sFaint friendliness on the wall some lonelyRain-ceased midsummer evening. That is where they live:Not here and now, but where all happened once.This is why they giveAn air of baffled absence, trying to be thereYet being here. For the rooms grow farther, leavingIncompetent cold, the constant wear and tearOf taken breath, and them crouching belowExtinction' s alp, the old fools, never perceivingHow near it is. This must be what keeps them quiet.The peak that stays in view wherever we goFor them is rising ground. Can they never tellWhat is dragging them back, and how it will end ? Not at night?Not when the strangers come ? Never, throughoutThe whole hideous inverted childhood? Well,We shall find out.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|...still, I’m lucky: I feast on solitude, I will never miss the crowd. I could read the great books but the great books don’t interest me. I sit in bed and wait for the whole thing to go one way or the other. just like everybody else.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|Melody is the essence of music. I compare a good melodist to a fine racer, and counterpointists to hack post-horses; therefore be advised, let well alone and remember the old Italian proverb: Chi sa più, meno sa—Who knows most, knows least.
Marc Jacobs|Innovation is an evolutionary process, so it's not necessary to be radical all the time.
Hamza Yusuf|For us (Muslims) death is an incident: for them (the Europeans), the end.
Walter Lewin|...things are the way they are in our universe because if they weren't, we wouldn't be here to notice.
Heinrich Heine|She opened her sketchbook, carefully tore out several pages and handed them to Nasser--three detailed color sketches of three flowers. Leafing through the pages, he translated the message. A petunia: Your presence soothes me. A peppermint flower: warmth of feeling. And heartsease, the flower he'd given her so many times before.You occupy my thoughts."I've been doing a lot of reading," Lee said quietly, setting her sketchbook aside. "You're not the only one who knows what flowers mean.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|Was I sticking around because I really wanted to be with Austin, or because I was afraid no one else would want to be with me?
I. F. Stone|I'm working on this book on the trial of Socrates. It started out with the idea of the problem of freedom of thought...and expression...I started by spending a year on the English Seventeenth Century Revolutions, and I had a fascinating time. And then I felt I couldn't understand the English Seventeenth Century Revolutions without understanding the Reformation. When I got to the Reformation, I felt that I had to understand the premonitory movements that began in the Middle Ages. When I got there, I felt I had to understand the classical period." (quoted in Andrew Patner, I. F. Stone: A Portrait, p. 21)
Recep Tayyip Erdogan|Originally, Congress provided in 1793 that all foreign coins circulating in the United States be legal tender. Indeed, foreign coins have been estimated to form 80 percent of American domestic specie circulation in 1800.
Theo Engela, African Assignment: A Collection of Short Stories|Joe!” he groaned, attempting to speak clearly. “Joe! Good ol’ Joe!”“Captain, you’re drunk!” Lofflin said, stating the obvious while trying to keep his voice level. Blaine grinned at him lopsidedly and giggled, almost choking. He slapped the table, knocking his empty glass over.“Ye-ss, I am! Don’t ssup-pose you – think I co-uld ssit here an’ calmly wait t’die – dýou? Weee-ll, not ssob-er anyway. Ha ha ha.”Disgust and hopelessness were swelling inside him. He felt like punching that drunken face till it was either sober or unconscious.“Damn it, Captain! We need you – the crew needs you! You’re turning your back on them – in our most desperate time!
Bebe Moore Campbell, Your Blues Ain't Like Mine|In all his imaginings, he had never envisioned her crying. He knew that her son had died, but he'd never expected that her pain might be anything he could recognize, almost as though he believed that Negroes had their own special kind of grieving ritual, another language, something other than tears they used to express their sadness.
William Shakespeare, The Sonnets and Narrative Poems|Like as the waves make towards the pebbled shore,So do our minutes hasten to their end;Each changing place with that which goes before,In sequent toil all forwards do contend.
Saint Vardapet Eghishē|Մահ ոչ իմացեալ՝ մահ է, մահ իմացեալ՝ անմահութիւն է:Death, unanticipated, is death; death, anticipated, is immortality.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|I shall now explain my plan. You may then speak, but only to amend the detail. The broad outline is not subject to negotiation. Are you ready? Good … I propose to have sex with you. I believe it will be excellent sex. Your obedience on one particular issue of timing it will be required to make it unforgettable sex. I will explain that issue as we go. At the moment, I wish to hear your inevitable objection to the general sex part of this plan.
Bernard Cornwell, The Pale Horseman|This isn't just a war over land, it's a war about God. And Alfred...is Christ's servant...
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|How they dance in the courtyard, sweet summer sweat.Some dance to remember, some dance to forget
Shinzo Abe|I'm a vegetarian and very much active in regards to how I feel about animal rights and protecting animals and giving animals a voice. But at the same time, I appreciate and respect other people's decisions to eat meat. The only thing that I hope is that people are educated, that they're aware, that they're living a conscious lifestyle.
Geoff Dyer, Another Great Day at Sea: Life Aboard the USS George H.W. Bush|Some memories are meant for not to be said, either they are too Scary to tell, or we love them that much, that we can’t explain those in oral words.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|Women only cut their hair in times of crisis... It's somethin' a woman always has the power to do, even when she loses control over everything else. Cuttin' hair is a cry for help.
Kyle Chandler|To me, sadness and humor aren't disrelated and humor is the best tool I've had against the sadness in my life.
Kathleen Winter, Annabel|I digged my heart deeper to see who is inside, the more i digged ,the more i lost ME
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The high ground of Christ & Him crucified must be claimed in our preaching. Any other footing is a slippery slope that inevitably descends downward into vain rhetoric and mere words. To the contrary, every pulpit must present a towering vision of the unique person and saving work of Jesus Christ. All preaching must point to His sin-bearing, substitutionary death for sinners. All exposition must lift up this Sacrificial Lamb who became a sin-bearing Substitute for all who believe. Every message must exalt this Christ, who was raised from the dead, exalted to the right hand of God the Father, and entrusted with all authority in heaven and earth.
G.K. Chesterton|If we, who are finite, contingent, created beings, have got God completely figured out, it makes it seem likely that we invented him...If I am ever completely satisfied with my understanding of who God is and how he operates in the world, I am in danger of ceasing to seek Him.
Deborah Mailman|Society needs both parents and nonparents, both the work party and the home party. While raising children is the most important work most people will do, not everyone is cut out for parenthood. And, as many a childless teacher has proved, raising kids is not the only important contribution a person can make to their future.
Mary-Ellen Peters|Pain makes people warriors, you just have to hurt enough!
Henrietta Newton Martin Legal Consultant|Treating Abuse Today 3(4) pp. 26-33TAT: I see the agenda. But let's go back: one of the contentions the therapeutic community has about the Foundation's professed scientific credibility is your use of the term "syndrome." It seems to us that what's happening here is that based solely on anecdotal, unverified reports, the Foundation has started a public relations campaign rather than a bonafide research effort and simply announced to the world that an epidemic of this syndrome exists. The established scientific and clinical organizations are taking you on about this and it's that kind of thing that makes us feel like this effort is not really based on science. Do you have a response to that?Freyd: The response I would make regarding the name of the Foundation is that it will certainly be one of the issues brought up during our scientific meeting this weekend. But let me add that the term, "syndrome," in terms of it being a psychological syndrome, parallels, say, the rape trauma syndrome. Given that and the fact that there are seldom complaints over the use of the term "syndrome" for that, I think that it isn't "syndrome" that's bothering people as much as the term "false."TAT: No. Frankly it's not. It is the term "syndrome." The term false memory is almost 100 years old. It's nothing new, but false memory syndrome is newly coined. Here's our issue with your use of the word "syndrome." The rape trauma syndrome is a good example because it has a very well defined list of signs and symptoms. Having read your literature, we are still at a loss to know what the signs and symptoms of "false memory syndrome" are. Can you tell us succinctly?Freyd: The person with whom I would like to have you discuss that to quote is Dr. Paul McHugh on our advisory board, because he is a clinician.TAT: I would be happy to do that. But if I may, let me take you on a little bit further about this.Freyd: Sure, sure that's fair.TAT: You're the Executive Director of the False Memory Syndrome Foundation - a foundation that says it wants to disseminate scientific information to the community regarding this syndrome but you can't, or won't, give me its signs and symptoms. That is confusing to me. I don't understand why there isn't a list.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Kalahari Typing School for Men|They sang that song which distills all the suffering and the hope of Africa; that song which had inspired and comforted so many, “Nkosi Sikeleli Afrika,” God Bless Africa, give her life, watch over her children.
Eric Schmidt, Jonathan Rosenberg|To feel everything in every way; to be able to think with the emotions and feel with the mind; not to desire much except with the imagination; to suffer with haughtiness; to see clearly so as to write accurately; to know oneself through diplomacy and dissimulation; to become naturalized as a different person, with all the necessary documents; in short, to use all sensations but only on the inside, peeling them all down to God and then wrapping everything up again and putting it back in the shop window like the sales assistant I can see from here with the small tins of a new brand of shoe polish.
Alana Stewart|In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Embee, Tess Embers|I imagine God creating humans was much like cavemen creating fire… First it sparkles brightly, full of life and beauty. But then it grows, stronger and fiercer until it becomes dangerous and uncontrollable… Then its creator can only stand on the hill and wait for his creation to die.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we rest, we shall renewal our strength.
|It's very risky to capture a woman's attention only through your material possessions, because if they happen to vanish, she probably would be gone too. In other words, if the reason why she is with you is not there, she might not see any other reason to hang around.
Elaine Seiler, Multi-Dimensional You: Exploring Energetic Evolution|After we’re feasted down to white sticks and it’s all covered in lions and trees and whatever the monkeys become prod the ground with a toe, staring down with glittering eyes at the guts of a wristwatch. After the bonfires and sun worship and they grow brains and can x-ray the ground. They can figure all this out, file it away. List my name with an asterisk after it, a footnote at the bottom phrasing my presence here in short, dull terminology.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|The realization that my grandmother, mother and I are one in the same awakens something mysterious inside of me. The person I am, someone I believe has more opportunities than my mom and grandmother in matters of work, relationships and love is true, yet I am still acting out old belief patterns. I am no better or smarter than either one of them. Our basic needs and emotions in life are the similar. Our experiences differ, but we are one and the same. This conscious awakening is surreal.
Nikki Rowe|there is a silent beauty hidden amongst pain, if you sit in it you may never find it; if you grow through it, You'll find the treasure.
Tom Hiddleston|Cry, the beloved country, for the unborn child that's the inheritor of our fear. Let him not love the earth too deeply. Let him not laugh too gladly when the water runs through his fingers, nor stand too silent when the setting sun makes red the veld with fire. Let him not be too moved when the birds of his land are singing. Nor give too much of his heart to a mountain or a valley. For fear will rob him if he gives too much.
Jamie Oliver|If you only design menus that are essentially junk or fast food, the whole infrastructure supports junk.
Young Thug|Now and then, when I grow nostalgic about my ocean childhood - the wauling of gulls and the smell of salt, somebody solicitous will bundle me into a car and drive me to the nearest briny horizon.
Jorge Ramos|When a nation is under oppression for too long, it gets used to it and begins to agree with that oppression
Lord Acton|There is no history of mankind, there are only many histories of all kinds of aspects of human life. And one of these is the history of political power. This is elevated into the history of the world.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|Be nice to people on the way up. Not because you might meet them on the way back down, but.. because what's the point in going through life being a c**t to everyone
Henry Selick|Try and leave this world a little better than you found it, and when your turn comes to die, you can die happy in feeling that at any rate, you have not wasted your time but have done your best.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|…he’d assumed their relationship would go on forever. It was going on now, but in another way, like the rearrangement of the stars, which were all still in the sky, just burning in unexpected places.
Deepak Chopra|In my experience, poor people are the world's greatest entrepreneurs. Every day, they must innovate in order to survive. They remain poor because they do not have the opportunities to turn their creativity into sustainable income.
Debasish Mridha|When you focus and accept the current moment with love, faith, and joyfulness, you are practicing mindfulness. That is better than controlling the universe.
Anselm of Canterbury, Cur Deus homo: to which is added a selection from his letters|And what we say - that what He willeth is right and what He doth not not will is wrong, is not so to be understood, as if, should God will something inconsistent, it would be right because He willed it. For it does not follow that if God would lie it would be right to lie, but rather that he were not God.
Jackie Kennedy|Let America first praise mediocrity even, in her children, before she praises... the best excellence in the children of any other land.
Steve Jobs|Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|She did not care very much for other little girls, but if she had plenty of books she could console herself.
Chuck Palahniuk|The best way to waste your life, is by taking notes. The easiest way to avoid living is to just watch. Look for the details. Report. Don't participate.
Gail Levy, Strange Embrace|I let one of the men rename me. A man gave me the name Rose – you didn’t know that, did you, Poke?…He said, this man, he said that Kwan was too hard to remember, even though it’s a good name and it means ‘spirit,’ and that the rose was the queen of flowers and I was the queen of Patpong.” She laughs, rough as a cough. “The queen of Patpong. A kingdom of whores and viruses. Death with a smile.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|O Heavenly Children, the stories you have concocted in God's name have angered Him; for he would never instigate war between brothers, or encourage tribes to harbor resentment towards one another. He prefers the man who loves over the one who hates. And the man who spreads kindness, peace and knowledge, over the one who spreads lies, fear and terror — and misuses His name.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|People are inherently wary and fearful. What is a person more afraid of, the paucity of their dreams or the satanic magnitude of their nightmares? Poetic inventions containing elements of truth comprise all of our nighttime dreams and ephemeral daydreams.
Mike Ericksen, Upon Destiny's Song|I would enter the desert alone, to leave in the sand endless footprints only to be obliterated by the wind, to walk the same path each day expecting the same path tomorrow, and perhaps to cease wondering at the bloom and wither of lilies only to linger for death. But no, even in the desert, I would seek a new sanctuary, to contemplate a grain of sand in a sea of dryness...
Anaïs Nin, Henry And June|Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Christopher S. Hyatt|live to the fullest or die;and die you will anyway, so start living!
Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year|The geometry of judgment is a circle. Hate is a snake that turns to consume itself from the tail, a circle that diminishes to a point, then to nothing. Pride is such a snake, and envy, and greed. Love, however, is a hoop, a wheel, that rolls on forever. We are rescued by those whom we have rescued. The saved become the saviors of their saviors.
Leah Remini|Belief and faith are great, but very few people have been led astray by thinking for themselves.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Hardship is not our choice; but if we face it bravely, it can toughen the fiber of our souls.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|It is not a brave thing to trust God. To true believers, it is a sweet necessity.
Louie Gohmert|What I'll say is that Cuban-Americans don't have to deal with the same immigration issues as other nationalities because of the 'wet feet, dry feet' policy. For Cubans, one year after you touch United States territory, you can become a legal resident.
Stewart Stafford|Human knowledge is but a ripple on the water's surface. To go deeper, we must accept the fact that we don't know everything
Carla Reighard, Elle's Magical Shoes|I think magic is hard for most people to believe in, because our lives are typically without it. Sometimes the supernatural is disguised behind other things like bravery.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|Then it’s a deal, we’re friends.”[…]“Can we just make one conditional rule here? That if we get into a situation where we know—absolutely—that we’re going to die, we can have—“She pulled her hand away. “Don’t say it!”He did. “Sex.”She glared her disbelief. “You are such and asshole!”“I am,” Ian agreed. I’m afraid that accepting me for who I am comes with the territory when talking friendship.”“Stay in the shadows, asshole,” she said, then turned to stalk up the lawn toward the deck.“Thank you,” he said as he headed for the shrubs. “I appreciate our open-minded acceptance of my asshole-ishness.”And he wasn’t sure, but he could’ve sword that he heard Phoebe laugh.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Before you accomplish your dreams physically, your inner make up, mindset, emotions and perception have fought the battle mentally and that already determined how the battle will be fought physically.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|We build this country ourselves every day and we have to be, in the most positive sense, totally unreal.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Galápagos|Mary Hepburn was meanwhile murdering herself up in her room, lying on her bed with the polyethylene sheath of her "Jackie dress" swapped around her head. The sheath was now all steamed up inside, and she hallucinated that she was a great land tortoise lying on its back in the hot and humid hold of a sailing ship of long ago. She pawed the air in perfect futility, just as a land tortoise on its back would have done.As she had often told her students, sailing ships bound out across the Pacific used to stop off in the Galàpagos Islands to capture defenseless tortoises, who could live on their backs without food or water for months. They were so slow and tame and huge and plentiful. The sailors would capsize them without fear of being bitten or clawed. then they would drag them down to waiting longboats on the shore, using the animals' own useless suits of armor for sleds.They would store them on their backs in the dark paying no further attention to them until it was time for them to be eaten. the beauty of the tortoises to the sailors was that they were fresh meat which did not have to be refrigerated or eaten right away.
Coco J. Ginger|I won’t let you have it. I won’t give you this moment. I won’t let you fill up this valuable organ...I own it. I won’t do it. I can’t think, I won’t think about it.
Edgar Allan Poe|To elevate the soul, poetry is necessary.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|You know, the kind who know Jesus by His first name, but out of politeness never use it even to His face.
Debasish Mridha|Do what is right, not what is important.
Orson Scott Card, Earth Unaware|Everyone was always in such a rush to shoot forward that they never took the time to look back. Which was a mistake. If you wanted to avoid snags, kinks, knots, and cuts, you had to "keep your mind on your line," as the saying went.
Martin Luther|A person who...does not regard music as a marvelous creation of God, must be a clodhopper indeed and does not deserve to be called a human being; he should be permitted to hear nothing but the braying of asses and the grunting of 
Robin LaFevers|We must not be surprised when we hear of murders, killings, of wars, or of hatred...If a mother can kill her own child, what is left but for us to kill each other?
W. Somerset Maugham, Collected Short Stories: Volume 4|You're stubborn, Vlad.""Is that a compliment?
Jonathan Haidt|The president is the high priest of what sociologist Robert Bellah calls the 'American civil religion.' The president must invoke the name of God (though not Jesus), glorify America's heroes and history,quote its sacred texts (the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution), and perform the transubstantiation of pluribus unum.
Belsebuub|Gotama's awakening involved a radical shift of perspective rather than the gaining of privileged knowledge into some higher truth. He did not use the words "know" and "truth" to describe it. He spoke only of waking up to a contingent ground--"this-conditionality, conditioned arising"--that until then had been obscured by his attachment to a fixed position. While such an awakening is bound to lead to a reconsideration of what one "knows," the awakening itself is not primarily a cognitive act. It is an existential readjustment, a seismic shift in the core of oneself and one's relation to others and the world. Rather than providing Gotama with a set of ready-made answers to life's big questions, it allowed him to respond to those questions from an entirely new perspective.To live on this shifting ground, one first needs to stop obsessing about what has happened before and what might happen later. One needs to be more vitally conscious of what is happening now. This is not to deny the reality of past and future. It is about embarking on a new relationship with the impermanence and temporality of life. Instead of hankering after the past and speculating about the future, one sees the present as the fruit of what has been and the germ of what will be. Gotama did not encourage withdrawal to a timeless, mystical now, but an unflinching encounter with the contingent world as it unravels moment to moment.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|When you can no longer tell the difference between being yourself and being love, you are not far from waking up.
L.M. Montgomery|The guy's life drunk, I think, makes Candide look like a sourpuss. Does he even know that death exists?
Jeanne DuPrau, The City of Ember|The sky, at sunset, looked like a carnivorous flower.
Bill Budge|I've never been much of a computer guy at least in terms of playing with computers. Actually until I was about 11 I didn't use a computer for preparing for games at all. I was playing a bit online, was using the chess club mainly. Now, obviously, the computer is an important tool for me preparing for my games.
Valerie Harper, Today I Am a Ma'am: and Other Musings On Life, Beauty, and Growing Older|I long ago came to the understanding that the problems I once had with food were not merely about food. Eating was a way of trying to fill up the emptiness, to provide comfort. It was a substitute for love. I'm not referring to the love that comes from someone else. The love that was missing from my life was self-love. With age I've discovered a sense of worth that makes me less hungry. A piece of cake is just a piece of cake.
Sunday Adelaja|Bell defined civilization in the language of a Bloomsbury connoisseur: ‘A taste for truth and beauty, tolerance, intellectual honesty, fastidiousness, a sense of humour, good manners, curiosity, a dislike of vulgarity, brutality, and over-emphasis, freedom from superstition and prudery, a fearless acceptance of the good things of life, a desire for complete self-expression and for a liberal education, a contempt for utilitarianism and philistinism, in two words – sweetness and light.’ Bell argued that ‘as a means to good and as a means to civility a leisured class is essential’. The Bloomsbury group was necessary because ‘It is only when there come together enough civilized individuals to form a nucleus from which light can radiate, and sweetness ooze, that a civilization becomes possible. The disseminators of civilization are therefore highly civilized men and women forming groups sufficiently influential to affect larger groups, and ultimately whole communities.
Jean Paul Friedrich Richter|When someone is filled with the Holy Spirit’s power and is zealous to do good, their “fire” for God will always expose their enemies. It was the fire that made the snake come out and bite Paul.“Paul gathered a pile of sticks for the fire. He was putting the sticks on the fire, and a poisonous snake came out because of the heat and bit him on the hand.”Acts 28:3
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|When two wise men are blaming one another,then time has come for you to be the third one.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you will invest the maximum amount of time in hard work, polishing and building your own land of promise, you will become great in life. You will become exceptional. You will become a specialist and the world would want to reckon with you.
William Lane Craig|So how do you find out what God thinks? The Christian says, you look in the Bible. And the Bible tells us that God forbids homosexual acts. Therefore, they are wrong.So basically the reasoning goes like this:(1) We are all obligated to do God’s will.(2) God’s will is expressed in the Bible.(3) The Bible forbids homosexual behavior.(4) Therefore, homosexual behavior is against God’s will, or is wrong.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|The ragamuffin gospel says we can't lose, because we have nothing to lose.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|Don’t pretend, Bianca,” he said. “You’re smarter than that, and so am I. I finally figured out what you meant when you left. You said you were like Hester. I get it now. The first time you came to my house, when we wrote that paper, you said Hester was trying to escape. But everything caught up with Hester in the end, didn’t it? Well, something finally caught up with you, but you’re just running away again. Only, he”-Wesley pointed to my bedroom door-“is your escape this time.” He took a step toward me, forcing me to crane my neck even more to see his face. “Admit it, Duffy.”“Admit what?”“That you’re running away from me,” he said. “You realized you’re in love with me and you bailed because it scared the shit out of you.
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|Friendship is a strange idea, difficult to quantify and, at times, even more difficult to maintain. Clearly a friend is someone you enjoy spending time with. However, a friend is also someone you continue to support even during periods when they are considerably less pleasurable to be around. The loyalty of friendship often contains a kind of tautology or feedback loop: the longer you are friends the more loyal you become, and the more loyal you become the longer you remain friends.
Sebastian Thrun|As a college student, what really interested me was the human brain and human intelligence.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|What a wretched circle this poor way of reasoning among the Men draws them insensibly into. Why is learning useless to us? Because we have no share in public offices. And why have we no share in public offices? Because we have no learning. They are sensible of the injustice they do us, and therefore are reduced to the mean shift of cloaking it at the expence of their own reason. But let truth speak for once: Why are they so industrious to debar us that learning we have an equal right to with themselves, but for fear of our sharing with, and outshining them in, those public offices they fill so miserably? The same sordid selfishness which urged them to engross all power and dignity to themselves, prompted them to shut up from us that knowledge which wou'd have made us their competitors.
Andrew Solomon|If you banish the dragons, you banish the heroes...
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|I love you. If you remember nothing else for the rest of your life, if you fall and hit your head and can’t remember my name, if you get so sick you’re unrecognizable, if you hate me, if you’re on your deathbed and can’t manage to even lift a finger — remember this. I. Love. You. Always. Forever. Eternally. Is that kind of love something you can handle, Saylor?
Shannon Lynette, Lady on a Wire|Your presence resembles a dirty martini,she only drinks it when she’s thirsty.
David Bentley Hart, The Experience of God: Being, Consciousness, Bliss|Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it.
Robert  Herrick|To the Virgins, To Make much of TimeGather ye rose-buds while ye may,Old Time is still a-flying;And this same flower that smiles today,	Tomorrow will be dying.The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,	The higher he’s a-getting,The sooner will his race be run,	And nearer he is to setting.That age is best which is the first,	When youth and blood are warmer;But being spent, the worse, and worst	Times still succeed the former.Then be not coy, but use your time,	And while you may, go marry;For having lost but once your prime,	You may for ever tarry.
Caroline Abbott, A Journey Through Emotional Abuse: From Bondage to Freedom|Discipline is the wholehearted yes to the call of God. When I know myself called, summoned, addressed, taken possession of, known, acted upon, I have heard the Master. I put myself gladly, fully, and forever at His disposal, and to whatever He says my answer is yes.
Alexandra Kinias, Black Tulips|And because she did not shove this down my throat, this dawned on me.
Gift Gugu Mona|We all want to look good, but genuine goodness is in the heart.
Dada Bhagwan|If the fruit (of your effort) is to your expectations, it is the effect (prarabdha, result) of your merit karma [punya karma], if it is not to your expectation, then it is the effect of your demerit karma [paap karma].
Debasish Mridha|Always try to live in a wonderful world where the sun is always shining, flowers are always blooming, birds are always singing, and you are always busy with a joyful life.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|When you raise the most valid of points, you will be grazed by the most hollow of souls, and the most vacant of personages.
Amy Winehouse|I like having my hair and face done, but I'm not going to lose weight because someone tells me to. I make music to be a musician not to be on the cover of Playboy.
L.A. Weatherly, Angel Fire|But I saw your aura looking healthy again, then looking sick after a hunt. And you keep getting migraines. You should take better care of yourself,” he added mildly. “Look for ways to not be so tense – long walks, meditation, these things would help.”Alex suddenly felt like Seb was his therapist; he had to resist the urge to shake him.
Kirk Douglas|I love my dad; I'm a daddy's girl, all the way.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you want to find the real competition, just look in the mirror. After awhile you'll see your rivals scrambling for second place.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Caine's Law|Every time a horse let you up onto its back, it’s giving you its life. Every time.
Santosh Avvannavar, Dear Wife, Your Husband is not a Superhero: "Weddings have logic, but Marriages have only emotions"|He set the suitcases in the back then tossed her the keys. "You drive."She repressed a smile as she climbed behind the wheel. "With each passing day, your reasons for wanting a wife become clearer.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Find me, my thief.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy.
Nanette Mathews|What you resist, persists....Let go and your life will flow.
Edgar Allan Poe|Spring, if it lingers more than a week beyond its span, starts to hunger for summer to end the days of perpetual promise. Summer in its turn soon begins to sweat for something to quench its heat, and the mellowest of autumns will tire of gentility at last, and ache for a quick sharp frost to kill its fruitfulness. Even winter — the hardest season, the most implacable — dreams, as February creeps on, of the flame that will presently melt it away. Everything tires with time, and starts to seek some opposition, to save it from itself.
Maite|You can hide from others, but you can't hide from yourself.
Ellen Hopkins|I was almost awestruck when I realized that like this meant without a condom. Jack's vulnerability shone through him in that exact moment like a lighthouse beacon in a raging storm. Somewhere along the way, we'd crossed an imaginary line where feelings and emotions blurred into the unknown. A place neither of us dared to go before.
Derek B. Miller, Norwegian by Night|It almost feels like at some point life whacks you on top of the head and hands you a list of all the things you can keep. The list is surprisingly long. You can keep letters. You can keep trying. You can keep secrets and you can try your hardest to keep promises. You can keep your eyes on the road. You can keep his sweatshirt, the one he left on the living room floor. You can keep photos and you can keep the memories. But you cannot keep people. People are not things - you can't keep them.
Charles B. Rangel|Rhetoric does not get you anywhere, because Hitler and Mussolini are just as good at rhetoric. But if you can bring these people down with comedy, they stand no chance.
Seinabo Sey|When learning was monopolized by the monks in the Middle Ages, people specialized only in warfare and statecraft. And even these were not altogether free from the scholastic influence.
Elon Musk|The fact is I like Mumbai less and less. My son says, 'Baba, let's go for a drive', and I tell him, 'Where's the fun of a drive in this place?' You get caught in a million traffic jams, and you spend time cooped in your car with all that mad cacophony around you.
Tamora Pierce, Melting Stones|Yes Headwoman Azaze. But I never lie to Rosethorn. She, um, discourages it.""Evvy and I have an understanding." She grabbed the teakettle and poured hot water into the mug. "She tells me the truth, and I don't hang her in the first well we come to. It's a solution that works tolerably well for both of us.
Robin Ince|For one who feels compelled, as I do, to accept the existence of the Master Architect, it is important to examine his handiwork for the light it throws on him and on his program for his children. For me, there has been no serious difficulty in reconciling the principles of true science with the principles of true religion.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|If time is money and you wasted my time, then give me back my money!
Shannon L. Alder|People can waste a large amount of their time trying to be accepted by people. Sometimes, God meant for you not to fit. You never know, you may hold the unique perspective that when voiced or demonstrated will change generations.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.
Ada Yonath|One of my earliest recollections is being woken up at some ungodly hour in the morning by my parents and sat in front of the fairly new black and white television, watching a grainy image of a man in a white suit climbing down a ladder. It was the first moon landing, and I became a sort of spaceman, as many kids were.
Jeff Rich|If I truly had the courage of my convictions, I would be a full-blown comic novelist.
Spencer Ellsworth, Swords & Steam Short Stories|She kissed their knife marred bodies, for every act of war has, at its heart, an act of mercy.
Kasie West, Split Second|Doing the right thing irl (in real life) or online is good netiquette, but it is not always easy. NetworkEtiquette.net
Rachel S. Heslin, The Map of Your Life|One thing I want to make clear: I don’t think our old maps are bad. They deserve to be honored for their intent to help guide us safely through life. This is one of the reasons why, when we try to "push through" resistance, it seems to get even harder to move forward. After all, if you were trying to save someone by keeping them from running out into a dangerous situation, and they were pulling against you, you'd try to hold tighter, wouldn't you?
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|This apparent hurly-burly and disorder turn out, after all, to reproduce real life with its fantastic ways more accurately than the most carefully studied out drama of manners. Every man is in himself all humanity, and if he writes what occurs to him he succeeds better than if he copies, with the help of a magnifying glass, objects placed outside of him.
Nina Hrusa|If you want to change yourself, you have to change your point of view.
Sax, Cynthia|Want and need are not the same things either. A want can be foregone. It is voluntary, a nice-to-have. A need is required, a necessity. If he needed me, I’d be essential for his success, for his happiness.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|They think giving people longer prison sentences is going to teach people a lesson. Well that is just fantasy, as we just take our drugs and violence in to the prison. Our brothers and sisters, pals or rivals outside plug the gap that has been left by the dealer that was selling the crack or smack in the first place. Just like kamikazes, when one is dead, fifty queue up to take their place.
Neil Gaiman|At home, my father ate all the most burnt pieces of toast. 'Yum!' he'd say, and 'Charcoal! Good for you!' and 'Burnt toast! My favorite!' and he'd eat it all up. When I was much older he confessed to me that he had not ever liked burnt toast, had only eaten it to prevent it from going to waste, and, for a fraction of a moment, my entire childhood felt like a lie, it was as if one of the pillars of belief that my world had been built upon had crumbled into dry sand.
George Friedman, The Next Decade: What the World Will Look Like|If you see adversity arriving at your game field, time to put on your pads and let see how well you can tackle adversity.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|To enslave an individual troubles your consciences, Archivist, but to enslave a clone is no more troubling than owning the latest six-wheeler ford, ethically. Because you cannot discern our differences, you assume we have none. But make no mistake: even same-stem fabricants cultured in the same wombtank are as singular as snowflakes.
Mariano Rivera|Good character consists of recognizing the selfishness that inheres in each of us and trying to balance it against the altruism to which we should all aspire. It is a difficult balance to strike, but no definition of goodness can be complete without it.
Thomas Merton, Contemplative Prayer|Each confrontation between Jesus and another person or group reveals what we do to each other, personally and on a public level. Each is an indictment against Christians, followers of the man crucified, the suffering servant, the Lamb of God.
David Brier, Great Type & Lettering Designs|Customers have a first moment when they discover your brand. If you were to look at it today with a fresh pair of eyes, in fact only through a pair of fresh customer eyes and witness your brand for the very first time, what would you see? What impression would make? Or fail to make? Would your brand blend in? Would it stand out? Would it be memorable, or the leading cause of amnesia amongst shoppers everywhere? Facing the truth of this and fixing it as needed will determine whether your brand thrives or merely stumbles along.
Stand Watie|Every nation has its war party... It is commercial, imperialistic, ruthless. It tolerates no opposition.
Shay Savage, Otherwise Occupied|To cope, he and his siblings – older and younger sisters, a younger brother - created a game called Henry Kissinger. Palahniuk remembers that as their parents fought, lots would be drawn to see who would play Kissinger. 'This was the early to mid-70s, when Kissinger was a hero, forging peace in the Middle East,' he explains. 'Whoever became Henry Kissinger would have to go and redirect our parents’ attention or anger to a different crisis.' The child who drew the short straw would severely hurt himself, presenting himself as 'this injured thing' in an effort to diffuse conflict.
Anthony T Hinkcs|Society has failed its inhabitants, just as its inhabitants have failed society.
Bertrand Russell|There's nothing wrong with that. Nothing at all. I think sometimes the Lord wants us to wonder. To ask. To share our uncertainties. He wants to give us those answers. Keep thinking. Keep wondering, Gideon.
Deyth Banger|How do I think different from the Crowd??I just watch different stuff, different from the crowd this put's me in problems which are different than the crowd Problems!
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|Sometimes the novel is not ready to be written because you haven't met the inspiration for your main character yet. Sometimes you need two more years of life experience before you can make your masterpiece into something that will feel real and true and raw to other people. Sometimes you're not falling in love because whatever you need to know about yourself is only knowable through solitude. Sometimes you haven't met your next collaborator. Sometimes your sadness encircles you because, one day, it will be the opus upon which you build your life.We all know this: Our experience cannot always be manipulated. Yet, we don't act as though we know this truth. We try so hard to manipulate and control our lives, to make creativity into a game to win, to shortcut success because others say they have, to process emotions and uncertainty as if these are linear journeys.You don't get to game the system of your life. You just don't. You don't get to control every outcome and aspect as a way to never give in to the uncertainty and unpredictability of something that's beyond what you understand. It's the basis of presence: to show up as you are in this moment and let that be enough.
Marcus G Monroe|The greatest book ever composed was marked at one point unconventional. Also it was marked difficult to read, especially in its original format. Yet that book has saved countless lives including mine, and that book, I'm referring to is still saving countless lives today... Think about that when others mention flaws about your work.
Philip K. Dick|Lying is a full time occupation, even if you tell just one, because once you tell it, you're stuck with it. If you want to do it right, you have to visualize it, conjure the graphics, tone, and sequence of action, then relate it purposefully in the midst of seemingly spontaneous dialogue. The more actual the lie becomes to the listener, the more actual it becomes to the teller, which is scariest of all. Some people really get to believing their own lies.
Christina Aguilera, Christina Aguilera: "Back to Basics"|That was the thing about being alone, in theory or in principle. Whatever happened-good, bad, or anywhere in between-it was always, if nothing else, all your own.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Music was not so very different from mathematics. It was all just patterns and sequences. The only difference was that they hung in the air instead of on a piece of paper. Dancing was a grand equation. One side was sound, the other movement. The dancer's job was to make them equal.
Liz Czukas, Ask Again Later|It doesn't matter if it's the real world or fictional," I insisted. "Crushes are the best part of liking someone, and they are completely safe. You get all the benefits of fantasising about someone, but none of the he-loves-me-he-loves-me-not drama. It's all the good parts with none of the parts that make you lie awake at night all angsty.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|Religion, which was obviously created to give meaning and purpose to people, has become part of the oppression. This is true in both Eastern and Western religious traditions. The Buddha, Jesus and Muhammad were all revolutionaries who critiqued and attempted to dismantle the corrupt societal traditions of their time. Yet their teachings, like most things in human society, have been distorted and co-opted by the confused and power-hungry patriarchal tradition. What were wonce the creation myths of ancient cultures, have become doctrines of oppression. More blood has been spilled and more people oppressed in the name of religion than for any other reason in history.
Karen Marie Moning, Burned|She waited, thinking you were different from those who used and betrayed her. She believed you would find her, come charging to her rescue. That belief was as misplaced as the monsters we faced were deadly. The day came she finally lost her faith in you, and I was there as I’ve always been there when she needed me.
Tonny K. Brown|The discoveries of my life that were of greatest significance (1) When I discovered love, (2) When I discovered faith and (3) When I discovered one cannot be without the other.
Richie Norton|At a certain point, unabashed optimism becomes delusional insanity.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|We fail to move beyond what is safe, we abandon our dreams in favor of what is sure rather than strive for what is best for us.
Neal Shusterman|It's because even a good man can't always be right, that we need ... rules.
Bob   Anderson, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|Once a good model gets inside you, it can inform and guide you throughout a lifetime.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|They don't fit you?" V asked his roommate."Not the point. No offense, but these are wicked Village People." Butch held his heavy arms out and turned in a circle, his bare chest catching the light. "I mean, come on.""They're for fighting, not fashion.""So are kilts, but you don't see me rocking the tartan.""And thank God for that. You're too bowlegged to pull that shit off."Butch assumed a bored expression. "You can bite 
Auliq Ice|Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
Meghan Quinn, Co-Wrecker|What kind of one-night stand takes your car the next morning? It’s called the walk of shame, not grand theft auto.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Those things: Mystery, Fate, and Enchantment... they are things that young people offer us as soon as we get close to them. And if we’re not careful, we can be seduced by, and drawn back into, the youthful world the young preside over.
Margaret Sanger|I think all mothers are alike, regardless of cultural background, when it comes to illogical cleaning.
Jean Faustin Louembe|the two shall become oneMany at times we think that when the word says the two shall become one, it has to do with only a husband and his wife. It is way beyond our imagination, we have to be one with our Lord and God before even being one with your wife or siblings. Like a precious brother said one day: " people are arguing on the text but the context cannot be argued about " why? Because people think they know the text but they fail to know the context which is the spiritual understanding behind the text. The church is always arguing about the text, the Doctrine and so on, whilst the Bride is being impregnated in the secret place( her heart) then she will have a change of mind that will produce her husband again in physical form. May God help us to understand the God we claim to worship. You cannot worship God in Spirit if you don't have the truth, neither will you understand the truth if you don't have The Holy Ghost. Not a sensation or a feeling but the very seed, germ of Christ in your spiritual womb(Heart). Then if you have that life, you will do like The disciples did, baptising in Jesus-Christ's name instead of titles: father, son and Holy Ghost like the churches do think they have the truth. The truth is found only in them that are humble to unlearn to be able to learn. Just like brother Paul humbled Himself after being convinced that Jesus-Christ is not just the son of God but God Almighty Himself(Acts9,1-6). Without unity, no one will be raptured because the carnal( unbeliever) will always fight the spiritual (The Word). Shalom God bless you.
Karen Armstrong, A History of God: The 4,000-Year Quest of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam|Ibn al-Arabi gave this advice:Do not attach yourself to any particular creed exclusively, so that you may disbelieve all the rest; otherwise you will lose much good, nay, you will fail to recognize the real truth of the matter. God, the omnipresent and omnipotent, is not limited by any one creed, for he says, 'Wheresoever ye turn, there is the face of Allah' (Koran 2:109). Everyone praises what he believes; his god is his own creature, and in praising it he praises himself. Consequently, he blames the disbelief of others, which he would not do if he were just, but his dislike is based on ignorance.
Danny Wallace|You predicted quick victory. Now it’s going to get hopelessly complicated. Jesus, don’t you know any better than that by now?
Jez Morrow, Force of Law|She sniffled. "Does he know?""Not a clue," Law said. "There are concrete bricks less dense than my beloved.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|…Not that it was unjust; not that the scales were forced out of balance. Where there had been good, it showed as clearly. Kindnesses, accomplishments, all those were present, too.
Sikhwetha maanda|I’m not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it’s Shakespeare—or, if not, it’s some equally brainy lad—who says that it’s always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of lead piping.
Sean Thomas Dougherty, Sasha Sings the Laundry on the Line|Beso me without desire so I may hear her coo, that grew in you
Charles Lamb|If you want to go somewhere, it is best to find someone who has already been there.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|He was fucking sad. That's it. That's the point. He knows life is never going to get any different for him. That there's no fixing him. It's always going to be the same monotonous depressing bullshit. Boring, sad, boring, sad. He just wants it to be over.
Natalie Wood|When you look at the stars and the galaxy, you feel that you are not just from any particular piece of land, but from the solar system.
Wayne Dyer|Nearly all the best things that came to me in life have been unexpected, unplanned by me.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|She felt... how life, from being made up of little separate incidents which one lived one by one, became curled and whole like a wave which bore one up with it and threw one down with it, there, with a dash on the beach.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Mental fight means thinking against the current, not with it. It is our business to puncture gas bags and discover the seeds of truth.
Thomas Watson|We stitch together quilts of meaning to keep us warm and safe, with whatever patches of beauty and utility we have on hand.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|You are afraid to let anyone in, but you still leave the door open, hoping someone good will shut the door behind him and throw away the keys.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|To improve a country, educate the citizens.
Peter S. Beagle, Tamsin|No, there are no special places in hell. Hell is a democracy.
Lenny Bruce|Many forms of Government have been tried, and will be tried in this world of sin and woe. No one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise. Indeed, it has been said that democracy is the worst form of Government except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time."(Speech in the House of Commons, 11 November 1947)
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|You’ve heard the saying, "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." Well, just change that to "F**k a man and you’ve made him happy for a day. Teach a man to f**k and you’ve made him happy for a lifetime.
Anne F. Beiler|For me, the sketching of dresses was about fantasy and dreams. In my little room at home, I felt that I was somewhere else. In Paris, for instance.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You know, Michael,” Pastor Charles would often tell him, “some men get high on drugs and make a mess while they are high; others get drunk and behave like animals while under the influence of alcohol; and you Michael, you fall in love and lose any sense of reality. It is the same like getting high. You are an addict too. You are addicted to women. But not in the perverted pornographic or sexual way. Sex is just a part of it. Your addiction is more about love. You are addicted to falling in love. And the only remedy for your addiction is the ultimate love; love of God and love for God. Turn to God Michael. He loves you. Show your love for him and you will be healed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even great things than you!
Diane Mandt Langberg, Counseling Survivors of Sexual Abuse|The more we idealized the past, however, and refuse to acknowledge or childhood sufferings, the more we pass them on unconsciously to the next generation.
Melissa Seligman, The Day After He Left for Iraq: A Story of Love, Family, and Reunion|As he moves through his day, sometimes he stops and just stares at me. There is something on the tip of his tongue. But he doesn't say it. I'm not sure he knows what it is.
George "GM64" Mercado|My greatness shall never be measured by my actions or accomplishments, but rather by those of my son's guided by my teachings.
Frank Herbert, Dune|There is a fragrance in the air, a certain passage of a song, an old photograph falling out from the pages of a book, the sound of somebody's voice in the hall that makes your heart leap and fills your eyes with tears. Who can say when or how it will be that something easters up out of the dimness to remind us of a time before we were born and after we will die?
Henry de Vere Stacpoole, The Blue Lagoon|Memory cannot produce a picture that Imagination has not retouched; and her pictures, even the ones least touched by Imagination, are no mere photographs, but the world of an artist.
Shel Silverstein|Rockabye Baby, in the treetopDont you know a treetopis no safe place to rock?And who put you up there,and your cradle too?Baby,I think someone down herehas got it in for you!
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Your choice is your choice and you need to accept what happens, not shift the blame to someone else if it doesn't turn out your way.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art.... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
Eminem|They get up early, because they have so much to do, and go to bed early, because they have so little to think about. 
Sarah Mayberry, Can't Get Enough|Just leave me alone, I want to be alone,” she said when Jack tried to open the car door. She hit the lock, and wound the window up. Since the roof was down, it was a fairly pointless exercise.
Agatha Christie, Partners in Crime|You do think you know about everything," said her husband. I do," said Tuppence.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|[Norm said,] 'To all those who argue this war is a mistake, I'd like to point out that we've removed from power one of history's most ruthless and belligerent tyrants. A man who cold-bloodedly murdered thousands of his own people. Who built palaces for his personal pleasure while schools decayed and his country's health care system collapsed. Who maintained one of the world's most expensive armies while he allowed his nation's infrastructure to crumble. Who channeled resources to his cronies and political allies, allowing them to siphon off much of the country's wealth for their own personal gain.
Steven Wright|If a word in the dictionary were mispelled, how would we know?
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|I found I could only glance at him for tiny moments and then I had to look away. He was perfect enough to hurt my feelings for a long time, and I wanted to let him.
Michael Haneke|I don't like this idea of Method. I come from that school, but what I was taught was that it's your imagination. You do your homework, and you use your imagination.
Ellen Read, The Dragon Sleeps|Here, sleep with your back against me. I shall protect you better this way.” She nodded, shuffled closer, and leaned back against him. Her unique womanly scent washed over him, and he fortified his resolve, though having her so close on a bed of furs fired his blood. She dragged her fur up, and he draped his extra across, tucking it in around her shoulders and arms. “I do not fancy having one of them lying next to you. Besides, I wish not for your pinkie to wander.
C. JoyBell C.|The only way that we can live, is if we grow. The only way that we can grow is if we change. The only way that we can change is if we learn. The only way we can learn is if we are exposed. And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open. Do it. Throw yourself.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|...where the preservation of a natural resource like the redwoods is concerned, that there is a common sense limit. I mean, if you've looked at a hundred thousand acres or so of trees — you know, a tree is a tree, how many more do you need to look at?
Anne Carson, Plainwater: Essays and Poetry|The key is to put your outrage in a place where you can get it when you need to, but not have it bubble up so much, especially when you're asked to explain new ideas or explain what you observed two people who share none of your experiences.
Abraham Maslow|One of the great lessons the fall of the leaf teaches, is this: do your work well and then be ready to depart when God shall call.
Joan Lingard|Life is limited, but by writing, and reading, we can live in different worlds, get inside the skins and minds of other people, and, in this way, push out the boundaries of our own lifes.
Sami Abouzid|She Had a Wish, To Leave This Old Town, and See the World Out there
Debasish Mridha|Never forget to see the beauty, even in ugliness.
