Lailah Gifty Akita|What God want me to be, I shall be by His grace.
George Horace Lorimer, Letters from a Self-Made Merchant to His Son|It has been my experience that, even when a man has a sense of humor, it only really carries him to the point where he will join in a laugh at the expense of the other fellow.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Lying is an art, if you can convince yourself with lie, then you are a master.
Winston  Churchill|The how and why wild, little animals landed up with people will probably never be known for sure.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you reproduce yourself, you don’t spend your life, you multiply it.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|It was too late - everything was too late. For years now he had dreamed the world away, basing his decisions upon emotions unstable as water.
John Lasseter|When I go to Batman movies, I always think, 'Man, I would like to be a bad guy in a Batman movie.' especially as they got darker when they go to the Christian Bale era.
Candace Knoebel|Our connection was like a hidden force pulling us towards one another, and resisting it took a strength that I didn’t know I could keep up for much longer.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Shadows of cloud lurked in the water, like holes the sun forgot about.
Jonathan Dimbleby|I admire Kings of Leon. I think their records are amazing. Just from hanging out with them, I can say they're good guys. It's cool to see that they get to do what they love. But I think they clearly have an appreciation for where they came from, and it has shaped who they are.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|He pulled out his wallet and extracted a twenty-dollar bill, fastidiously folding it in half so that the crease cut across the face of Theodore Roosevelt, with its shining spectacles and its Chesire Cat grin.
Patricia Lockwood, Motherland Fatherland Homelandsexuals|Like water our ideals for writing what seems at first to be a calling to pen a masterpiece, it at first can be pure, fluid even (words can come easily) but we also have to learn to work with what our eyes glaze over as weak substitutes, words that we think have no substance to what we are learning towards. What is every poet's intention? Their intention is to forge, nullify, create, defend, fill the reader with the awe and inspiration that every poet themselves craves. They want to carve a name for themselves in the annals of history, leave a not so quiet legacy behind. Poets want immortality or rather they want their words to become immortal. Perhaps even Marlowe and Shakespeare had discussions about this.
Salman Rushdie|When a reader falls in love with a book, it leaves its essence inside him, like radioactive fallout in an arable field, and after that there are certain crops that will no longer grow in him, while other, stranger, more fantastic growths may occasionally be prod
Debi Cimo, Delicate The alchemy of Emily Greyson|Beshrew your eyes,They have o'erlook'd me and divided me;One half of me is yours, the other half yours,Mine own, I would say; but if mine, then yours,And so all yours.
Barbara Jordan|When you're lost, admit it, and ask for directions.
Richard Wright|The wind at the top of the mountain is always the strongest, but if you do not give up, the journey down will always be easier.
John M. Gottman|Haydon had found his charm again. He could do that at the drop of a hat. He drew you and he repelled you. I remember that exactly. He danced all ways for you, playing your emotions against each other because he had none of his own.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The bells of the Gion monastery in India echo with the warning that all things are impermanent. The blossoms of the sala trees teach us through their hues that what flourishes must fade. The proud do not prevail for long but vanish like a spring night’s dream. In time the mighty, too, succumb: all are dust before the wind.
Jim George, A Husband After God's Own Heart|No matter how old you are or how long--or short!--you've been married, the day you accelerate your growth in the Lord is the day your marriage is positively impacted, improved, and strengthened!
Nurudeen Ushawu|I didn't say I can change the whole world with all it entirety alone. But I can strike on a lot of things and cause a rift, and bring so many things together.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we seek the knowledge God, all other knowledge will be given to us.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|You can't fix your mistakes. Once people are dead, you can't make them undead.
Brent Green|Those of us who receive the blessing of a long life will also need to understand and manage grief and loss many times throughout our lives. Grief will come again, and again. Loss is a requisite part of the aging process and the human experience.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Fiction operates through the senses, and I think one reason that people find it so difficult to write stories is that they forget how much time and patience is required to convince through the senses. No reader who doesn't actually experience, who isn't made to feel, the story is going to believe anything the fiction writer merely tells him. The first and most obvious characteristic of fiction is that it deals with reality through what can be seen, heard, smelt, tasted, and touched.
Frithjof Schuon, Logic and Transcendence|If gifted with unbelief, even when the train of success stops at your doorstep you will still miss it.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Either nobody's perfect,or everyone is.
Shuli Barzilai, Tales of Bluebeard and His Wives from Late Antiquity to Postmodern Times|As Atwood concludes after a random and informal sampling, men and women differ markedly in the 'scope of their threatenability': 'Why do men feel threatened by woman?' I asked a male friend of mine....'[M]en are bigger, most of the time...and they have on the average a lot more money and power.' 'They're afraid women will laugh at them,' he said. 'Undercut their world view.' Then I asked some women students in a quickie poetry seminar I was giving, 'Why do women feel threatened by men?' 'They're afraid of being killed,' they said'.
noelsugarcube|Yes, my dear," he said reaching his hand to her cheek from where he sat. "But, it only takes one success to erase all the failures. When an opportunity presents itself, the only true failure takes place if one doesn't try at all. My wings weren't ready to fly this time, but, next time, you'll see. They all will see.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|I am forced to conclude that God made Texas on his day off, for pure entertainment, just to prove that all that diversity could be crammed into one section of earth by a really top hand.”Mary Lasswell
Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder|For society, marriage is undoubtedly beneficial. But the burdens of civilized morality are too heavy for many to bear.
ETC Wanyanwu|In nepotism, when a doctor is appointed to do the job of an engineer, and an engineer is appointed to do the job of a lawyer, you know there’s bound to be failure in the system
W. Somerset Maugham|Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|It is far better to make mistakes, than to marry them.
Bryn Greenwood, All the Ugly and Wonderful Things|Your family is real, but mine isn't? Real people with real feelings, but my family isn't real to you. You think. I'm a character. A story. Those women you talk about. Not real people to you. Stupid women. I'm real. I'm as real as you are. My family is real like your family.
Deyth Banger|Let's do this and this to see the consequences, who is real friend and who isn't. Who understands you and who doesn't!
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|NEVER FALLOW THE DECISION OF UR HEART ,FOLLOW THE DECISION OF UR BRAIN BECAUSE EVEN HEART ITSELF IS NOT ON THE RIGHT POSITION
Paulina Rubio|If the pressure is getting to you, whistle. In a barely audible way. It's the best way I know of to let go of tension. Music gets your mind off the situation, and the act of whistling melts the tension out of your body.
John Piper|The most precious gifts you can think of are not ends in themselves. They all lead to God. Ultimately, that is what all His gifts are for.
Christos Yannaras, Variations on the Song of Songs|I love, therefore I am.
Gift Gugu Mona|Time is often wasted by those who don't understand that time is worth more than money because when lost, money can be regained but time cannot.
Paul Rusesabagina|I still wonder how policy officials... can sit down at the table with their families and have any appetite for food, or go to sleep at night, knowing that they failed to act. Human beings were sacrificed for political convenience. This would be enough, I think, to turn any reasonable man into a prisoner of his own conscience for the rest of his life.
Neal Shusterman, The Schwa Was Here|...Our conversation with the supermarket manager had been about as helpful as a New Jersey road sign, and if you've ever been there, you know the signs don't tell you the exit you're coming up to, they only point out the exits you've just missed. It puts parents in very foul moods--and since you're probably there to visit relatives, their mood was pretty touch and go to begin with.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Workers who can consistently decide with clarity and ease which tasks are most important when under pressure are the most prized in every organization. Highly focused in pressure-cooker situations, they rise to meet the challenges of an opportunity-saturated workplace that demands tough calls at every step.
Allen Klein|Since the goal of my programs is to show audiences how humor can both help them heal as well as deal with not-so-funny stuff, I decided to discuss the events of the previous week, the pain all of us were feeling, and how humor and some laughter might be beneficial.
Christopher Hitchens, The Enemy|People accuse me of having interiorized a feeling of racial inferiority, so that I attack my own culture out of self-hatred, because I want to be white. This is a tiresome argument. Tell me, is freedom then only for white people? Is it self-love to adhere to my ancestors' traditions and mutilate my daughters? To agree to be humiliated and powerless? To watch passively as my countrymen abuse women and slaughter each other in pointless disputes? When I came to a new culture, where I saw for the first time that human relations could be different, would it have been self-love to see that as a foreign cult, which Muslims are forbidden to practice?
Ben Greenfield, Beyond Training: Mastering Endurance, Health  Life|A mind that is racing over worries about the future or recycling resentments from the past is ill equipped to handle the challenges of the moment. By slowing down, we can train the mind to focus completely in the present. Then we will find that we can function well whatever the difficulties. That is what it means to be stress-proof: not avoiding stress but being at our best under pressure, calm, cool, and creative in the midst of the storm.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|If you miss the present moment, you miss your appointment with life. It’s so clear. Mindfulness is the energy and practice that helps you go back to the here and now so that you encounter life.
D.A. Hanks, Green Day - A Novel of U.N. Totalitarian Control|When you're young, you say what you feel.When you're adult, you speak what you think.When you grow old, you listen to what nature says.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A lack of common sense usually ends in some heroic feat, much like the soldier who dives onto the grenade so that others may live.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Some part of me can't wait to see what life's going to come up with next! Anticipation without the usual anxiety. And underneath it all is the feeling that we both belong here, just as we are, right now.
William James, The Will to Believe|It is as if a man should hesitate indefinitely to ask a certain woman to marry him because he was not perfectly sure that she would prove an angel after he brought her home. Would he not cut himself off from that particular angel-possibility as decisively as if he went and married some one else? Scepticism, then, is not avoidance of option; it is option of a certain particular kind of risk. Better risk loss of truth than chance of error,-that is your faith-vetoer's exact position. He is actively playing his stake as much as the believer is; he is backing the field against the religious hypothesis, just as the believer is backing the religious hypothesis against the field.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Don't kill me,' said the knight. 'I yield. I yield. You can't kill a man at mercy.'Lancelot put up his sword and went back from the knight, as if he were going back from his own soul. He felt in his heart cruelty and cowardice, the things which made him brave and kind.'Get up,' he said. 'I won't hurt you. Get up, go.'The knight looked at him, on all fours like a dog, and stood up, crouching uncertainly.Lancelot went away and was sick.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Remember that you don't owe anyone an apology. You are who you are, you have no choice, and that is beautiful.
Barbara De Angelis|O wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful wonderful! And yet again wonderful, and after that, out of all hooping.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|By infusing Jesus the man with the divine magic – by making him capable of earthly miracles as well as his own resurrection, the early church turned him into a god within the human world. Thus, the church reinforced the monopoly on the so-called route to heaven, i.e. salvation only through Jesus Christ. And during those days, whoever kept the keys to heaven would rule the world.
J. Paul Getty, How to Be Rich|It is mainly by resisting authority that the individual defines himself. This is why authorities--whether parental, priestly, political, or psychiatric--must be careful how and where they assert themselves; for while it is true that the more they assert themselves the more they govern, it is also true that the more they assert themselves the more opportunities they offer for being successfully denied.
Debasish Mridha|The mind is the most fertile land. What you plant, it will grow.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|I'm ruined beyond repair, is what I fear...And if so, in time we'd both be wretched and bitter." "I know people can be mended. Not all, and some more immediately than others. But some can be. I don't see why not you." "Why not me?
Luis Walter Alvarez|A true nature is a gloomy monolith, sort of like that old black rotary phone that I had to sing 'Happy Birthday' to Grandpa on. But novelists, damn us, still need true natures - so we can give them to our protagonists. And so readers can vaguely predict how they'll behave when we trap them in 'situations' that they can't IM their way out of.
William C. Bryant|People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It’s called an ‘accomplishment’, not an ‘intent-ishment’. You’ve got to BE it to SEE it. NO MORE EXCUSES - Decide what you want, create a plan, and get your ass out there!
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Life is a path to reach destination.However once it is reached ,implies Life had all kind of sharp turns one time or other for all
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|I was washing the dishes and the sneaky bastard crept up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. And kissed me. Right here.” I pointed angrily to my neck. “Can I not have him committed or something?”Dr. Pritchard snorted. “For loving you?”I drew back, shaking my head in disgust. “Dr. Pritchard,” I admonished softly. “Whose side are you on?”“Braden’s.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’ll learn, as you get older, that rules are made to be broken. Be bold enough to live life on your terms, and never, ever apologize for it. Go against the grain, refuse to conform, take the road less traveled instead of the well-beaten path. Laugh in the face of adversity, and leap before you look. Dance as though EVERYBODY is watching. March to the beat of your own drummer. And stubbornly refuse to fit in.
Michael  Grant, Silver Stars|I knew the eyes. I didn’t know the Kraut, but yeah, I sure knew that look. I see it when I look in the mirror, even now. If you stay too long in the way, it’s like your eyes try to get away, like they’re sinking down, trying to hide, wary little animals crawling into the cave of your eye socket.
Peter Lerangis, Tunnel Vision|Fantasies hurt. They hurt hard and deep. They lifted you up to places that you could never reach, then they let you down with a crash.
Lana Parrilla|Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you won't get run over.
L.M. Fields|Without "the people," there is no country.
Tracy Guzeman, The Gravity of Birds|Do you even feel anything, Chad? Will you for once stop walking around, all in control and f'ing calm? Do you have any idea what you all have done. I lost everything, Chad. Everything, when Kyle died. I lost myself. I had finally begun to build a new life with new friends. With people I thought cared about me. I have started to be just a little bit happy again. Was it too much to ask? Did I ask for too much by just wanting to have a little bit of a life again? Now, it’s all screwed up again and you walk around here like you don’t feel anything about what’s happened.”Chad spun around, and for only the second time since she’d known him, she saw the flash of anger so fierce her breath caught in her throat and she took an involuntary step back, away from him. Jennie knew Chad would never hurt her on purpose, but the anger rolling off of him was palpable. It seemed to force her backwards as if it had a life of its own, a power of its own.“Not feel anything, Jennie? Are you f'ing kidding me? I walk around here every day and I ache every f'ing minute I’m with you. I’m so twisted up with loving you and hating you, I can’t breathe. I can’t keep my hands off you, but I can’t let myself kiss you because I might lose myself in you. I can’t make love to you because I’m afraid you’ll pretend I’m him. I know you want his arms around you, not mine. I know you want it to be his baby inside you, not mine. And I know you can’t love me back, no matter what I do, because you’re still so in love with your husband, you can’t even begin to see me.”Chad didn’t stop and Jennie didn’t try to stop him.“And every day, I have to sit here and wonder how I’ll be a part of my baby’s life. I wonder if you’ll let me be in the delivery room, if you’ll let me help you name the baby. I wonder how much money I’d have to offer the people who live across the street from you to get them to sell me their house, just so I can see my child grow up. If you’ll let me...” Chad stopped as if he’d run out of steam.They stood in uneasy silence for a long time before Chad spoke again. He sounded worn out and bitter and angry, mirroring Jennie’s chaos of emotions.“Am I feeling anything? Yeah. I’m feeling some f'ing sh**, Jen.
Michael Chabon|Landsman and Bina were married to each other for twelve years and together for five before that. Each was the other's first lover, first betrayer, first refuge, first roommate, first audience, first person to turn to when something -- even the marriage itself -- went wrong. For half their lives they tangled their histories, bodies, phobias, theories, recipes, libraries, record collections. They mounted spectacular arguments, nose-to-nose, hands flying, spittle flying, throwing things, kicking things, breaking things, rolling around on the ground grabbing up fistfuls of each other's hair. The next day he would bear the red moons of Bina's nails in his cheeks and on the meat of his chest, and she wore his purple fingerprints like an armlet.
Don DeLillo|Here's the thing about New York, the thing I love most: there is no such substance as silence. If you ever stop talking, and he stops talking, the city takes over for you. A siren forms a distant parabola of sound. A door slams. The old couple in 4A argues over who will answer the telephone. The young lovers in 2C reach an animalistic climax. A million other lives play out on your doorstep, and not one of them gives a damn about your little problems. Life goes on and on and on.
AainaA-Ridtz|God prevented Adam & Even from ETERNAL SINFULNESS by giving them the gift of death, the ability to exit this life & arrive safely in the wondrous life to come. Death, though it would appear to be man's greatest enemy, would in the end, prove to be his greatest friend. Only through can we go to God.
Colby Buzzell, My War: Killing Time in Iraq|I wanted people to know that we fired rounds into moving trucks and open windows to survive, not for anyone else’s freedom. Not for the Democrats. Not for Republicans. Just to survive.
Chess Desalls, Travel Glasses|No doubt you've experienced something similar in books, movies, novels–whatever you use as an excuse to get away, to suspend reality. Literary characters, like these projections, draw you in and cultivate feelings of friendship on your part. Although, no matter how much you learn about them, how much time you spend with them–how far you can see into their thoughts and words, how they interact with others, their looks, what they wear–they will never, ever know you.
Robert Michael Pyle, Mariposa Road: The First Butterfly Big Year|I thought of a sign I had seen... another scary time, when I was two hundred feet up in a giant karri tree in South West Australia. At the point where the precarious spiral ladder grew even steeper and narrower to reach the fire-watch platform atop the tree, the sign said: 'Reassess Your Situation Now: Turn Back if You Are Not Comfortable'. Then, as now, that seemed like damn good advice.
Steven Brust, The Sun, the Moon, & the Stars|I’m here for you. Always. Do you feel me?Hear me? I talk to you every night, does it reach you?
Storm Constantine|I have been writing now for over a week. I find it cleansing, refreshing; it is good for me.” (p.531)
Harrish Sairaman|Stronger your reasons, stronger the will power
Fiona Apple|Remember when I moved in you and the holy dove was moving too, and every breath we drew was, "Hallelujah.
Lord North|The mountains, the forest, and the sea, render men savage; they develop the fierce, but yet do not destroy the human.
Charlaine Harris, Definitely Dead|One day, I learned that a single look can change everything. And since then I have seen it countless times. I have grappled to understand it and failed. For instance, all it took was a look from another man for my wife to fall out of love with me. It baffles me that a simple alignment of eyes can cause so much devastation.
Michael Crichton, Travels|If you asked me whether I was the type of person who liked trying new things or preferred sticking with what was familiar, I would have told you I was the second girl. The if –it-aint-broke-don’t-fix-it girl. I also would have told you plays were lame. It suddenly occurs to me that I don’t seem to know very much about…me. It’s a weird feeling, like maybe a stranger is inhabiting my body. Or maybe a stranger was, and I kicked her out.
Alexander Pope, An Epistle from Mr. Pope, to Dr. Arbuthnot.|Oh let me live my own! and die so too! ("To live and die is all I have to do:") Maintain a poet's dignity and ease, And see what friends, and read what books I please.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|The chef turned back to the housekeeper. “Why is there doubt about the relations between Monsieur and Madame Rutledge?”The sheets,” she said succinctly.Jake nearly choked on his pastry. “You have the housemaids spying on them?” he asked around a mouthful of custard and cream.Not at all,” the housekeeper said defensively. “It’s only that we have vigilant maids who tell me everything. And even if they didn’t, one hardly needs great powers of observation to see that they do not behave like a married couple.”The chef looked deeply concerned. “You think there’s a problem with his carrot?”Watercress, carrot—is everything food to you?” Jake demanded.The chef shrugged. “Oui.”Well,” Jake said testily, “there is a string of Rutledge’s past mistresses who would undoubtedly testify there is nothing wrong with his carrot.”Alors, he is a virile man . . . she is a beautiful woman . . . why are they not making salad together?
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|From an evolutionary point of view, most emotions - fear, desire, anger - serve some practical purpose, but nostalgia is a useless, futile thing because it is a longing for something that is permanently lost . . . .
Amy Plum, Until I Die|For better or worse, he was my soul mate. The other half of me. In many ways, he was my reflection.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|You know how creative people are, we have to try everything until we find our niche.
Andrew Root, Christopraxis: A Practical Theology of the Cross|We may preach with all the fervor of a reformer and yet succeed only in winning a straggler here and there, if we permit the whole collective thought of the nation or of the world to be controlled by ideas which, by the resistless force of logic, prevent Christianity from being regarded as anything more than a harmless delusion...What is to-day a matter of academic speculation, begins to-morrow to move armies and pull down empires.
Pamela Paul, My Life with Bob: Flawed Heroine Keeps Book of Books, Plot Ensues|Whenever one of us introduced an old favorite, we savored the other's first delight like a shared meal eaten with a newly acquired gusto, as if we'd never truly tasted it before.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|At times we feel outnumbered in our attempts to improve the world—to brighten and beautify, to preserve and heal and do what’s best for humanity. Selfless efforts can start to feel beleaguering, discouraging, even pointless with so little support. It is at these times I remind myself that I would rather be the last Good Samaritan standing than to join the ranks of selfish multitudes creating misery.
Erica Sehyun Song, The Pax Valley|I distracted Herbert by pretending to trip and break a bone. Ethan darted around to the red golf cart with a cocky smile on his face. He put the key in ignition, and the vehicle roared to life. “Hey,” Herbert shouted, snapping his attention to Ethan. I sprang up and ran up to Ethan. He pulled me in the cart and stomped on the gas pedal. We shot through the automatic doors with Herbert on our tail.  “Go faster!” I cheered. My brother smacked the steering wheel. “I can’t; it’s a golf cart.
Clarice Lispector, The Foreign Legion|A judge who doesn't feel empathy for the accused, becomes executioner
Robert Greene, Mastery|The truth is that creative activity is one that involves the entire self - our emotions, our levels of energy, our characters, and our minds.
Chris Kirkpatrick|Music can also be a sensual pleasure, like eating food or sex. But its highest vibration for me is that point of taking us to a real understanding of something in our nature which we can very rarely get at. It is a spiritual state of oneness.
John   Williams, Stoner|Can you remember how you felt when you were communicating through your artwork? Not just the sense of completion, but the sense of rightness- the sense that you had brought to life something that could live beyond your sphere of being, that held in it far more potential than you ever realized you were imbuing in the work?
C.S. Lewis|I know now, Lord, why you utter no answer. You are yourself the answer. Before your face questions die away. What other answer would suffice?
Biruté M.F. Galdikas, Reflections of Eden: My Years with the Orangutans of Borneo|As I sit, my back leaning against a damp, moss-covered tree trunk, my eyes sweeping the canopy above, my ears straining to catch the crack of a distant branch that betrays an orangutan moving in the treetops, I think about how we humans search for God. The tropical rain forest is the most complex thing an ordinary human can experience on this planet. A walk in the rain forest is a walk into the mind of God.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|You see, unlike most writers today, I do not use a computer. I write the old-fashioned way: on the walls of caves.
Michael Cunningham|Most straight people, and many gay people, especially those who came of age more recently, don’t understand how momentous and difficult coming out was to men and women of this generation. It seems so obvious now, so banal.
Madeleine L'Engle|I hate phones," he grumbled into her neck. "Seriously, I wanna go back in time and murder Alexander Graham Bell." He sat up with a groan. "Or was it Edison who invented the phone? I can never remember."	She had to laugh. "I'm pretty sure it was Bell.
Paul S Kemp|The past is a ghost that haunts us. Ghosts must banished. Lingering on the past is weakness, Lord Vader.
Neal Shusterman, UnWholly|How many kids are in the Graveyard?""A bunch.""Who sends your supplies?""George Washington. Or is it Abraham Lincoln? I forget.""How often do you receive new arrivals?""About as often as you beat your wife.
Patricia Gaffney, The Saving Graces|Almost all the world is natural chemicals, so it really makes you re-think everything. A cup of coffee is filled with chemicals. They've identified a thousand chemicals in a cup of coffee. But we only found 22 that have been tested in animal cancer tests out of this thousand. And of those, 17 are carcinogens. There are ten milligrams of known carcinogens in a cup of coffee and thats more carcinogens than you're likely to get from pesticide residues for a year!
David  Holdsworth|YOU HAVE KILLEDYOU HAVE STOLENYOU HAVE DESTROYED.DEVOURER OF LIVESDEVOURER OF SOULSYOU ARE DEFEATED!ROAR O LION OF JUDAHPROCLAIM YOUR VICTORY!CHILDREN OF ADAM BEHOLD...BEHOLD THY SALVATION.FOR GREAT IS THE DAY OF THE LORD.TURN AND FOLLOW THE CHILDAS LION LIES WITH LAMB.O SWORD BE A PLOUGHO SPEAR BE A PRUNING HOOK"EDUCATORS" SILENCE!WE SHALL LEARN WAR NO MORE.
George Eliot|But the vicar of St. Botolph's had certainly escaped the slightest tincture of the Pharisee, and by dint of admitting to himself that he was too much as other men were, he had become remarkably unlike them in this - that he could excuse others for thinking slightly of him, and could judge impartially of their conduct even when it told against him. [from Middlemarch, a quote my mother thinks describes the kind of man my father was]
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|Would you favor me with a dance?" Over all the others I was his choice! I curtsied, and he took my hand. Our hands knew each other. Char looked at me, startled. "Have we met before, Lady?
David Hume|. . . when a woman has a husbandAnd you've got none,Why should she take advice from you?Even if you can quote Balzac and ShakespeareAnd all them other highfalutin' Greeks. 
Stephen Fry, The Hippopotamus|The moral world has no particular objection to vice, but an insuperable repugnance to hearing vice called by its proper name.
Divyanka Tripathi|I feel a distaste for hunting, first because of a kind of Buddhist respect for the unity and sacredness of all life, and also because the pursuit of a hare or chamois strikes me as a kind of 'escape of energy,' that is, the expenditure of our effort in an illusory end, one devoid of profit.
Lawrence Summers|I once came back from a book tour where sleek black cars driven by nice men in black suits waited for me at every hotel, took me to every signing, brought me back, opened car doors for me. They were great. I was great. It was a wonderful tour.
Craig Scott, Anonymous Agencies, Backstreet Businesses, and Covert Collectives: Rethinking Organizations in the 21st Century|Interest in such organizations is too often linked to the fringe and marginal or thought to be little more than conspiracy theories. While such a critique is not entirely incorrect, we will see that hidden organizations are far more common, more important, and more consequential than we have typically allowed ourselves to admit. As a result, they also need to be better integrated into thinking about organizations by scholars, policymakers, and everyday citizens.
Mollie Marti|Your value lies not in status or title, but in the roots of your character and depth of your compassion.
Natalie Pace, The Gratitude Game: 21 Days to a Healthier, Wealthier, More Beautiful You|As we become the light, the light is lifted in every room that we enter.
Bandile M. Matsenjwa|A heart is never broken, it is our mind that can't find the key to unlock the treasures that are hidden inside each of us. Letting go, acceptance and trust to our core heart are the true path to reunion with our loving self and let all fears and sorrow disappear.
Shirley Jackson, Let Me Tell You: New Stories, Essays, and Other Writings|If one were to include one-tenth of the remarkable people one knows, in one's fiction, no one would accept it. Real life remains one's private menagerie.
H.G. Wells, The First Men in the Moon|As sci-fi writer Theodore Sturgeon said, 90 percent of everything is crap. But science fiction has not been forgiven for its crap. The reason is that science fiction inherently distrusts the 'eternal verities' on which literature graduates base their doctoral dissertations. Literature departments were uncomfortable with that. But things change.
Janet Evanovich, High Five|There’s a coward and a fool, and both of them are you, My heart is cracked and broken, but yours is frozen through.
P. J. O'Rourke|I think computers are the ultimate writing tool. I'm a very slow writer, so I appreciate it every day.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Humanity takes itself too seriously. It is the world's original sin. If the cave-man had known how to laugh, History would have been different.
Eugène Ionesco|You must completely dedicate yourselves to it. To do less will be to let down your country, your state, your parents, your teachers, and ultimately, yourselves. Remember this: The only good citizen is the well-educated citizen.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is not for sale. The man who sells truths that could help and guide humanity will never have peace of mind. Share truths freely, and you will always be revealed more.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|There were profound reasons for his attachment to the sea: he loved it because as a hardworking artist he needed rest, needed to escape from the demanding complexity of phenomena and lie hidden on the bosom of the simple and tremendous; because of a forbidden longing deep within him that ran quite contrary to his life's task and was for that very reason seductive, a longing for the unarticulated and immeasurable, for eternity, for nothingness. To rest in the arms of perfection is the desire of any man intent upon creating excellence; and is not nothingness a form of perfection?
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|In the 10th century, Baghdad instituted a licensing exam that all doctors had to take before practicing as physicians
Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great|Live for the lovers, not the haters!
Zac Efron Seventeen Again|If you are you because you are you, and I am I because I am I, then you are you and I am I.If you are you because I am I, and I am I because you are you, then you and I are not.
Margaret Sanger|After qualifying for a B.Sc. in pharmacology, I spent a few months in Sheffield University as a research worker in the pharmacology department but then went back to Oxford to the Nuffield Institute for Medical Research in order to study for a D. Phil. with Dr. Geoffrey Dawes.
Charles de Lint|I do believe in an everyday sort of magic -- the inexplicable connectedness we sometimes experience with places, people, works of art and the like; the eerie appropriateness of moments of synchronicity; the whispered voice, the hidden presence, when we think we're alone.
Harry Truman|You want a friend in this city? [Washington, DC.] Get a dog!
Christopher Hitchens|I used to call myself a single-issue voter on the essential question of defending civilization against its terrorist enemies and their totalitarian protectors, and on that 'issue' I hope I can continue to expose and oppose any ambiguity.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Does that new man in your life call his ex "a slut", "a whore", "a bitch", "psycho" , "crazy", "a nutter" etc etc. Chances are, whatever he's calling his ex right now, he'll be calling you when things don't go his way. Be warned.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Random acts of kindness, however small it may be can transform the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Saviour, sacrifice his life as offering for sin.
Marlon Wayans|I find, when you're an optimist, life has a funny way of looking after you.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has to say is much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|I try to shut out ideas about why you should do things. Trying to do good architecture and really designing a career? There's some attention to be paid to that, but I don't think it's everything.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|When he finished, he drank from the cup. Everyone else did too, so I followed suit.And nearly choked to death.It was like fire in liquid form. It took every ounce of strength I had to swallow it and not spray it on those around me."Wh...what is this?" I asked, coughing.Viktoria grinned. "Vodka."I peered at the glass. "No, it isn't. I've had vodka before.""Not Russian vodka."Apparently not.
J. Michael Straczynski|I was the first spokesperson for the Better Hearing Institute in Washington. And that's the message we tried to send out - there is hearing help out there, and the technology and options are amazing.
Terry Pratchett|Lord Vetinari in a meeting: “what people said was what they wanted him to hear. He paid a lot of attention to the spaces outside the words, though. That’s where the things were that they hoped he didn’t know and didn’t want him to find out.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|At any given moment, you circumstances can change. You may not be where you want to be right now. You may not even be doing what you prefer to do. But, if you change your way of thinking and realize that you have all the opportunities available to you just like each one of us. You can begin to focus on what you want to achieve and make it happen.
Cecília Meireles, Romanceiro da Inconfidência|Freedom - that word that the human spirit feeds: that no one can explain, and anyone who does not understand.
Jeffrey McDaniel|I used to think love was two people suckingon the same straw to see whose thirst was stronger,but then I whiffed the crushed walnuts of your nape,traced jackals in the snow-covered tombstones of your teeth.I used to think love was a non-stop saxophone soloin the lungs, till I hung with you like a pair of sneakersfrom a phone line, and you promised to always smellthe rose in my kerosene. I used to think love was terminalpelvic ballet, till you let me jog beside while you pedaledall over hell on the menstrual bicycle, your tongueripping through my prairie like a tornado of paper cuts.I used to think love was an old man smashing a mirrorover his knee, till you helped me carry the barbellof my spirit back up the stairs after my car pirouettedin the desert. You are my history book. I used to not believein fairy tales till I played the dunce in sheep’s clothingand felt how perfectly your foot fit in the glass slipperof my ass. But then duty wrapped its phone cordaround my ankle and yanked me across the continent.And now there are three thousand miles between the uand s in esophagus. And being without you is like standingat a cement-filled wall with a roll of Yugoslavian nickelsand making a wish. Some days I miss you so muchI’d jump off the roof of your office buildingjust to catch a glimpse of you on the way down. I wishwe could trade left eyeballs, so we could always seewhat the other sees. But you’re here, I’m there,and we have only words, a nightly phone call - one chanceto mix feelings into syllables and pour into the receiver,hope they don’t disassemble in that calculus of wire.And lately - with this whole war thing - the language machinesupporting it - I feel betrayed by the alphabet, like they’reinjecting strychnine into my vowels, infecting my consonants,naming attack helicopters after shattered Indian tribes:Apache, Blackhawk; and West Bank colonizers are settlers,so Sharon is Davey Crockett, and Arafat: Geronimo,and it’s the Wild West all over again. And I imagine Picassolooking in a mirror, decorating his face in war paint,washing his brushes in venom. And I think of Jeninin all that rubble, and I feel like a Cyclops with two eyes,like an anorexic with three mouths, like a scuba diverin quicksand, like a shark with plastic vampire teeth,like I’m the executioner’s fingernail trying to reasonwith the hand. And I don’t know how to speak lovewhen the heart is a busted cup filling with spit and paste,and the only sexual fantasy I have is bustinginto the Pentagon with a bazooka-sized pen and blowingopen the minds of generals. And I comfort myselfwith the thought that we’ll name our first child Jenin,and her middle name will be Terezin, and we’ll teach herhow to glow in the dark, and how to swallow firecrackers,and to never neglect the first straw; because no oneever talks about the first straw, it’s always the last strawthat gets all the attention, but by then it’s way too late.
Velma Wallis, Two Old Women: An Alaskan Legend of Betrayal, Courage and Survival|At the edge of chaos, unexpected outcomes occur. The risk to survival is severe.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Future strong individuals will not take on personal sacrifices, hardships and corporate crap that sidetrack them from their dreams and goals.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|It was like that all the time, in those years: an endless trip, a gaudy voyage. But powers decay. Time leaches the colors from the best of visions. The world becomes grayer. Entropy beats us down. Everything fades. Everything goes. Everything dies.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|For your next act, please don't pull any rabbits out of my... well, hat."....He licked playfully at her mouth. "And ya can't call my manhood 'rabbit'.
Marianne Williamson|There are those who seek the love of a woman to forget her, to not think about her.
Antonya Nelson|There are a thousand things to hear about, informationally, daily, but the thing that doesn't go away is the one to pay attention to.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl Band 1-3|Foaly: Anyone see you come in here? Holly: The FBI, CIA, NSA, DEA, MI6. Oh, and the EIB. Foaly: The EIB? Holly: (smirking) Everyone in the building.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|There was enough ice.So I thought. For my drink.When I used it all,I cut her heart out and used it instead.I never ran out of ice that night.
Ernest Hemingway|As a writer, the main skill you need is curiosity. As a reader, the main tool you need is open-mindedness.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Love is the ultimate outlaw. It just won't adhere to any rules. The most any of us can do is to sign on as its accomplice. Instead of vowing to honor and obey, maybe we should swear to aid and abet. That would mean that security is out of the question. The words "make" and "stay" become inappropriate. My love for you has no strings attached. I love you for free.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|That's what happens to melodies: they get lost in the air. Just like memories. And the body. Memories and melodies and the body dissolve after we die. A musical instrument is not like the body, not at all: like the soul, it carries on.
Deyth Banger|She: Why do you seek me?He: Because you seek me.She: Where will this take us?He: On the journey called 'life.'She: What will we find in this journey?He: The meaning of life.Conversations, Avijeet Musafir Das
Christy  Hall|When people live in abnormality for too long, the abnormal becomes normal and eventually, identity is lost
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Again, a Prince should show himself a patron of merit, and should honour those who excel in every art. He ought accordingly to encourage his subjects by enabling them to pursue their callings, whether mercantile, agricultural, or any other, in security, so that this man shall not be deterred from beautifying his possessions from the apprehension that they may be taken from him, or that other refrain from opening a trade through fear of taxes; and he should provide rewards for those who desire so to employ themselves, and for all who are disposed in any way to add to the greatness of his City or State.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|But until then, and right now, the sun is bright, the air is cool, my head is clear, there’s a whole day ahead of us, we’re almost to the mountains, it’s a good day to be alive. It’s this thinner air that does it. You always feel like this when you start getting into higher altitudes.
Hjalmar Söderberg, Doctor Glas|I would even argue that, for many displaced people, nostalgia is also blended with fear - the fear of uncertainty and of facing the challenges posed by the larger world and the fear of the absence of the clarity and confidence provided by the past. In essence, nostalgia is associated mostly with the experience of a particular type of migrants, namely, exiles.
Barton Gellman|Dell fills its computers with crapware, collecting fees from McAfee and other vendors to pre-install 'trial' versions.
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care.I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.'I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research.Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery.To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be.Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit.So, I believed.
David C. Riggins|The outcast lepers would like to drag everything down in their ruin. And they become all the more evil, the more you cast them out; and the more you depict them as a court of lemurs who want your ruin, the more they will be outcast.
Robin S. Sharma|I don't think of myself as hot or cool or anything, just a dork.
Tanith Lee, The Book of the Dead|We all have our dreams. May we find them, and God have mercy on us when we do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Only those who transcend into another world, knows there.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You were created, fashioned and designed in a special form to leave in the world something that did not exist before you were born!
Rodney Atkins|Dilip Kumar was the only Bollywood hero who could make a girl shiver just by looking at her. If you don't believe it, ask your mom!
Federico Fellini|It's a complicated relationship with a guitar. I love the Bullet, for sure.
Jen Calonita, Paparazzi Princess|I have made mistakes and I have hurt people, I do not deny that fact. But I have corrected those mistakes vigorously once I understood the error of my ways.
Taylor Grace|Don’t approach a dragon from the front, a jakkar from the back or a norn from any side. Annuan saying.
Steve Martin, The Pleasure of My Company|I understood that as much as I had resisted the outside, as much as I had constricted my life, as much as I had closed and narrowed the channels into me, there were still many takers for the quiet heart.
Hubert Martin|What do you do when your words aren't enough? What do you do when your actions have no effect? What do you do when all the fibers of your existence scream just to be heard? And yet, only the most deafening silence returns the echoes of your screams. Is there something beyond words and action?
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Since the moment I saw you, all I can think about is ways to get you out of that dress." Squeezing her perfectly rounded ass, he softly growled. "So yeah, I like it.
Ursula K. Le Guin|The point is that we are not doomed because we are homosexual, my dear, we are doomed only if we live in despair because of it, as we did on the beaches and the streets of Suck City.
Salma Hayek|Have you not noticed that love is silence? It may be while holding the hand of another, or looking lovingly at a child, or taking in the beauty of an evening. Love has no past or future, and so it is with this extraordinary state of silence.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|I stood there, staring at my clothes. What does a mama wear to her son’s funeral? I looked over my wardrobe.There were outfits purchased for work, church, and casual weekends but nothing to wear to the burial of my seventeen-year-old son.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|My mother tells me I do not chew my food enough; she says I am making it harder for my body to get the essential nutrients it needs. If she were here, I would remind her that I am eating a blueberry Pop-Tart.
Plato, Phaedrus|It was Ebon's turn now, and he stepped forward and gave the pegasus' great clarion neigh -- far more like a trumpet than a horse's neigh; hollow bones are wonderful for resonance -- and swept his wings forward to touch, or almost touch, his alula-hands to her temples before he gave his own speech, in the half-humming, half-whuffling syllables the pegasi made when they spoke aloud, only she could understand what he was saying in silent speech. The words were just as stiff and silly (she was rather relieved to discover) as the ones she'd had t
Harrish Sairaman|You can only control what you know, what you don’t know, will control YOU!
F.K. Preston|A death in reverse is the rewinding of life. I do not die of old age, in a bed surrounded by strangers my loved ones paid to take care of me. I die in reverse. I die falling backinto a younger age. From my forty-five years to twenty-five. To sixteen. When we were in love. To fourteen: when we first met. To five. To one. To the hospital my mother died at from the complications of my existence. A life for a life.
Tanya Kimberly Orme|I don't want to become obsessed with work or money or change any of the values I have now. I don't have reason to believe that I ever should change, as much as I have this feeling of urgency to pursue my dreams...
Jim Butcher, Princeps' Fury|There is no higher calling than the service of your fellow man, and to do so through your own personal mastery of a craft is a gift enjoyed by few.
Joshua Ferris, To Rise Again at a Decent Hour|How was I to be a scientist, father Lion?' Science is knowing. What could I have known? Others always did the knowing, knew what was in me, what should come out of me, what was best for me. I didn't know who I was, what I wanted. I know less now, and I am afraid.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|I am blind and limited. I would be a fool think myself wise. And so, not knowing what the universe means, I can only try to be responsible with the knowledge, the strength, and the time given to me. I must be true to my heart.
Whitey Herzog|In 1967, London Weekend Television asked me to head up their sports coverage. I got to work with guys like Brian Moore and Dickie Davies. We were the first ones to come up with the idea of the pundits' panel. Although, since I was one of the pundits, it's debatable how good an idea that was.
Tiffany FitzHenry, The Oldest Soul - Animus|I drank in his smell, I'd missed him so much more than I'd realised. Despite dreaming of him every night, besides my secret habit of writing Honour Hussain in curled scripts on every scrap piece of paper, I surprised myself by how much I needed him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I know who saved my life, the Saviour!
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Whenever I'm asked what advice I have for young writers, I always say that the first thing is to read, and to read a lot. The second thing is to write. And the third thing, which I think is absolutely vital, is to tell stories and listen closely to the stories you're being told.
Abby Danielle Burlbaugh|Heaven might not be what everyone thinks it is, but that don’t mean it’s a myth.
D.M. Lee, Mr Alhourani's Dead Man's Spots|If you want the extra-ordinary, you've got to be willing to forsake the ordinary' - Annie Grimes in Mr Alhourani's Dead Man's Spots
Malcolm X|Time is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. Truth is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. You don't need anything else.
Multatuli, Ideeën|Whether he was acting ill or well he did not know, and far from laying down the law about it, he now avoided talking or thinking about it. Thinking about it led him into doubts and prevented him from seeing what he should and should not do. But when he did not think, but just lived, he unceasingly felt in his soul the presence of an infallible judge deciding which of two actions was the better and which the worse; and as soon as he did what he should not have done he immediately felt this. In this way he lived, not knowing or seeing any possibility of knowing what he was or why he lived in the world.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Your thoughts exist. Whatever you have thought today, yesterday or many years back, it is energy and it exists. Your attention activates thoughts and it is strengthened with your repetition.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Though our childhood abuse left us feeling someone ought to make reparation to us, if we wait a lifetime for that, we may never receive what we need. We choose instead to face the idea that from now on, we are going to take responsibility for caring for ourselves.
Paulo Coelho|Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
Lailah Gifty Akita|How do you wish to live in lifetime existence; envying, hating and loving? It is better to live life loving
Friedrich Nietzsche|He who doesn't know how to put his will into things at least puts a meaning into them: that is, he believes there is a will in them already.
E.F. Benson, Night Terrors: The Ghost Stories of E.F. Benson|Philosophers have argued about the strongest emotion known to man. Some say ‘love’, others ‘hate’, others ‘fear’. I am disposed to put ‘curiosity’ on a level, at least, with these august sensations, just mere simple inquisitiveness.
Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub|You will like her," he persisted. "Egad, she's after your own heart, maman! She shot me in the arm.""Voyons, do you think that is what I like?
Janice  Anderson|The greater the fear, the greater the opportunity for growth.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Employee Engagement“Employee Engagement” has become a very hot topic in recent years. The escalating statistics for disengagement are alarming. In 2015, the Gallup Polls’ “The State of the American Workforce” survey found that only 32.5 percent of the U.S. Workforce is engaged and committed where they work, and 54 percent say they would consider leaving their companies if they could receive a 20 percent raise elsewhere. Disengagement not only lowers performance, morale, and productivity, but it’s costing employers billions of dollars a year. It's a growing problem, which has many companies baffled.
Susan Blackmore, The Meme Machine|Humans are often credited with having real foresight, in distinction to the rest of biology which does not. For example, Dawkins compares the 'blind watchmaker' of natural selection with the real human one. 'A true watchmaker has foresight: he designs his cogs and springs, and plans their interconnections, with a future purpose in his mind's eye. Natural selection . . . has no purpose in mind'.I think this distinction is wrong. There is no denying that the human watchmaker is different from the natural one. We humans, by virtue of having memes, can think about cogs, and wheels, and keeping time, in a way that animals cannot. Memes are the mind tools with which we do it. But what memetics shows us is that the processes underlying the two kinds of design are essentially the same. They are both evolutionary processes that give rise to design through selection, and in the process they produce what looks like foresight.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|What are we before love? But thoughts floating upon a sea. Searching for a shore to explore, to gaze into infinity.
Albert Bandura|I consider myself an atheist. My wife is Jewish. And I'm fine with my son being raised as a Jew. He's learning Hebrew and is really into it. I will talk to my own son about my atheism when the time is right. But there's a great tradition of Jewish atheism, there are no better atheists in the world than the Jews.
Guy Gavriel Kay|My youngest brother had a wonderful schtick from some time in high school, through to graduating medicine. He had a card in his wallet that read, ‘If I am found with amnesia, please give me the following books to read …’ And it listed half a dozen books where he longed to recapture that first glorious sense of needing to find out ‘what happens next’ … the feeling that keeps you up half the night. The feeling that comes before the plot’s been learned.
Swami Satchidananda|Devotion gradually progresses to higher levels. . . . One type goes to God and asks Him to remove his suffering. Another one will ask for money or material things. A third will request liberation or release from his bondage. And the fourth will not ask for anything. He will just enjoy praying and praising his Lord. That is the highest form of prayer. (Beyond Word, 119)
Joana James|If all the people who were called "crazy" started acting "normal", we'd probably still be living in caves.
Jeff Bezos|I gave myself permission to feel and experience all of my emotions. In order to do that, I had to stop being afraid to feel. In order to do that, I taught myself to believe that no matter what I felt or what happened when I felt it, I would be okay.
Ross Douthat, Bad Religion: How We Became a Nation of Heretics|The goal of human life," says Ramakrishna, "is to meet God face to face." But the magic is this: if we look deeply into the face of all created things, we will find God. Therefore, savor the world, the body. Open it, explore it, look into it. Worship it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The further you are in the wilderness, the closer the Promised Land is.
Jodi Picoult|Take it from me: love has all the lasting permanence of a rainbow- beautiful while it's there, and just as likely to have disappeared by the time you blink.
H.P. Lovecraft, Night Ocean et autres nouvelles|For I have always been a seeker, a dreamer, and a ponderer on seeking and dreaming...
Nina Montgomery|Competition is not about fighting, it is all about helping each other to achieve a common goal.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|For thousands of years priests, rabbis and muftis explained that humans cannot overcome famine, plague and war by their own efforts. Then along came the bankers, investors and industrialists, and within 200 years managed to do exactly that.
Stephen Jenkinson|All I wanted and all Neal wanted and all anybody wanted was some kind of penetration into the heart of things where, like in a womb, we could curl up and sleep the ecstatic sleep that Burroughs was experiencing with a good big mainline shot of M. and advertising executives in NY were experiencing with twelve Scotch & Sodas in Stouffers before they made the drunkard's train to Westchester---but without hangovers.
Ilona Andrews|Kate's Speciality: Killing things, with much bloodshed. Talking trash, infuriating authority. Driving Beast Lord crazy.
Orson Scott Card, Maps in a Mirror: The Short Fiction of Orson Scott Card|He felt ready to face the devil, and strutted in the ballroom with the swagger of a cavalier.
Thomas Hayden|In science ... "discovery" can mean finding a guppy with an extra spine in its dorsal fin.
Sara Sheridan|Because there are a million thoughts that never sleepand a million more that wake up as each second passes by...And it's insanity insidebut I can no longer keep quietOh, I can't speak as wellI need to writeI have to write...
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Hypocrite shouts about the change,but never let risk coming on his way.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|Gavin turned us to face Josh, a satisfied grin springing up when he noticed the condition of Josh’s clothes. 	“Thanks for the last-minute invitation, man.” Josh chuckled, patting Gavin on the shoulder. “Shall I do the honors, Mr. Suave?”	“Sure thing, Frodo Baggins. By the way, I hear the Shire has impeccable dinner parties this time of year.” The corners of Gavin’s lips twitched and his eyebrows shot up as he gestured to a food stain of some sort near the collar of Josh’s white shirt. 	Josh’s chin shot down to follow Gavin’s amusement and he quickly tried to wipe away the crumbs. “Yeah, well … you know how we hobbits like to eat.
Magellan|Somehow we American pastors, without really noticing what was happening, got our vocations redefined in the terms of American careerism. We quit thinking of the parish as a location for pastoral spirituality and started thinking of it as an opportunity for advancement. Tarshish, not Nineveh, was the destination. The moment we did that, we started thinking wrongly, for the vocation of pastor has to do with living out the implications of the word of God in community, not sailing off into the exotic seas of religion in search of fame and fortune.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|Hey, Kelsey." He squinted at her. "I knew the water in Charlotte was a problem, but I didn't know it made hair turn purple," he joked.Kelsey smiled at him, a mischievous glint in her eye. "Well, it looks like the water here makes your hair fall out, so I guess I'll stick with Charlotte's.
Willa Cather, Death Comes for the Archbishop|There is only one things in this world shittier than biting it from cancer when you're sixteen, and that's having a kid who bites it from cancer.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|Neither of us mentioned him when we woke on the morning after his death...One is not jealous of the dead, and it seemed easy to me that morning to take up our old life together.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|You have to realize that in life there’re certain things out of your control. You can only do so much and hope that the situation would be remedied. "It is what it is," so don’t be in denial and know your limits. If it’s meant to be then a short conversation would solve the situation, otherwise you're investing resources into something that’s really nothing. Just say and do what's necessary and if it doesn’t work out then so be it. Move on with the attitude like "Fuck It." Chapters in life are meant to end so the next can start and GOD leaves no one empty handed.
Lily Tomlin|Just remember, we're all in this alone.
Terry Pratchett|That's such bullshit, Mythology repeated by parents because it lets them force their kids into sports and push them too hard by pretending that in the end it will pay off with the holy scholarship. You know how many kids get a free ride? Hardly any. Like, maybe fourteen.' -Finn (165)
Jim Gaffigan|I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself.
Latika Teotia|Don’t allow the challenges of life to break you. Remember all the good things God has done, and fill your heart with faith
Angie karan|Make peace with your now moment. Live in this very moment and be happy with what you have. Joy enters when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and offering thanks for all the troubles we don’t have. And be aware, you have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life.﻿
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Meditation puts reason in its authority and preeminence. It helpeth to deliver it form its captivity to the sense, and setteth it again upon the throne of the soul. When reason is silent, it is usually subject; for when it is asleep the senses domineer. . . . Reason is at the strongest when it is most in action. Now, meditation produceth reason into act (573).
Lori Goldson, Irene In College|I get my share of mud flung my way, but the secret is to dance in the rain and the mud will wash away.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Tell me you'll never lie to me again, and I'll go with you.
Henry Miller|Back of every creation, supporting it like an arch, is faith. Enthusiasm is nothing: It comes and goes. But if one believes, then miracles occur.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|In these pages, traveling “solo” does not necessarily mean “alone.” The absence of other people often suggests regretful isolation. “Solo” by contrast, is a willful decision to be the architect of our own experience.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|I still loved Marc desperately and couldn’t imagine life without him. Jace was…something else. Something I could feel but couldn’t articulate. Something I wanted, and hadn’t been able to resist in my grief-weakened state. He was something that would have to wait.
Nicole  Lyons|She will blaze through you like a gypsy wildfire. Igniting you soul and dancing in its flames. And when she is gone, the smell of her smoke will be the only thing left to soothe you.
Stephen King|The most important things are the hardest to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them -- words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they're brought out. But it's more than that, isn't it? The most important things lie too close to wherever your secret heart is buried, like landmarks to a treasure your enemies would love to steal away. And you may make revelations that cost you dearly only to have people look at you in a funny way, not understanding what you've said at all, or why you thought it was so important that you almost cried while you were saying it. That's the worst, I think. When the secret stays locked within not for want of a teller but for want of an understanding ear.
Patti Smith|We didn’t have to talk then, and that is real friendship. Never uncomfortable with silence, which, in its welcome form, is yet an extension of conversation.
Jim Brown|The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Melissa de la Cruz, Sun-Kissed|He spent two years in the extermination camp at Auschwitz. According to his own reluctant account, he came this close to going up a smokestack of a crematorium there: "I had just been assigned to the Sonderkommando," he said to me, "when the order came from Himmler to close the ovens down." Sonderkommando means special detail. At Auschwitz it meant a very special detail indeed--one composed of prisoners whose duties were to shepherd condemned persons into gas chambers, and then to lug their bodies out. When the job was done, the members of the Sonderkommando were themselves killed. The first duty of their successors was to dispose of their remains. Gutman told me that many men actually volunteered for the Sonderkommando. "Why?" I asked him. "If you would write a book about that," he said, "and give the answer to that question, that 'Why?'--you would have a very great book." "Do you know the answer?" I said. "No," he said, "That is why I would pay a great deal of money for a book with the answer in it." "Any guesses?" I said. "No," he said, looking me straight in the eye, "even though I was one of the ones who volunteered."He went away for a little while, after having confessed that. And he thought about Auschwitz, the thing he liked least to think about. And he came back, and he said to me: "There were loudspeakers all over the camp," he said, "and they were never silent for long. There was much music played through them. Those who were musical told me it was often good music--sometimes the best." "That's interesting," I said. "There was no music by Jews," he said. "That was forbidden." "Naturally," I said. "And the music was always stopping in the middle," he said, "and then there was an announcement. All day long, music and announcements." "Very modern," I said. He closed his eyes, remembered gropingly. "There was one announcement that was always crooned, like a nursery rhyme. Many times a day it came. It was the call for the Sonderkommando." "Oh?" I said. "Leichentärger zu Wache," he crooned, his eyes still closed. Translation: "Corpse-carriers to the guardhouse."In an institution in which the purpose was to kill human beings by the millions, it was an understandably common cry. "After two years of hearing that call over the loudspeakers, between the music," Gutman said to me, "the position of corpse-carrier suddenly sounded like a very good job.
Talal Asad, Formations of the Secular: Christianity, Islam, Modernity|The construction of civilizational difference is not exclusive in any simple sense. The de-essentialization of Islam is paradigmatic for all thinking about the assimilation of non-European peoples to European civilization. The idea that people's historical experience is inessential to them, that it can be shed at will, makes it possible to argue more strongly for the Enlightenment's claim to universality: Muslims, as members of the abstract category "humans," can be assimilated or (as some recent theorist have put it) "translated" into a global ("European") civilization once they have divested themselves of what many of them regard (mistakenly) as essential to themselves. The belief that human beings can be separated from their histories and traditions makes it possible to urge a Europeanization of the Islamic world. And by the same logic, it underlies the belief that the assimilation to Europe's civilization of Muslim immigrants who are--for good or for ill--already in European states is necessary and desirable.
Bernard Stiegler|Why do we need so many people on Earth? I ask you. What are they good for? They live out ludicrous lives of pointless desperation. Ninety-nine percent of the human population is so much wasted resources. Stubborn vermin, we humans are.Granted, in the past, the unwashed masses were necessary. We needed them to till our fields and fight our wars. We needed them to labor in our factories making consumer crap that we flipped back at them at a handsome profit.Alas, those days are gone. We live in a boutique economy now. Energy is abundant and cheap. Mentars and robotic labor make and manage everything. So who needs people? People are so much dead white. They eat up our profits. They produce nothing but pollution and social unrest. They drive us crazy with their pissing and moaning. I think we can all agree that Corporation Earth is in need of a serious downsizing....The boutique economy has no need of the masses, so let's get rid of them. But how, you ask? Not with wars, surely, or disease, famine, or mass murder. Despots have tried all these methods through the millennia, and they're never a permanent solution.No, all we need to do is buy up the ground from under their feet -- and evict them. We're buying up the planet, Bishop, fair and square. We're turning it into the most exclusive gated community in history. Now, the question is, in two hundred years, will you be a member of the landowners club, or will you be living in some tin can in outer space drinking recycled piss?
William A. Dembski|Even if we have a reliable criterion for detecting design, and even if that criterion tells us that biological systems are designed, it seems that determining a biological system to be designed is akin to shrugging our shoulders and saying God did it. The fear is that admitting design as an explanation will stifle scientific inquiry, that scientists will stop investigating difficult problems because they have a sufficient explanation al
Katherine Parkinson|In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|I am for doing good to the poor, but...I think the best way of doing good to the poor, is not making them easy in poverty, but leading or driving them out of it. I observed...that the more public provisions were made for the poor, the less they provided for themselves, and of course became poorer. And, on the contrary, the less was done for them, the more they did for themselves, and became richer.
Yehuda Berg, The Kabbalah Book of Sex: And Other Mysteries of the Universe|A rewarding relationship occurs when there is a common spiritual goal, shared spiritual values and a mutual desire to build a relationship upon a spiritual foundation and for the purpose of connecting to the light of the creator.
Kim Bongiorno, "You Have Lipstick on Your Teeth" and Other Things You'll Only Hear from Your Friends In The Powder Room|Hey, Melissa-is there anything I should know about having this kid that isn't in the books I've been reading?"Sunlight streamed through the window, making the golden, hormone-induced mutton chops glisten upon my cheeks. As I waited for her answer, I thumbed through the glossy parenting magazines on her kitchen table.A candle flickered by the sink, adding sweetness to the spit-up scented air that was gutting punched in the face by a diaper change...
Judith Lewis Herman, Father-Daughter Incest: With a New Afterword|Father-daughter incest is not only the type of incest most frequently reported but also represents a paradigm of female sexual victimization. The relationship between father and daughter, adult male and female child, is one of the most unequal relationships imaginable. It is no accident that incest occurs most often precisely in the relationship where the female is most powerless. The actual sexual encounter may be brutal or tender, painful or pleasurable; but it is always, inevitably, destructive to the child. The father, in effect, forces the daughter to pay with her body for affection and care which should be freely given. p4
Carlfred Broderick|I suppose it must be admitted that I was raised in a "dysfunctional" family, but in truth, I do not think I had any sense of that as I was growing up. Probably part of the reason was that all of my extended kin had families at least as dysfunctional as mine. Just to give a little of the flavor of it, my "Aunt Fern," who lived just across the street and was one of the most present and puissant female relatives in my life, was, to be genealogically precise, my mother's brother's, first wife's, second husband's, father's, 3rd, 4th, and 5th wife. (She married "Uncle Lew" three times in the course of her seven matrimonial ventures.)
Mark Noce, Dark Winds Rising|Whatever befalls us, we will endure it together. I clutch my longbow and dagger close to my side. My last thoughts linger on my husband and my boy. I will not let harm come to either of them.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Neal huffed. Frustrated. "I hate that you thought I wouldn't call--I hate that everything is so tentative between us right now. When did everything get so tentative?
Sunday Adelaja|Knowing that God is backing up our words and actions makes us strong, firm and courageous in any trial or persecution
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He said, I've been coming for you on a hard road. I'm never letting you go. Never.
|The beach will never come to you no matter how long you wish for it; neither would any precious prize. If you really want it, then you have to put all excuses aside and go to it.
D.B. Nielsen, Seed|When you write something down, it stays forever.It's like a little part of you that you're giving to the universe
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, water your dream with optimism and love.
Christopher Penczak, The Witch's Coin: Prosperity and Money Magick|The secret of true prosperity is finding our security through our connection with the divine, with the spiritual world.
Dada Bhagwan|That which cannot be seen by the eyes, nor heard by the ears, is the Self (chetan, Soul). That which can be heard by the ears, 'Television' is seen, a ‘record’ is heard, that is not self (chetan, Soul) . The Self (chetan, Soul) can only be seen with the divine vision (divya chakshu).
Carma Spence|Whoever has will be given more, and he will have an abundance. Whoever doesn't have, even what he has will be taken from him
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Ties the Knot|This is what happens. You tell your friends your most personal secrets, and they use them against you.
Mickey Rooney|I didn't want to be short. I've tried to pretend that being a short guy didn't matter. I tried to make up for being short by affecting a strut, by adopting the voice of a much bigger man, by spending more money than I made, by tipping double or triple at bars and restaurants, by dating tall, beautiful women.
Nash|As long as you stay cool, nothing can defeat you
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|I am sure there are other versions of happiness, but this one is mine.
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|But when, as is most often the case, the husband and wife accept the external obligation to live together all their lives and have, by the second month, come to loathe the sight of each other, want to get divorced and yet go on living together, it usually ends in that terrible hell that drives them to drink, makes them shoot themselves, kill and poison each other
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|We must never expect discretion in first love: it is accompanied by such excessive joy that unless the joy is allowed to overflow, it will choke you.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Aberdeenshire’s Peterhead jail housed the hardest, badest, meanest motherfucker prisoners in the Scottish prison system. So no one was surprised when the pressure pot jail finally erupted in to violence that has not been seen or equalled since.
L.J. Smith, Night World, No. 1|I can't see anything" he said in a muffled voice, hand over his eyes. "I'm blind.
Geoffrey Wood|You cannot simultaneously want to eat a chocolate cake every day in front of the TV and want to be slim. You cannot want to be single and carefree and want to be in a loving, exclusive relationship
Johnny Depp|Miami is one of these great places that is a really sensual, physically beautiful place.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|I suppose when you say you slept with him, it was more than just a nap?"Lillian shot her a withering glance. "Daisy, don’t be a pea wit.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|I shou'd not myself have thought [Cato] worth so much notice as I have here taken of him; but that the Men are weak enough in general, to suffer their sense to be led away captive, by such half-thinking retailers of sentences. Among whom, This in particular, was he worth the pains, might be easily proved to have been often grossly in the wrong in other matters as well as in the present case; and therefore, when he happens to be in the right, the merit of it is more to be imputed to blind chance than to his wisdom: Since the greatest fools, when active, may blunder into the right sometimes: And great talkers among many absurdities, must here and there drop a good saying, when they least design it. Of this stamp, are the generality of evidence brought against us. Men avers'd to the labour of thinking; who found reason a drudgery (...); who have gain'd all their reputation by a pretty gimness of expressions, which wou'd no more bear examination than their heads, their hearts, or their faces; and who (to mimic this sage) wou'd rather see common-sense in confusion, than a word misplaced in one of their sentences. Yet these are sages among the Men, and their sentences are so many divine oracles; whereas perhaps, had we lived in their own times, to have heard the many more foolish things they said than sensible ones, we shou'd have found them as oafish as the dupes who revere them. And tho' perhaps we might have been more surprized to hear such dotards talk sometimes rationally, than we now are, to read their sayings; we shou'd have had reason still to think them more fit to extort our admiration than deserve it. Care has been taken to hand down to us the best of their sentences, many of which nevertheless are weak enough: But had the same care been taken to register all their absurdities, how great a share of their present applause wou'd they have lost!
Guy Kawasaki, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions|Indeed, insight is the true hallmark of empathy. The power of true empathy is its ability to give us a fresh understanding of the other person's emotions and thoughts to illuminate an aspect of their experience that would not have been apparent to us had we not stepped into their shoes.
David Gest|If we were to wake up some morning and find that everyone was the same race, creed and color, we would find some other causes for prejudice by noon.
Rory Kinnear|My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|He was a kind of éminence grise, a political leader, in a clandestine movement. Everyone knows there are girls who go for that kind of thing. There are girls who go for Huysmanists, for that matter. I once met a girl -- a pretty, attractive girl -- who told me she fantasized about Jean-François Copé. It took me several days to get over it. Really, with girls today, all bets are off.
Ogwo David Emenike|He who fights with guns and knives is a coward! For how easy is it to kill with the single pull of a trigger? And how does human flesh stand to a sharpened metal? Even an idiot can kill with a gun and a knife! A man needs no courage at all to stand behind these things that make him feel invincible and bigger than he ever will be! I don't say that no one should fight! Because battles must be fought, and wars will always be won! But let those who fight, fight with bare hands! The measure of true strength! With his hands and feet and nothing but! The country with truly strong men is able to have soldiers that need not a knife, that need no guns! And if you can soar even higher than that; fight with your pens! Let us all write! And see the substance of the man through his philosophies and through his beliefs! And let one philosophy outdo another! Let one belief outlast another! And let this be how we determine the outcome of a war!
Epictetus|An opera begins long before the curtain goes up and ends long after it has come down. It starts in my imagination, it becomes my life, and it stays part of my life long after I've left the opera house.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, Making Globalization Work|Every time you spend money, you're casting a vote for the kind of world you want.
Debasish Mridha|If you have a great vision and are ready for a passionate mission, they you are a leader.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|We are not going to die." Butters stared up at me, pale, his eyes terrified. "We're not?" "No. And do you know why?" He shook his head. "Because Thomas is too pretty to die. And because I'm too stubborn to die." I hauled on the shirt even harder. "And most of all because tomorrow is Oktoberfest, Butters, and polka will never die.
Sami Abouzid|People Will Hear What The Wish To Hear, So Why Can’t Say and Do What You Wish In Life.
Carolyn Ives Gilman, Halfway Human|I knew I was really there, because I was the thing his arms encircled, the thing his love defined.
Tim Cannon|When our Paleolithic ancestors began making tools from stone over three million years ago, they had no understanding they were entering into one of the most successful symbiotic relationships this planet has ever seen. From those humble, preverbal beginnings, humans and technology have lifted one another, improved each other’s lot, made possible the most amazing partnership imaginable.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Greatness is not dependent on your background, it is dependent on how much value you were able to add to yourself per time.
Colin Wilson, The Outsider|We have a racially based justice system that overpunishes, fails to rehabilitate, and doesn't make us safer.
Gary Thomas, Education: A Very Short Introduction|When people violate your values, they have excuses for doing so. For instance, they may misconceive your quest for responsiveness as being annoying...
Nikhil Anubhav Minz|Try me, and you will start LOVING..!!
Paulo Coelho|Don't anticipate for a promise, let it be an unexpected favour, this will increase your power of independence.
Debra Holland, Montana Sky Christmas|For this was Christmas, which had always been a time of magic, to him and to all the world.
Loriliai Biernacki, Renowned Goddess of Desire: Women, Sex, and Speech in Tantra|I would suggest that especially in the differential of images that arise, in the inflections that we find within the representations of women we may also recover a subjectivity for women. For this reason also I am specifically interested in bringing to light other models for women’s roles, models that upset business as usual and offer a greater diversity of possibilities for the ways we can imagine women.
Jenny  Lawson|I sometimes get hassled for using the term "fat" but I also use the term "crazy" to describe myself and I'm fine with that because I'm taking those words back. I'm also taking "sexy" back because, frankly, Justin Timberlake has had it too long and he doesn't even need it.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|...(W)here there's drama, there's crap.
Ziggy Marley|Fogs are like dreams that feed the soul, and without their mysterious embrace, childhood, courtship, poetry and the composition of music become all the more difficult.
Becca Ritchie, Hothouse Flower|Because when you find something you love, you can’t quit. Every failure pushes you harder. It’s in your soul and in your fucking heart
Nick Hornby|It seems to me that if you place music (and books, probably, and films, and plays, and anything that makes you feel) at the center of your being, then you can’t afford to sort out your love life, start to think of it as the finished product. You’ve got to pick at it, keep it alive and in turmoil, you’ve got to pick at it and unravel it until it all comes apart and you’re compelled to start all over again. Maybe we all live life at too high a pitch, those of us who absorb emotional things all day, and as a consequence we can never feel merely content: we have to be unhappy, or ecstatically, head-over-heels happy, and those states are difficult to achieve within a stable, solid relationship.
Stewart Butterfield|I come from a very, very small town. There were no other actors around. I never met any actors. A lot of those times when I'd be out in the sheds with my dad, I'd step outside, and there's just nothing out there but thousands of acres, forty thousand sheep, and miles of nothing. And so my mind would just wonder about what else was out there.
William Stolzenburg, Where the Wild Things Were: Life, Death, and Ecological Wreckage in a Land of Vanishing Predators|The world as first seen by the child becomes his lifelong standard of excellence, mindless of the fact he is admiring the ruins of his parents.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|There's a difference between writing for a living and writing forlife. If you write for a living, you make enormous compromises....If you write for life, you'll work hard; you'll do what's honest,not what pays
Max Tegmark, Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality|Evolution endowed us with intuition only for those aspects of physics that had survival value for our distant ancestors, such as the parabolic orbits of flying rocks (explaining our penchant for baseball). A cavewoman thinking too hard about what matter is ultimately made of might fail to notice the tiger sneaking up behind and get cleaned right out of the gene pool. Darwin’s theory thus makes the testable prediction that whenever we use technology to glimpse reality beyond the human scale, our evolved intuition should break down. We’ve repeatedly tested this prediction, and the results overwhelmingly support Darwin. At high speeds, Einstein realized that time slows down, and curmudgeons on the Swedish Nobel committee found this so weird that they refused to give him the Nobel Prize for his relativity theory. At low temperatures, liquid helium can flow upward. At high temperatures, colliding particles change identity; to me, an electron colliding with a positron and turning into a Z-boson feels about as intuitive as two colliding cars turning into a cruise ship. On microscopic scales, particles schizophrenically appear in two places at once, leading to the quantum conundrums mentioned above. On astronomically large scales… weirdness strikes again: if you intuitively understand all aspects of black holes [then you] should immediately put down this book and publish your findings before someone scoops you on the Nobel Prize for quantum gravity… [also,] the leading theory for what happened [in the early universe] suggests that space isn’t merely really really big, but actually infinite, containing infinitely many exact copies of you, and even more near-copies living out every possible variant of your life in two different types of parallel universes.
Haley Joel Osment|The disturbing truth about science communication is that we have theories and ways of delivering messages that really are like putting a candle to the dark, as Carl Sagan would say. We aren't sure what will work, when, or how much. But for all that uncertainty, that doesn't mean we shouldn't try.
Steven E. Landsburg, The Big Questions: Tackling the Problems of Philosophy with Ideas from Mathematics, Economics and Physics|Colleges should offer lots of optional life-enriching experiences, like intramural basketball and a place to sunbathe. But reading books, like basketball or sunbathing, is a leisure activity, neither more nor less admirable than any other, and colleges should not pretend otherwise.
Bernard Malamud, The Fixer|They say God appeared in history and used it for his purposes, but if that was so he had no pity for men.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|We are great friends, Fredrick, and I do not want to lose you. Marriage is something I am not ready for, even if it were with my best friend. Can we not continue to love each other the way we always have?"His eyes scanned her face and his hands reunited with hers. "My dear lady, I love you more than that," Fredrick said tenderly.
Sacha Guitry|When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|When it gets dark, it's only because god has tucked me in a cleft of the rock and covered me, protected, with His hand? In the pitch, I feel like I'm falling, sense the bridge giving way, God long absent. In the dark, the bridge and my world shakes, cracking dreams.But maybe this is true reality: It is in the dark that God is passing by. the bridge and our lives shake not because God has abandoned, but the exact opposite: God is passing by. God is in the tremors. Dark is the holiest ground, the glory passing by. In the blackest, God is closest, at work, forging His perfect and right will. Though it is black and we can't see and our world seems to be free-falling and we feel utterly alone, Christ is most present to us, I-beam supporting in earthquake.
Dennis Franz|The traveler was active; he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive; he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes 'sight-seeing.'
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Will I someday pass into history having passed by God and therefore forfeited the opportunity to change my world and reap the blessing of being able to do so because I saw myself as inadequate to achieve either? And how long will it take me to realize that if I doggedly refuse to pass by God, my inadequacy is instantly irrelevant and I have in actuality begun to achieve these very things.
Robert Higgs|It's not an endlessly expanding list of rights — the 'right' to education, the 'right' to health care, the 'right' to food and housing. That's not freedom, that's dependency. Those aren't rights, those are the rations of slavery — hay and a barn for human cattle.
Robert Jordan, Towers of Midnight|We are fools in the stream of time, in moments of calm, we will laugh about ourselves.
Yasmina Khadra, The Attack|What's wrong with me? I lose my footing, in here.' He touched his head. 'When a neuro-typical looses their footing, they yell or escape to the TV, or maybe the doctor throws them on depression meds. But when I slip, I fall all the way through. I feel the ground give way and I'm gone. It's a crack -- a crack in what's real, and beneath there I'm stuck. Then, I guess I become someone else. Mom says I still know my name, but I walk a different world. The shrink calls it DID -- Dissociative Identity Disorder -- with a little added autism to spice up my other personality. I suppose he's right, but only I know how it feels to slip through the cracks. Then the monster shows up.
M.F. Moonzajer|People forget to understand your goodness, teach them something new.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Let today be the day you stop having conflict between your actions and your goals and finally align your greatest intent with your purposeful actions, creating a universal symphony serenading your success!
Reese Witherspoon|The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word 'love'. It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|I am afraid, I cannot and will not 'surrender' to Orthodoxy!!My life in itself is an 'Epic experiment' of nature and new living!!And I am living the 'Great Adventure'..this moment..NOW!!
Sylvia Boorstein, Pay Attention, for Goodness' Sake: Practicing the Perfections of the Heart--The Buddhist Path of Kindness|[Lena Lees describes from trance her experience of Kuan Yin]:“I see Kuan Yin. She is like Venus, statuesque and standing in front of a beautiful pink half-shell. Quickly, she walks in front of me, pointing the way. We are entering the mouth of a cave. It’s so interesting. I see stairs carved out of rock in the cave. We walk up the stairs to a door. I know somehow this is just another entrance, a doorway to another time, place. Perhaps at another historical time monks lived there. Now, I’m seeing a huge image, a beautiful statue of Kuan Yin right at the top of the mountain. There are stairs leading up to her and it is as if I’m right on location, standing alongside a group of worshipers. I feel the potency of her energy. In these places, perhaps China or Vietnam, there is a palpable sense of being immersed in and supported by her presence. There is a need by the people to know more, to pick up and accumulate wisdom. I’m suddenly feeling a need to be in that kind of energy. Suddenly it is Kuan Yin who is speaking: “Some believe I am in servitude to Buddha. However, Buddha doesn’t see it like that. We’re more like brother and sister. I’m showing, Lena, my abode, a place on earth where humans can visit me and be in my potency. Lena is looking at my statue and then at my form. There’s a difference. I come to people in many forms, forms constructed from people’s own perceptions of how I should come to them. And it is individual spiritual needs that create these unique perceptions. In the end, it does not matter what form I take.”“Kuan Yin wants me to know that I can have the most divine life imaginable,” whispers Lena, still very deep in trance. “She’ll be here until the last soul passes off the earth. She remains in deity form to assist people in transcending their materialistic nature, to help them attain their highest spiritual level.
|Thinking that success is only based on money is one of the main reasons why so many people live a very competitive worldly lifestyle, and this often lead them to turn their backs on so many precious things in life in the name of chasing money.
Dada Bhagwan|When the wrong belief [of ‘I am Chandubhai’] goes away, the inner burning [antar daah, inner suffering] goes away. Inner burning is the result of the illusion [of ‘I am Chandubhai’].
Felipe Alfau, Chromos|Hem,' he said, and I knew he was a critic now, since, in conversation, they put your name at the beginning of a sentence rather than at the end.
Marilyn Hacker|As soldiers need not only courage but tactics also, so does a philosopher need not only courage and philosophy but discernment also, to tell what his right time of dying is - so that he neither seek it nor flee it.
Eric D. Huntsman|What causes all this?""Pride. What else?
Nat King Cole|Technology is the fashion of the '90s. It affects everyone, and everyone is interested in it - either from fear of being left behind or because they have a real need to use technology.
ANIKOR Daniel|Don’t feel or believe that something is not possible; if it is a true dream, the possibility of living it is sure with your undying passion.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Many people make their way through life acting as though they are ‘alone.’ They never progress beyond the lower realms of vibrational energy—and thus experience more discord, fear, stress, and ill health—because they don’t allow intuition, higher wisdom, and unconditional (Divine) love to enter into their lives and guide their decisions.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Embracing your true self radiates a natural beauty that cannot be diluted or ignored. Confident, powerful, untamable, badass you!
Diane Ackerman|The day of the sun is like the day of a king. It is a promenade in the morning, a sitting on the throne at noon, a pageant in the evening.
Gary L. Francione|When you're pregnant, you can think of nothing but having your own body to yourself again, yet after having given birth you realize that the biggest part of you is now somehow external, subject to all sorts of dangers and disappearance, so you spend the rest of your life trying to figure out how to keep it close enough for comfort. That's the strange thing about being a mother: until you have a baby, you don't even realize how much you were missing one.
Sue Savage-Rumbaugh, Kanzi: The Ape at the Brink of the Human Mind|If you don't believe in God, it may help to remember this great line of Geneen Roth's: that awareness is learning to keep yourself company. And then learn to be more compassionate company, as if you were somebody you are fond of and wish to encourage. I doubt that you would read a close friend's early efforts and, in his or her presence, roll your eyes and snicker. I doubt that you would pantomime sticking your finger down your throat. I think you might say something along the lines of, 'Good for you. We can work out some of the problems later, but for now, full steam ahead!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Inherent within your soul is a greater light, recognize and radiate it.
A.E. Via|Day had come for him. He’d only missed one meeting at work and his partner…his friend, had come for him. God had barely made it to the bathroom to puke after he lay in bed for hours trying to muster the strength to get up. When he fell to the floor after retching everything out of his stomach, including some of the lining, he couldn’t get off the floor. He’d never been so happy and so mortified at one time to see Leonidis Day.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Player|It's very important my parent's don't think I'm starting to fall in love with people, because then they might notice that I'm growing up, and I'm kind of trying to keep it a secret. I think it will cause an incident
Chris Hadfield|I'm perennially intrigued how people who lead largely evidence-based lives can, in a belief-based part of their mind, be certain that an invisible, divine entity created an entire universe just for us, or that the government is stockpiling space aliens in a secret desert location.
Geoffrey Wood|When their minds mingle with His magnanimity, something of eternity rubs off on their imaginations.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals can shrink from the envious eyes of others. Animosity, jealousy and resentment can put out your flame before it grows.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|You're the brightest thing in the room," he said. He lifted his hand from my waist, and slowly, carefully brushed a stray lock of hair from my cheek. "You shine.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Something distinguishes Christianity from all the religions of the world. Not only does it carry the truth of the redemption, by the death of our Savior for our sins on the cross, but it carries the fact that Christ rose again.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|There is a difference between criticizing people and criticizing a people's uninformed ideals. That is, unless one defines himself or others by their ideals, then he is offended, and usually offended secretly. Because oddly enough, this person is the same person quickest to resort to dismissive name-calling, such as 'bigot' or 'zealot'. And oddly enough, he is always the one, the 'open-minded' one, who adamantly protests for, not only himself, but others not to listen to any type of scholarly theological truth inherently for the sake of his own personal, moral beliefs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love protects and preserves the soul, spirit and the body.
John McCarthy|Several times in Earth's history, rapid global warming occurred, apparently spurred by amplifying feedbacks. In each case, more than half of plant and animal species became extinct. New species came into being over tens and hundreds of thousands of years. But these are time scales and generations that we cannot imagine.
Clive Barker|There are things that are more important than the news and what’s happening today. There are these archetypes which are part of the human imagination since humans were presumably imaginative. And I think that’s what [people] find touching, these eternal ideas. It’s one of the things that makes fantasy something that tends to stand the test of time because we’re reading, 50 years later, The Lord of the Rings.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|It was a nasty look. It made me feel as if I were something the dog had brought in and intended to bury later on, when he had time.
Kim   Wright, City of Bells|The last Bible I looked at contained over 2000 pages, and you humans managed to get yourself kicked out Paradise by page 5. That has to be some kind of record.
Hilaria Alexander, Prude|Once inside I stripped off my clothes and showered. Refreshed, I pick up my phone and type. ME: I want you. Come over now if you feel the same way.I held my breath as a I waited for a response but after several minutes none came. Maybe he wasn't going to come.
Yogi Berra|Don’t think you’re some kind of snowflake, suit guy. I’m a bitch to everyone.
Peter Heller|If an artist wants to be original, he should not look to art for inspiration, for art seeks its model in life, not art—and only life is rich enough to simulate originality.
Graeme Le Saux|Personally, I need a high level of physical fitness in order to feel at ease.
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|You and me, baby girl, we're too jaded. We just want mind-blowing sex with someone who knows we're fucked up and accepts it.
Hiroshi Sakurazaka, All You Need Is Kill 1|A window of opportunity might present itself in tomorrow's battle. The odds of that happening may be 0.1 percent, or even 0.01 percent, but if I could improve my combat skills even the slightest bit- if that window were to open even a crack- I'd find a way to force it open wide. If I could learn to jump every hurdle this little track meet of death threw at me, maybe someday I'll wake up in a world with a tomorrow.
James Comey|Until computers and robots make quantum advances, they basically remain adding machines: capable only of doing things in which all the variables are controlled and predictable.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|Whatever you do, don’t feel sorry for me. I know it’s the best you can do. Life hasn’t hit you in your perfect little bubble yet. Please don’t try to understand. Nobody can. No one knows what it’s like to be me, except others like me. You’re making me pissed. You’re making me feel bad. Stop reminding me that I have no life. I don’t care about your prom. Yes, I know I haven’t talked to you in a while. NO, I’m not ignoring you, but it’s not exactly like you’ve been calling me either. I just haven’t been feeling well lately. I’m tired and my body is aching all over. It’s hurting all the time. I can barely move when it rains, and some days I just don’t want to do anything. SHUT UP.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|I believe that the place where an animal dies is a sacred one. There is a need to bring ritual into the conventional slaughter plants and use as a means to shape people's behavior. It would help prevent people from becoming numbed, callous, or cruel. The ritual could be something very simple, such as a moment of silence. In addition to developing better designs and making equipment to insure the humane treatments of all animals, that would be my contribution.
Rick Cochran|You may not have money, you may not have medicine, you may not have miracles, but you do have words, and they can produce life, or death depending on how you use them.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Put in the bluntest possible terms, what I discovered was that the U.S. secret intelligence community was collecting only information it considered secret, while ignoring the eighty to ninety percent of the information in the world, in all languages, that was not secret.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Love, Motherhood and Revolution|MOMBIE - noun - Suffers from forgetfulness, fatigue, exhaustion, moodiness, sleeplessness, confusion and moments of insanity!Has difficulty eating or drinking anything while it’s still hot and peeing alone.
Roopleen|The height of your achievements is determined by the depth of your self-belief, the strength of your resolve and the intensity of your efforts.
Robert Clear, The Cambridge List|Whenever Elliot Norther’s wife was nervous she baked. With the murder of Harriet Mason, her husband’s close colleague at the Faculty, she had been unable to resist a couple of Victoria sponges. During the frenzied press speculation about the identity of the murderer, a Dundee cake had appeared, followed swiftly by a Battenberg and a Lemon Drizzle. Since news of the Wildencrust murder broke, the kitchen, dining room and study had come to resemble the storerooms of an industrial bakery, every surface heaving with the weight of sponge and cream. Yesterday, having at last been overwhelmed by the fear and rumour that swept the town, she had taken herself off to her mother’s house in Hampstead, leaving her husband to soldier on alone. When he had last seen his wife, Elliot Norther noticed that she had been putting the finishing touches to an impressive, triple-tiered wedding cake, beating a batch of royal icing into a sickly paste.
Jocelyn  Murray, The Roman General: A Novel|It is not triumph which defines a man, but tragedy. Triumph always brings out the best in men, but tragedy shows us what we are made of.
M.V. Carey|Young people ask why I became a writer, as if it were something I decided. I didn't decide; it grew on me like ivy.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|And yet for aught I see, they are as sick that surfeit with too much as they that starve with nothing. It is no mean happiness, therefore, to be seated in the mean. Superfluity comes sooner by white hairs, but competency lives longer.
Michael Ende, Momo|The men in grey were powerless to meet this challenge head-on. Unable to detach the children from Momo by bringing them under their direct control, they had to find some roundabout means of achieving the same end, and for this they enlisted the children's elders. Not all grown-ups made suitable accomplices, of course, but plenty did. [....] 'Something must be done,' they said. 'More and more kids are being left on their own and neglected. You can't blame us - parents just don't have the time these days - so it's up to the authorities.' Others joined in the chorus. 'We can't have all these youngsters loafing around, ' declared some. 'They obstruct the traffic. Road accidents caused by children are on the increase, and road accidents cost money that could be put to better use.' 'Unsupervised children run wild, declared others.'They become morally depraved and take to crime. The authorities must take steps to round them up. They must build centers where the youngsters can be molded into useful and efficient members of society.' 'Children,' declared still others, 'are the raw material for the future. A world dependent on computers and nuclear energy will need an army of experts and technicians to run it. Far from preparing children from tomorrow's world, we still allow too many of them to squander years of their precious time on childish tomfoolery. It's a blot on our civilization and a crime against future generations.' The timesavers were all in favor of such a policy, naturally, and there were so many of them in the city by this time that they soon convinced the authorities of the need to take prompt action. Before long, big buildings known as 'child depots' sprang up in every neighborhood. Children whose parents were too busy to look after them had to be deposited there and could be collected when convenient. They were strictly forbidden to play in the streets or parks or anywhere else. Any child caught doing so was immediately carted off to the nearest depot, and its parents were heavily fined. None of Momo's friends escaped the new regulation. They were split up according to districts they came from and consigned to various child depots. Once there, they were naturally forbidden to play games of their own devising. All games were selected for them by supervisors and had to have some useful, educational purpose. The children learned these new games but unlearned something else in the process: they forgot how to be happy, how to take pleasure in the little things, and last but not least, how to dream. Weeks passed, and the children began to look like timesavers in miniature. Sullen, bored and resentful, they did as they were told. Even when left to their own devices, they no longer knew what to do with themselves. All they could still do was make a noise, but it was an angry, ill-tempered noise, not the happy hullabaloo of former times. The men in grey made no direct approach to them - there was no need. The net they had woven over the city was so close-meshed as to seem inpenetrable. Not even the brightest and most ingenious children managed to slip through its toils. The amphitheater remained silent and deserted.
Miguel Ángel Sáez Gutiérrez «Marino», Zori 1ª Parte|Never marry who doesn't love you,If you do it, your ordeal will turn into hell.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|There is no one Reality,There is only one's Perception.Love Never Fails.keep doing The Happy Dance
Roopa Farooki|My mind is not like a neat and tidy garden; it is a vast and untidy wilderness, full of irrelevancies, but with lots of places to wander and get lost.
Nurudeen Ushawu|If you love and care enough, you will give a lot, you will forgive a lot.
Howard Zinn|TO BE HOPEFUL in bad times is not just foolishly romantic. It is based on the fact that human history is a history not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness.What we choose to emphasize in this complex history will determine our lives. If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something. If we remember those times and places—and there are so many—where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act, and at least the possibility of sending this spinning top of a world in a different direction.And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand utopian future. The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.
Nancy Pelosi|Of course it's true: the public want to see young people - young people are the people who go to the cinema. It's a sad fact of life, but you've got to accept it and not whine about it.
Steve Jobs|Suicide is man's way of telling God, 'You can't fire me - I quit.'
Ben Bradlee|A moment from another world! Imagine a reporter dictating an exclusive story, a lead story, sourced from the President of the United States, from a telephone just off the White House dance floor to the strains of Lester Lanin's dance band.
Adolf Hitler, The speeches of Adolf Hitler, April 1922-August 1939|The German people in its whole character is not warlike, but rather soldierly, that is, while they do not want war, they are not frightened by the thoughts of it.
Sharon Creech, Walk Two Moons|Sometimes you know in your heart you love someone, but you have to go away before your head can figure it out.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Paranormal. It rolls off the tongue with such poetry but it means something like, beyond normal. There is nothing paranormal about magic. Magic is the norm. —Penny SweeneyMagic All Around
Anthony Liccione|Love has no fear, willing to take on anyone. But how much we fear love!
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|You think that you're in control of your life.Well, think again.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has only happened once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
Martin Luther, Luther and Calvin on Secular Authority|If anyone attempted to rule the world by the gospel and to abolish all temporal law and sword on the plea that all are baptized and Christian, and that, according to the gospel, there shall be among them no law or sword - or need for either - pray tell me, friend, what would he be doing? He would be loosing the ropes and chains of the savage wild beasts and letting them bite and mangle everyone, meanwhile insisting that they were harmless, tame, and gentle creatures; but I would have the proof in my wounds. Just so would the wicked under the name of Christian abuse evangelical freedom, carry on their rascality, and insist that they were Christians subject neither to law nor sword, as some are already raving and ranting.To such a one we must say: Certainly it is true that Christians, so far as they themselves are concerned, are subject neither to law nor sword, and have need of neither. But take heed and first fill the world with real Christians before you attempt to rule it in a Christian and evangelical manner. This you will never accomplish; for the world and the masses are and always will be unchristian, even if they are all baptized and Christian in name. Christians are few and far between (as the saying is). Therefore, it is out of the question that there should be a common Christian government over the whole world, or indeed over a single country or any considerable body of people, for the wicked always outnumber the good. Hence, a man who would venture to govern an entire country or the world with the gospel would be like a shepherd who should put together in one fold wolves, lions, eagles, and sheep, and let them mingle freely with one another, saying, “Help yourselves, and be good and peaceful toward one another. The fold is open, there is plenty of food. You need have no fear of dogs and clubs.” The sheep would doubtless keep the peace and allow themselves to be fed and governed peacefully, but they would not live long, nor would one beast survive another.For this reason one must carefully distinguish between these two governments. Both must be permitted to remain; the one to produce righteousness, the other to bring about external peace and prevent evil deeds. Neither one is sufficient in the world without the other. No one can become righteous in the sight of God by means of the temporal government, without Christ's spiritual government. Christ's government does not extend over all men; rather, Christians are always a minority in the midst of non-Christians. Now where temporal government or law alone prevails, there sheer hypocrisy is inevitable, even though the commandments be God's very own. For without the Holy Spirit in the heart no one becomes truly righteous, no matter how fine the works he does. On the other hand, where the spiritual government alone prevails over land and people, there wickedness is given free rein and the door is open for all manner of rascality, for the world as a whole cannot receive or comprehend it. 
Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader|Miranda opened her eyes in time to see the sunrise. A wash of violent color, pink and streaks of brilliant orange, the container ships on the horizon suspended between the blaze of the sky and the water aflame, the seascape bleeding into confused visions of Station Eleven, its extravagant sunsets the its indigo sea. The lights of the fleet fading into morning, the ocean burning into sky.
David Grann, Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBI|President Trump is doing a great job of demonstrating how mean the rich can be to the poor, sick and elderly.
Savi Sharma, Everyone Has A Story|Reporters are not scientific. They do not follow scientific methods. They write to sell, not to educate. The scientist is not concerned with what sells. He is concerned with the truth. He undertakes years of painstaking study to arrive at an understanding of intricate natural processes that most people could never presume to comprehend . You would do well to listen to science and ignore the nonsense that is printed in the newspapers. Because I can tell you right now - radium has nothing to do with what's ailing you.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see
Charles Bukowski|The nights you fight best arewhen all the weapons are pointed at you,when all the voices hurl their insultswhile the dream is being strangled.The nights you fight best arewhen reason gets kicked in the gut,when the chariots of gloom encircle you.The nights you fight best arewhen the laughter of fools fills the air,when the kiss of death is mistaken for love.The nights you fight best arewhen the game is fixed,when the crowd screams for your blood.The nights you fight best areon a night like thisas you chase a thousand dark rats from your brain,as you rise up against the impossible,as you become a brother to the tender sister of joyand move on regardless.
William R. Catton Jr|If and when our civilization comes to ruin, the destructive agent will be Science; man's knowledge of science, applied to warfare, meaning slaughter not only of human bodies, but of human institutions, of all we have created through the centuries.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|Om is the things, Om is the ingredient, Om is the container and the content of this universe.
Tom Hiddleston|When you were too young and naïve to see the risks, I incurred your wrath to protect you. Scream at me for it if you must. Thank me for it when you finally grow up.
Albert Einstein, Autobiographical Notes|… there are no arbitrary constants ... nature is so constituted that it is possible logically to lay down such strongly determined laws that within these laws only rationally determined constants occur (not constants, therefore, whose numerical value could be changed without destroying the theory).
Travie McCoy|History is not everything, but it is a starting point. History is a clock that people use to tell their political and cultural time of day. It is a compass they use to find themselves on the map of human geography. It tells them where they are but, more importantly, what they must be.
Courtney Allison Moulton, Angelfire|Now for God's sake, will you two start behaving like a princess and a Courier?" Halt told them. "If you don't, I'll have to think about sending Will home.''Me?' Will said, his voice breaking into a high-pitched squeak of indignation. 'What's it got to do with me?''It's all your fault!' Halt shouted irrationally.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.
Swami Vivekananda|It can have a secular purpose and have a relationship to God because God was presumed to be both over the state and the church, and separation of church and state was never meant to separate God from government.
Mother Teresa|In light of heaven, the worst suffering on earth, a life full of the most atrocious tortures on earth, will be seen to be no more serious than one night in an inconvenient hotel.
Dale Ludwig|He used a minimum of words and no inflection whatsoever. It was a policeman's manner of speaking, direct and unadorned.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Paradise” is a suffering word, grossly overused and ineptly devalued in everyday hype and blurb. Yet, tired as it is, it will have to do. Nothing else conveys that sense of place that can inspire a blissful contentment.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|There are trials in life that feel as tremendous as a quest to slay dragons. These trials are daunting. They require hard work, determination, and courage. But when the dragon is finally slain, the relief is immense.
Mrs. Charles E. Cowman, Streams in the Desert|Christ sometimes delays His help so He may test our faith and energize our prayers. Our boat may be tossed by the waves while he continues to sleep, but He will awake before it sinks.
Debajani Mohanty, The Curse of Damini|In order to protect the honour of her motherland, she had betrayed the trust of her mother.
Colm Toibin|There are one or two very good women military historians who use imagination, great study and research; they can put themselves in the boots of the soldier.
Steve Martin|My whole life has been basically trying to find intelligent students or, you know, highly motivated students and giving them an opportunity to do good science.
H.L. Mencken, Minority Report|It is often argued that religion is valuable because it makes men good, but even if this were true it would not be a proof that religion is true. That would be an extension of pragmatism beyond endurance. Santa Claus makes children good in precisely the same way, and yet no one would argue seriously that the fact proves his existence. The defense of religion is full of such logical imbecilities. The theologians, taking one with another, are adept logicians, but every now and then they have to resort to sophistries so obvious that their whole case takes on an air of the ridiculous. Even the most logical religion starts out with patently false assumptions. It is often argued in support of this or that one that men are so devoted to it that they are willing to die for it. That, of course, is as silly as the Santa Claus proof. Other men are just as devoted to manifestly false religions, and just as willing to die for them. Every theologian spends a large part of his time and energy trying to prove that religions for which multitudes of honest men have fought and died are false, wicked, and against God.
Andy Warhol|At some point in every person's life, you will need an assisted medical device - whether it's your glasses, your contacts, or as you age and you have a hip replacement or a knee replacement or a pacemaker. The prosthetic generation is all around us.
Roy  Bennett|Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude. Happiness is in your mind, not in the circumstance.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|Anything you say at this point cannot be trusted. You know I am well and truly angry, so you are in the grip of fear. This means I cannot trust any word you say, as it comes from fear. You are clever, and charming, and a liar. I know you can bend the world with your words. So I will not listen.
Chinua Achebe|No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into a jail; for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the chance of being drowned... a man in a jail has more room, better food, and commonly better company.
Katie Holmes|Do not trust the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you or I were going to be hanged.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What if, tomorrow is your last day on earth? Think!
Geoffrey Zakarian|We don't have parades for mathematicians, we have parades for astronauts. You don't think about all the thousands of people who worked on that capsule and crunched the numbers and were integral in getting that into space.
Neil Gaiman, Unnatural Creatures|Fire and IceSome say the world will end in fire,Some say in ice.From what I’ve tasted of desireI hold with those who favor fire.But if it had to perish twice,I think I know enough of hateTo say that for destruction iceIs also greatAnd would suffice.
Murray N. Rothbard|A term like capitalism is incredibly slippery, because there's such a range of different kinds of market economies. Essentially, what we've been debating over—certainly since the Great Depression—is what percentage of a society should be left in the hands of a deregulated market system. And absolutely there are people that are at the far other end of the spectrum that want to communalize all property and abolish private property, but in general the debate is not between capitalism and not capitalism, it's between what parts of the economy are not suitable to being decided by the profit motive. And I guess that comes from being Canadian, in a way, because we have more parts of our society that we've made a social contract to say, 'That's not a good place to have the profit motive govern.' Whereas in the United States, that idea is kind of absent from the discussion. So even something like firefighting—it seems hard for people make an argument that maybe the profit motive isn't something we want in the firefighting sector, because you don't want a market for fire. 
Patrick Ness|I hold on to the nape of Morpheus’s neck, burying my face in his jacket. Nikki and Chessie burrow into my hair. I inhale Morpheus’s scent. It’s the only thing I recognize, the only thing that’s safe.He carries me back to the well-lit room and sets me gently on the table. I can’t stop trembling. My throat aches from holding back sobs.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|There are always two deaths, the real one and the one people know about.
Kamala Markandaya, Nectar in a Sieve|The old tales of China tell us that all things may grow and change. A stone may become a plant. A plant may become an animal. An animal may become a human. A human may become a god.Just so, a snake may become a woman. And we are told of one who did.
Isabella Rossellini|When they told me my new-born babe was a girl, my heart was heavier than it had ever been before. Slavery is terrible for men; but it is far more terrible for women.
Laleh Khadivi|I would clarify regarding these verses as God mentioned in some Swras. In Swra of Al-Nisaa verse 15 says { And those who come to the obscene of your wives, testify four witnesses among you{believers in God}, if they testified keep them in the house till death or the God make a path for themIn the Swra Al-Israa verse 32 God says {Do not get close to fornication it is an obscene and a bad path}In the Swra Al-noor verse 2 God says {The adulterers female and male whip each of them a hundred whips and do not mercy them in the religion of God if you are believers in God and the end day let some believers to testify their punishment {2} the male adulterer only comet sexual intercourse with female adulterer or polytheists and the female adulterer only comet sexual intercourse with male adulterer or polytheists and that prohibited for believers{3} and those who accuse chaste woman and do not provide four witnesses whip them eighty whips and do not accept their testimony ever and those are the defiantly disobedient{4} only those who repent after that and reformed God is forgiven and merciful{5} And those who accuse their wives and do not have any witnesses their testifying will be four testimonies by God as he is honest{6} And the fifth {oath and testimony by God} a curse of God on him if he was not honest(7) And the punishment will not occur on her if she gives four testimonies by God that the man is a liar(8) And the fifth (fifth time giving testimony by God) the anger of God will be on her if he was an honest . Dear brothers and sisters in the God’s regulation there is not the punishment by stoning till death {hitting by stone} the punishment for married or unmarried is one hundred lashes although a group of believers in God have to be present and witness their punishment. The clarification has been made by Kamaran Ihsan Salih on 11/07/2017
Blanche Ebbutt, Don'ts for Wives|Don't brood; that way madness lies. Don't hesitate, if you catch yourself brooding, to 'take a day off' in the best way you can. Go out and gossip with your friend; get to a theatre where there is a play that will make you laugh; or try a concert or a cinema show - anything that will take you out of yourself. Take the brooding habit in time before it gets too strong a hold of you.
Criss Jami, Healology|Character that is fruit-producing can be summed up in the mastery of these 5 qualities: morals, but a sense of humor; love, but respect for criticism; intelligence without pretense; humility without self-loathing; and a mind open, but with solid convictions.
Charles de Lint|I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati|Home is, I suppose just a child's idea. A house at night, and a lamp in the house. A place to feel safe.
Pooja Ruprell|Be thankful for all you gain. Be thankful for what you lose, too. Find a reason each day to celebrate your life.
Oscar Wilde|Even in the tough times, He's still a good God.
H.P. Lovecraft|There is in certain ancient things a traceOf some dim essence --More than form or weight;A tenuous aether, indeterminate,Yet linked with all the laws of time and space.A faint, veiled sign of continuitiesThat outward eyes can never quite descry;Of locked dimensions harboring years gone by,And out of reach except for hidden keys.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Amidst the whole peril in the world, here’s why you’re still alive–to find your purpose. Your purpose will ignite hope in others.
Bette Midler|My mother inspired me to treat others as I would want to be treated regardless of age, race or financial status.
Justin Timberlake|Usually, the fairy tale ends with the girl marrying the prince. But mine started as soon as the marriage was over.
Powers Boothe|The music of ABBA is not that happy. It might sound happy, in some strange way, but deep within, it's not happy music. It has that Nordic melancholic feeling to it. What fools you is the girls' voices. You know, I do think that is one of the secrets about ABBA. Even when we were really quite sad, we always sounded jubilant.
Roberto Bolaño, By Night in Chile|As time goes by, as time goes by, the whip-crack of the years, the precipice of illusions, the ravine that swallows up all human endeavour except the struggle to survive.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|because he had no place he could stay in without getting tired of it and because there was nowhere to go but everywhere, keep rolling under the stars...
William Faulkner, Essays, Speeches & Public Letters|We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it.
David Arquette|If somebody had told me when I was in graduate school, 'Brian, in 35 years you'll get a chance to fly the first commercial spacecraft with no computers,' I'd have said, 'I don't think so. People are not going to be that stupid.'
Natascha Kampusch, 3,096 Days|And for a second, just for a second I forget. I forget that this isn't real.
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|I suppose she's right. It's like a metaphor for life: No one wants an ornery old goat, but we can't resist opening the door ayway. We can't keep from hoping.
James Baldwin|He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.
Christian Simamora, With You|Brooke stared in surprise. “You brought me lunch?”“I was in the neighborhood.”She checked out the label on the bag. “DMK is twenty minutes from here.”“I was in that neighborhood, and now I’m here,” he said in exasperation. “Seriously, woman, you are impossible to feed.” He strode over and set the bag on her desk. “One cheeseburger with spicy chipotle ketchup and a side of sweet potato fries—chosen specifically for a certain spicy and sweet girl I know—and a green dill pickle for your eyes. So there.” He crossed his arms over his chest.Brooke studied him. “You seem very ornery right now.”“As a matter of fact, I am.”“Why?”“I don’t know,” he huffed. “Just . . . eat your Brooke Burger. Stop asking so many questions. Sometimes a guy just wants to buy a girl lunch. Any objections to that? Good. Enjoy your Sunday, Ms. Parker.”He strode out of her office, gone as quickly as he’d appeared.Brooke stared at the doorway and blinked.
John M Sheehan|When you look at the beautiful sunset, you feel as if you are falling in love. Maybe all over again.
N.T. Wright, The Challenge of Easter|You are following Jesus and shaping our world in the power of the Spirit. And when the final consummation comes, the work that you have done - whether in Bible study or biochemistry, whether in preaching or in pure mathematics, whether in digging ditches or in composing symphonies - will stand, will last.The fact that we live between, so to speak, the beginning of the End and the end of the End, should enable us to come to terms with our vocation to be for the world that Jesus was for Israel, and in the power of the Spirit to forgive and retain sins.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|For in marriage a little licence, a little independence there mustbe between people living together day in day out in the same house; which Richard gave her, and shehim.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred And Profane Memories Of Captain Charles Ryder|No one could really hate a saint, could they? They can't really hate God either. When they want to Hate Him and His saints they have to find something like themselves and pretends it's God and hate that.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Take off that coat,' he told him.'Sir?''You heard me.'The boy slipped out of his jacket, whining, 'What you gonna do? What I'm gonna wear?'The man untied the baby from her chest and wrapped it in the boy's coat, knotting the sleeves in front.'What I'm gonna wear?'The old man sighed and, after a pause, said, 'You want it back then go head and take it off that baby. Put the baby naked in the grass and put your coat back on. And if you can do it, then go on 'way somewhere and don't come back.
Noormohammad Bhuayan|No matter the terrible fighting and shooting in the desert, the riffle fires can never dry the oasis.
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|But guys like Mason McCarthy stayed glued to your brain long after they had left you behind. They charmed their way into your heart and pants with their smooth words and sinister good looks and then ditched you the second you were deemed old news.Still, I wanted him. That was the scariest part—not his assumed womanizing, not that he could disrupt my life and tear my heart into tiny pieces, but that I would let him.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|All along, I was less concerned about walking a path of integrity and more caught up in a compass calibrated by greed. And with a compass such as this, how is it that I’m having a hard time understanding why I am where I am?
Charles Lindbergh|Human judges can show mercy. But against the laws of nature, there is no appeal.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May God’s grace awaken the heart of writing in my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita.
Nicolas Roeg|I had a lot of trouble with engineers, because their whole background is learning from a functional point of view, and then learning how to perform that function.
Gaia Servadio, Renaissance Woman|This was the end of the Renaissance. Culture, once beloved and fostered by the papacy, opened the way to dangerous freedom. Then - as now - knowledge, culture, intellectual curiosity became suspect, even dangerous to oppressive regimes: knowledge leading to engaging the mind into reasoning, culture into wanting to know more, intellectual curiosity sharpening the appetite for information, fact. Ignorance was considered safe and political oppression went hand in hand with the congregation of the Inquisition.
Saul Alinsky|It's always the small people who change things. It's never the politicians or the big guys. I mean, who pulled down the Berlin wall? It was all the people in the streets. The specialists didn't have a clue the day before.
Tim Minchin|Arts degrees are awesome. And they help you find meaning where there is none. And let me assure you, there is none. Don’t go looking for it. Searching for meaning is like searching for a rhyme scheme in a cookbook: you won’t find it and you’ll bugger up your soufflé.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love? How many days will you do that? Have you ever thought about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decide to leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once, How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will you ever get that part of you back?
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|Marion's town slogan was "Where Main Street Meets Mountain." That was one of the reasons she'd loved the town, with the nearby woods, its colorful shops, and the feeling that time hadn't touched it the way it had the cities.
Alan Ball|The idea of celibate vampires is ridiculous. To me, vampires are sex. I don't get a vampire story about abstinence. I don't care about high school students. I find them irritating and uninformed.
Franklin Foer, How Soccer Explains the World|Soccer isn't the same as Bach or Buddhism. But it is often more deeply felt than religion, and just as much a part of the community's fabric, a repository of traditions.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The difference between living your life and simply existing is having the ability to think for yourself, then accepting that you are where you are because of the decisions you’ve made.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Meditation is to be aware of every thought and of every feeling, never to say it is right or wrong but just to watch it and move with it. In that watching you begin to understand the whole movement of thought and feeling. And out of this awareness comes silence. Silence put together by thought is stagnation, is dead, but the silence that comes when thought has understood its own beginning, the nature of itself, understood how all thought is never free but always old - this silence is meditation in which the meditator is entirely absent, for the mind has emptied itself of the past.
Christie Blatchford, Life Sentence: Stories from Four Decades of Court Reporting -- or, How I Fell Out of Love with the Canadian Justice System|Social media became a show off world , for people who really have nothing to show for it .Directionless individuals, influencing people who cant think for themselves... ''Tare Munzara
Mark F.  LaMoure|You get a confident: "Can Do Attitude," by practicing to be excellent. Since you earn success by being determined, higher willpower is also earned, too. Raise yourself to excellence by writing your goals and working hard on them. Drive yourself to success.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|I killed it," Athan lamented. "I am a fool." His righteous anger, his arguments, his adoration for the being who claimed Eldaloth's name faded and disintegrated with all the suffering life behind him. A poisonous dread seeped as deep into his soul as the exultant honor and pride he had felt just minutes before. The vast gap between the two emotions a crater into which his very soul plummeted in free-fall.
Rod Blagojevich|The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
John Cena|My dad was a slightly stricter version of Richard Dawkins. The worldview was that there are idiots out there who believe in Santa Claus and fairies and magic and elves, and we're not joining that nonsense.
Juliette Cross, Waking the Dragon|Funny thing about fear. When you cling to it, the fear grows exponentially, a monster morphing into a suffocating mass. But when you face it head-on, conquering the beast before it swallows you whole, you find there was nothing there to fear at all. The chains break, and the whole world feels lighter than ever before.
Carol Shields, Jane Austen: A Life|This marriage had resulted from impulse: he had seen her on a high-flying swing at Tsarkoe Selo and her skirt, flared by the breeze, had exposed her ankles; he had proposed the following day.
George Orwell, Why I Write|All writers are vain, selfish, and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives there lies a mystery. Writing a book is a horrible, exhausting struggle, like a long bout of some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven on by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand. For all one knows that demon is simply the same instinct that makes a baby squall for attention. And yet it is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Hence it is a superficial view (which presumably has never seen a person in despair, not even one’s own self) when it is said of a man in despair, "He is consuming himself." For precisely this it is he despairs of, and to his torment it is precisely this he cannot do, since by despair fire has entered into something that cannot burn, or cannot burn up, that is, into the self.
Gloria Steinem|Philosophy finds it an easy matter to vanquish past and future evils, but the present are commonly too hard for it.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|The Australian Aboriginal cave paintings, from this period, are the first hints of religion that humans have as proof of religious behaviour. The caves in which the paintings are found date to 50,000 years ago through forensic geology and carbon dating. Most of the images found in their religious stories and ceremonies are depicted in these caves. We also have confirmation from the aborigines themselves that these images are their religious images. These paintings also are likely to be significant evidence for linking the use of Amanita Muscaria to its use 50,000 years ago. This is because 50,000 years ago was when humanity entered Australia and also because Amanita Muscaria produces religious like experiences.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|Part of me would just like to relax and have one job that pays me the amount I need to survive. And another part of me wants the creativity that comes out of struggle and frustration and fear. It's a never-ending cycle, which must be how I want it, on some level.
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|The the uncertainty was dispelled and the melancholy lifted as he saw a familiar stocky figure moving near one of the tents. "Halt!" he cried out gladly, and a slight pressure with his knees set Tug galloping through the deserted Gathering site. The dog, caught by surprise, barked once, then shot in pursuit like an arrow from a bow. The grim-faced Ranger straightened from the fire at the sound of his former student's voice. He stood, hands on hips and a frown on his face as Will and Tug careered toward him. But inside, there was a lightening of his heart that he never failed to feel when in Will's company. Not for the first time, the realization hit Halt that Will was no longer a mere boy. No one wore the Silver Oakleaf if he hadn't proven himself to be worthy. Despite himself, he felt a surge of pride.
M.F. Moonzajer|Appreciate her beauty, love her uniqueness and respect her reality.
Adam Kirsch|Once a poet calls his myth a myth, he prevents the reader from treating it as a reality; we use the word 'myth' only for stories we ourselves cannot believe.
Taisen Deshimaru|Most women go through life looking for love, and looking for someone to treat them like a queen. For some women finding real love seems to be something that will never happen. I believe that finding love is not as hard as people make it seem. The reason that some women can't find real love is because they look for more than just real love. A lot of women know what they need in a relationship, and thats for a man to love that woman with all of his heart, and to treat her real good. Most women have guys in their life or guys that try to get with them that could really love them and treat them real good. Those are usually the guys that get forced into that friend zone or rejected upfront. See those guys could give them what they need, but not what they want. “Wants” can be anything from a woman wanting a man to have certain materialistic things, or she could want him to look a certain way, those are a few examples of the things that some of them want, but they vary depending on the female. What some females don't understand is that none of the things that they want has anything with love or how that person will treat you. You could find a man that looks perfect, has a house and car, he can be a college graduate with a good job, and you could still end up being with a person that doesn't truly love you, and will treat you like shit. What I am trying to say is that the person who could treat you good and really love you could already be in your life, but you could have been blinded by the things you want in a man so you overlooked the person that you were really looking for. And by the way there are men that do the same thing; I just wanted to be clear on that.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|My anger was on a rise, when suddenly her eyelids fell. Her lips flexed and again relaxed to shower me with a smile that calmed me down in seconds.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|How could he convey to someone who'd never even met her the way she always smelled like rain, or how his stomach knotted up every time he saw her shake loose her hair from its braid? How could he describe how it felt when she finished his sentences, turnec the mug they were sharing so that her mouth landed where his had been? How did he explain the way they could be in a locker room, or underwater, or in the piney woods of Maine, bus as long as Em was with him, he was at home?
Sebastian Thrun|Creating whole departments of ethnic, gender, and other 'studies' was part of the price of academic peace. All too often, these 'studies' are about propaganda rather than serious education.
Dennis C. Blair|But every time our ability to access information and to communicate it to others is improved, in some sense we have achieved an increase over natural intelligence.
Benyf, 11.11.11 After so Many Years of Tears: Letters to My Distant Soul-Mate|Polygamy simply says, “You are not enough.
Thomas Kail|One of the challenges of being a director is often you don't get to work with your peers. You know, writers can write together, and as a director you get to work with so many wonderful actors and writers and designers. But it's pretty rare that you get a chance to partner in that way with another director.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Far over the misty mountains coldTo dungeons deep and caverns oldWe must away ere break of dayTo seek the pale enchanted gold.The dwarves of yore made mighty spells,While hammers fell like ringing bellsIn places deep, where dark things sleep,In hollow halls beneath the fells.For ancient king and elvish lordThere many a gleaming golden hoardThey shaped and wrought, and light they caughtTo hide in gems on hilt of sword.On silver necklaces they strungThe flowering stars, on crowns they hungThe dragon-fire, in twisted wireThey meshed the light of moon and sun.Far over the misty mountains coldTo dungeons deep and caverns oldWe must away, ere break of day,To claim our long-forgotten gold.Goblets they carved there for themselvesAnd harps of gold; where no man delvesThere lay they long, and many a songWas sung unheard by men or elves.The pines were roaring on the height,The wind was moaning in the night.The fire was red, it flaming spread;The trees like torches blazed with light.The bells were ringing in the daleAnd men looked up with faces pale;The dragon's ire more fierce than fireLaid low their towers and houses frail.The mountain smoked beneath the moon;The dwarves, they heard the tramp of doom.They fled their hall to dying fallBeneath his feet, beneath the moon.Far over the misty mountains grimTo dungeons deep and caverns dimWe must away, ere break of day,To win our harps and gold from him!
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Do not believe anything merely because you are told it is so, because others believe it, because it comes from Tradition, or because you have imagined it. Do not believe what your teacher tells you merely out of respect. Believe, take for your doctrine, and hold true to that, which, after serious investigation, seems to you to further the welfare of all beings. (47)
Lisa Marie Presley|We gave up some of our country to the white men, thinking that then we could have peace. We were mistaken. The white man would not let us alone.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|One of the speaking programs I deliver is entitled, "Service with a Smile . . . How to Create a Sensational Customer Experience." Smiling is at the heart of my teaching because when employees smile while delivering service, it tells the guest/client/customer . . . You matter.You are important.We are glad you are here.We appreciate your business.
Bryan Stevenson|Maybe it's not about being worthy, or what you have to offer. If it was, wouldn't everyone be turned away?" -Niall
Andre Dubus, Meditations from a Movable Chair|A story can always break into pieces while it sits inside a book on a shelf; and, decades after we have read it even twenty times, it can open us up, by cut or caress, to a new truth.
Unknown|America is polarized and divided beyond repair unless we renew our conviction that the health of our nation comes first. That we concentrate on repairing not only our stressed infrastructure, but also our people. Free or reasonably priced education beyond secondary school is more than a political issue; it is the primary solution to our nation’s long term problems.” Captain Hank Bracker
Jim Powell|I do not think that illegal plunder, such as theft or swindling — which the penal code defines, anticipates, and punishes — can be called socialism. It is not this kind of plunder that systematically threatens the foundations of society. Anyway, the war against this kind of plunder has not waited for the command of these gentlemen. The war against illegal plunder has been fought since the beginning of the world. Long before the Revolution of February 1848 — long before the appearance even of socialism itself — France had provided police, judges, gendarmes, prisons, dungeons, and scaffolds for the purpose of fighting illegal plunder. The law itself conducts this war, and it is my wish and opinion that the law should always maintain this attitude toward plunder.
Stanley Kunitz, The Collected Poems|So from now on, screw "perfect." Forget for a while about what kind of person you want to be, and just be the best version of the person you are. Figure out which of your classmates you genuinely like (not who you want to like you), and get to know them by telling your own stories and listening to theirs. Hang out with the people you think are cool, not the people you'd like to be considered cool by. Do things because they interest you, not because they make you look interesting... and then, take stock in a month and see whether you're not happier, healthier, and working on some actual friendships with other imperfect-but-lovely humans.
Khadija Rupa|a walk is only a step away from a story, and every path tells.
Jack D. Zipes, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|He looks up at me with watery eyes and asks, "How can you, of all people, say everything will be all right?"He has a point. I consider my answer. "Well, it's better than saying 'Keep on crying, I'm sure things will just get worse,' right?
Mona Eltahawy, Headscarves and Hymens: Why the Middle East Needs a Sexual Revolution|Misogyny has not been completely wiped out anywhere. Rather, it resides on a spectrum, and our best hope for eradicating it globally is for each of us to expose and to fight against local versions of it, in the understanding that by doing so we advance the global struggle.
P. Wish, The Doppelgänger|What is death but descending into a dark, eternal sleep?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you hide honey in the dark, bees will still find it.
Liz Hester, IgnitingYOU: How 52 Weeks of Inspiration and Action Can Lead You to Your Dreams|I can do what I dream of doing, one breath and one step at a time.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|Yes, Eleanor loathed herself and yet required praise, which she then never believed.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Garden of Forking Paths|Life's full of events - they occur and you adjust, you roll and move on. But at some point you realize some events are actually developments. You realize there's a big plan out there you know nothing about, and a development is a first step in that new direction. Sometimes things feel like big-time developmens but in time you adjust, you find a new way and realize they didn't throw you off course, they didn't change you. They were just events. The tricky part is telling the difference between the two.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|It's a cruel, ironical art, photography. The dragging of captured moments into the future; moments that should have been allowed to evaporate with the past, should exist only in memories glimpsed through the fog of events that came after. Photography forces us to see people before their future weighed down on them. Before they knew their endings.
Teresa of Ávila|Untilled ground, however rich, will bring forth thistles and thorns; so also the mind of man.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Protector|Worldly possessions didn't matter much to him, but his freedom did. He could come and go as he pleased, with nothing more than the backpack underneath his seat. It was a simple existence for a simple man.
Jay Leno|Shoot, I must have lived such a doggoned sheltered life as a normal, independent American up there in the Last Frontier, schooled with only public education and a lowly state university degree, because obviously I haven't learned enough to dismiss common sense.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Once you make the requisite personal commitment to make your success deliberate, that commitment must translate into a definition of higher personal standards meant to depict the true impression of what you have become or are becoming within.
Mark David Henderson, The Soul of Atlas|But this is your home''Not any longer, my poppet. Women make nests but men make bequests and scatter them. Heigh-ho!
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I counsel you, put down in record even your doubts and surmises. Hereafter it may be of interest to you to see how true you guess. We learn from failure, not from success.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|If you keep pushing away the ones who are trying to love you, eventually, they'll stop trying.
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|Most of us, at some time or other, get sucked into the lifeless vacuum of work; the cogs of the corporate machine that we keep turning until one day, when we depart this Earth, we may earn the word ‘lubricant’ on our headstone.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|I suggested then that the prize was not given merely as recognition of past achievement, but also as recognition, a more profound recognition, that the nonviolent way, the American Negro's way, was the answer to the crucial political and moral question of our time: the need for man to overcome oppression and violence without resorting to violence and oppression.
Nancy Ring|We learn much by tribulation, and by adversity our hearts are made better. -Bishop Milton Wright to Orville Wright, 20 Sept. 1908
Amit Kalantri|Stop living the life with possibilities and probabilities, live the life with certainties.
Roger Ascham|He that will write well in any tongue, must follow this counsel of Aristotle, to speak as the common people do, to think as wise men do: and so should every man understand him, and the judgment of wise men allow him.
Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy|Those ancients who in poetry presented the golden age, who sang its happy state,perhaps, in their Parnassus, dreamt this place. Here, mankind's root was innocent; and herewere every fruit and never-ending spring; these streams--the nectar of which poets sing.
Francois Hollande|Money you won't need to use for at least seven years is money for investing. The goal here is to have your account grow over time to help you finance a distant goal, such as building a retirement fund. Since your goal is in the future, money for investing belongs in stocks.
James Lankford|Most of Planned Parenthood's work focuses on health care for low-income women: things like screenings for breast cancer and diabetes, and family planning.
Gayle Forman, Just One Night|Goodbye, master, my dear! Forgive your Sam. He'll come back to this spot when the job's done - if he manages it. And then he'll not leave you again. Rest you quiet till I come; and may no foul creature come anigh you! And if the Lady could hear me and give me one wish, I would wish to come back and find you again. Good bye!
Bethany Hamilton|What makes your life rainy or sunny is your attitude towards life, not the attitude of life towards you!
Morris R. Gates|We should not look for more in others,Rather find more within ourselves
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Luxury life is good if everyman living on earth can benefit from it! Otherwise, it is injustice!
Joyce Carol Oates, Wild Nights!: Stories About the Last Days of Poe, Dickinson, Twain, James, and Hemingway|Every man has a weakness," he patiently explained. "I'll find theirs, I promise you.""Every man?""Yes," he answered emphatically.His hand moved to the back of her neck. Twisting her curls around his fist, he jerked her head back. His face loomed over hers, his breath warm and sweet as he stared down into her eyes."What is your weakness, Brodick?" she asked."You.
Rachel Higginson, Fearless Magic|If there were only success in your life, you would not learn anything. Leadership is experience and you are still young. You still have much to learn about our people and war; it should not come easy to you. If it did, you would be robbed of life's most valuable teacher.
Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead|You had this all planned, didn’t you?' I accused. 'Thought you could come in here and seduce me like you do everyone else?' It wasn’t as if I could be angry, lying atop him as I was, but I tried.
Kiersten White, Illusions of Fate|Yeah,” Tamara said. “An old bowling alley. There must be a town not too far from here. But how could Aaron be there? And don’t say something like ‘working on his score’ or ‘maybe he’s in a bowling league’ or something like that. Be serious.”Call leaned against the rough bark of a nearby tree and resisted the urge to sit down. He was afraid he wouldn’t be able to get up again. “I’m serious. It might be hard to tell in the dark, but I have my most super-serious face on.
Alasdair MacIntyre, Edith Stein: A Philosophical Prologue, 1913-1922|Imprisoning philosophy within the professionalizations and specializations of an institutionalized curriculum, after the manner of our contemporary European and North American culture, is arguably a good deal more effective in neutralizing its effects than either religious censorship or political terror
Jane Goodall|Do it now even-though your Lazy mind says, Will do later
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|He loves me. But I love you. But you love her. It’s always that way, isn’t it? You’re willing to wait for her just like I’m willing to wait for you… just like he’s willing to wait for me. Someday, we all might turn around and realize what we had in front of us all along. Someday, we might not.But until then, we’re all stuck at waiting.
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|Alcohol's a depressant, it will let me down later.
Mitt Romney|My view is that marriage is a relationship between a man and a woman. That's the position I've had for some time, and I don't intend to make any adjustments at this point... Or ever, by the way.
Summer Sanders|I'm not sure how young kids get to the point where they're memorizing and knowing songs, but I knew the words to 'Missing You' from John Waite probably from when I was three years old. For whatever reason, that was the song that I gravitated toward when it was on the radio and I was driving around with my mom.
John Grogan|Yesterday in this country we had people die of hunger and malnutrition. In some parts of this country, the infant mortality rate rivals that of sub-Saharan Africa. We have a public education system that ranks below that of almost any other Western nation.
Rhys Ifans|I am aware how difficult is the task to preserve free institutions over so wide a space and so immense a population, but we are blessed with a Constitution admirably calculated to accomplish it. Its elastic power is unequaled, which is to be attributed to its federal character.
Muse|Lollypop...the passion contained merely kissesplaced upon lips, neck and cheekthese young lovers of the castleof which our fairytale speaks...
Marieta Maglas- Eschatological Regression|For a long time, Conor had known his father and Liam followed a stricter-than-average code, that their hate shone a little brighter than most, but until today, he’d never seen so clearly what fools they were and how blinded they’d become in their intolerance.
Ben Harper|I exercise, walk a lot, and break into the occasional trot. I also lift weights three days a week, and I like to read about what makes a good diet. Overall, I do follow a healthy lifestyle.
Anthony Liccione|It's hard to make things right for everyone.""But if everybody helped just one person, lots of people would get helped.
Hugo Chavez|People tend to put entertainers on pedestals. We're human beings, just like you. You may see us smiling, and whether we have money or not, we still have bills to pay, we still have our stresses. I think a lot of people want to focus on others' shortcomings to make themselves feel better. And it's a very sad thing.
John Berryman, The Dream Songs|During those years he met his seminars,went & lectured & read, talked with human beings,paid insurance & taxes;but his mind was not on it. his mind was elsewheresin an area where the soul not talks but sings& where foes are attacked with axes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry someone you can live with, and you have found your companion; marry someone you can’t live without, and you have found your soulmate.
Alexander McCall Smith, Love Over Scotland|International business, once allowed to stalk uncontrolled, killed the local, the small, the quirky.
Max Ehrmann|If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is there to hear it, doesn't it just lie there and rot?
Octavia E. Butler|Men are tested and tried amongst deceptions radically and they are winning for themselves abilities to give, to deliberate, to stand fast, to choose well, to discriminate.” “They are far from the 'automata' of the Universe some think them to be. They dance the starry path and are sharpening their knowledge with every orbit of each positive thought travelled.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him; The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones
Richard L. Evans|Any task in life is easier if we approach it with the one at a time attitude. ... To cite a whimsical saying; 'If you chase two rabbits, both of them will escape.' No one is adequate to do everything all at once. We have to select what is important, what is possible, and begin where we are, with what we have. And if we beginand if we keep going the weight, the worry, the doubt, the depression will begin to lift .... We can't do everything always, but we can do something now, and doing something will help to lift the weight and lessen the worry, 'The beginning,' said Plato, 'is the most important part.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Man lives in the house of nature. If he destroys the house, he shall be destroyed as well!
Mike White|In real life we don't know what's going to happen next. So how can you be that way on a stage? Being alive to the possibility of not knowing exactly how everything is going to happen next - if you can find places to have that happen onstage, it can resonate with an experience of living.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|But who is this self that is to be renounced and to have no benefit? It seems that *you* yourself are supposed to be it. And for whose benefit is unselfish self-renunciation recommended to you? Again, for *your* benefit and behoof, only through that unselfishness you are procuring your "true benefit." You are to benefit *yourself*, and yet you are not to seek *your* benefit
Sheri Holman, The Dress Lodger|Within the infant rind of this small flowerPoison hath residence and medicine power.For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part;Being tasted, stays all senses with the heart.Two such opposèd kings encamp them still,In man as well as herbs—grace and rude will. And where the worser is predominant,Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.(Inside the little rind of this weak flower, there is both poison and powerful medicine. If you smell it, you feel good all over your body. But if you taste it, you die. There are two opposite elements in everything, in men as well as in herbs—good and evil. When evil is dominant, death soon kills the body like cancer.) 
Alyse M. Gardner|I have loved many men, but only one in real life. All of the other men who have ever stolen my heart in more than friendship, are in books.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, The Mute's Soliloquy: a Memoir|My words, my writing, my actions—these have never been for myself alone, either directly or indirectly. There is no such thing as an artist who creates art only for himself. That is masturbation.
Marcus Garvey|The ends you serve that are selfish will take you no further than yourself but the ends you serve that are for all, in common, will take you into eternity.
S.C. Barrus, Discovering Aberration|Not another word, not another thought, not another sniffle. If you need to pass gas, I pray you'll clench your backside and keep walking until we are certainly alone.
Tim Holden|People are going to be living quite soon for 100 years. Our idea of how a family works no longer applies. It's no good saying you're going to have children for 15 years and then you're going to retire and have hobbies, because you've got 40 more years to go after 60 and you're in good health until 90 or something.
Dan Brown|God has entrusted us with his most precious treasure - people. He asks us to shepherd and mold them into strong disciples, with brave faith and good character.
Aerin Lauder|Well, I'll tell you something, this wedding is something that I will always, always cherish. It was a show of love and support and kindness like I'd never seen from the people, and that's who I entertain. I entertain the people.
Daniel Johns|In order that people who suffer from depression seek treatment without a second thought, the stigmas must further fall until we reach a point in time when that person with leukemia and that person with depression both receive the same level of sympathy and the same level of rigorous treatment. Both people deserve it.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I know, too, why she asked me not to forget her. Naoko herself knew, of course. She knew that my memories of her would fade. Which is precisely why she begged me never to forget her, to remember that she had existed. The thought fills me with an almost unbearable sorrow. Because Naoko never loved me.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|To knock today's prestige dialects off their pedestals, it helps to realize that they are really foul perversions of yesterday's prestige dialects.
H. Rap Brown|Speak the truth, do not yield to anger; give, if thou art asked for little; by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Paul David Tripp, New Morning Mercies: A Daily Gospel Devotional|Secularization—that is, the gradual conformity of our thinking, beliefs, commitments, and practices to the pattern of this fading age—is not just something that happens to the church; it is something that happens in the church. In fact, it’s difficult to think of secularism as anything other than a Christian heresy.
Shaun Hick, The Army of Five Men|When the time comes for you to leave this earth, if it doesn’t become a lesser place with your absence, then you have wasted your life.
Saina Nehwal|God dislikes evil, and no happiness can be built on hate. Love one another as brothers.
Abhijit Naskar|Strength and weakness are both mental constructs. Now you choose, what's preferable for you.
Roshan Sharma|Once we forget those who have contributed time and effort in making an endeavor successful, we forget ourselves.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I don't know what actually goes down in heaven, if heaven has a grand staircase or a theater where you get to see your impact in a "Crash" kind of cinematic adventure, but I do know our stories work that way--the imprints of ourselves we press into the palms of others have the power to be passed and passed through the hands of many. That the smallest things we do, never thinking twice about them, might be the very things that keep a person alive, and breathing, and standing on that day. I've stopped doubting that kind of impact because believing in it - believing in miracles in the mud of the mundane - gives you so much more purpose than not believing in it at all.
Joe Abercrombie, Before They Are Hanged|Luck is what happens, when preparation meets opportunity
Ramakrishna|It is clear that he does not pray, who, far from uplifting himself to God, requires that God shall lower Himself to him, and who resorts to prayer not to stir the man in us to will what God wills, but only to persuade God to will what the man in us wills.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Secrets press inside a person. They press the way water presses at a dam. The secrets and the water, they both want to get out.
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|I was tempted to tell her it was because we were British and actually had a sense of humour, but I try not to be cruel to foreigners, especially when they're that strung out.
Yukiya Murasaki, Haken no Kouki Altina 6 [覇剣の皇姫アルティーナ 6 ]|Well… Actually, just read any books you find interesting will do. Even books that seem boring aren’t actually that dull. It’s just that the reader couldn’t find the interesting parts.
John Prine|Jesus was a good guy, he didn't need this shit.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|Yes, best friend of mine. I am the famous photographer you've admired for years, and the man who's admired you.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I do not choose the roads to travel;my destination does, apparently it is always the one less traveled.
Lionel Suggs|The select natures who pant after the ideal, and find nothing in pantaloons or petticoats great enough to command their reverence and love, are curiously in unison with the narrowest and pettiest.
Matt Haig, The Radleys|This is the whole stupid thing about all these unblood relationships. They depend on people staying the same, standing in the same spot they were in over a decade ago, when they first met. Surely the reality is that connections between people aren't permanent, but fleeting and random, like a solar eclipse or clouds meeting in the sky. They exist in a constantly moving universe full of constantly moving objects.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he cannot lose his peace and gladness because he lives at peace with himself
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|Why did they all have to tread so very delicately around Celeste's money? It was like wealth was an embarrassing medical condition. It was the same with Celeste's beauty. Strangers gave Celeste the same furtive looks they gave to people with missing limbs, and if Madeline ever mentioned Celeste's looks, Celeste responded with something like shame. "Shhh," she'd say, looking around fearfully in case someone overheard. Everyone wanted to be rich and beautiful, but the truly rich and beautiful had to pretend they were just the same as everyone else. Oh, it was a funny old world.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Ruled Fairyland - For a Little While|I am very poor - for a know nothing, understand nothing. It is not a calamitous condition until it is realized.
Janette Rallison, All's Fair in Love, War and High School|Then he leaned over, right there in the restaurant parking lot, and kissed me. And it wasn’t a friendship kiss, either. It was tender and real, and utterly romantic.
Samantha Steele|On having a backup plan: "Always a good plan anytime you want to follow your dream - I love writing, acting, and psychiatry - there are crazy people everywhere which means I can take my career anywhere my dream needs to go.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|Everybody who flashed the signs of loyalty he took to be loyal. Everybody who flashed the signs of intelligence he took to be intelligent. And so he had failed to see into his daughter, failed to see into his wife, failed to see into his one and only mistress—probably had never even begun to see into himself
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This sadness is one of the great trials of the human experiment. As far as we know, we are the only species on the planet who have been given the gift - or curse, perhaps - of awareness about our own mortality. Everything here eventually dies; we're just the lucky ones who get to think about this fact every day.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Genes do not make an individual homosexual. They play their part, but so does the rest of the universe.
Harry Truman|Not all readers become leaders, but all leaders must be readers.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|I was worried about my own vagina. It needed a context of other vaginas-- a community, a culture of vaginas. There's so much darkness and secrecy surrounding them-- like the Bermunda Triangle.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|The religious guilt cycle interferes with learning and change. Rather than learning who he is as a sexual being, he measures himself against an impossible religious sexual standard and always comes up short. Absent religion, many unrestricted people can deal with their behavior in a rational manner.
J.D. Salinger|Loving someone is very different from the heady feeling of being "in love," which is, frankly, just temporary insanity.
Esai Morales|My strength was in singing and songwriting, which was a new discovery for me when I was 18. And I decided if I pursued songwriting, which is what was closest to my heart, then there would be no competition. I would just live my life being myself and living my dream.
Clyde DeSouza, Memories With Maya|Read books when you are free, read minds when you are'nt....but do read...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|A river has many curves, but it always reaches the ocean.
John Biggins, The Emperor's Coloured Coat: In Which Otto Prohaska, Hero of the Habsburg Empire, Has an Interesting Time While Not Quite Managing to Avert the First World War|It is a curiously moving experience, to hear 350 sailors uttering the words "Oh shit!" in eleven different languages.
Acacia Ackles|The world should not be organized to require heroines, and when one is required but fails to appear we should not judge. We should just say, poor Camille, she turned into a bitch the way most people would have—and stay out of her way.
Tamara Hughes, Beauty's Curse|He’d do what was best for her. He’d take her to safety and send her back home to a bright future…with a more honorable man than him. The stick broke in his hand, and he muttered an oath. All he wanted was for Amelia to be safe and happy, dammit. That and to beat every honorable man in England into the dust.
Buzz Aldrin|There is no monopoly on becoming a millionaire. If you're jealous of those with more money, don't just sit there and complain - do something to make more money yourself.
Helen Keller|People do not like to think. If one thinks, one must reach conclusions. Conclusions are not always pleasant.
Luke Benward|I think there's nothing better than laughing in life, so that's nice, to be thought of as someone who can make someone laugh. It's 'cause I think life is hard. You know, my dad was a really silly man. A great Irish silly man. And that's fine.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Why did she give up wine for Lent? Polly was more sensible. She had given up strawberry jam. Cecilia had never seen Polly show more than a passing interest in strawberry jam, although now, of course, she was always catching her standing at the open fridge, staring at it longingly. The power of denial.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|Self-awareness happens when we become aware of other people, things and places around us and how we are all connected.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Intelligence is perhaps but a malady, -a beautiful malady; the oysters's pearl.
Frans de Waal, Our Inner Ape: A Leading Primatologist Explains Why We Are Who We Are|Your father is waiting, so fly up that mountain and through the alomb. Find Nardukha and tell him I have upheld my end of the bargain. Now it is his turn.”He stares at me, a dangerous light in his eye, and then his gaze travels beyond me, in the direction of the funeral. My hand moves to his muscled forearm, and I squeeze it
Roman Payne|When they look at a beautiful view, most people see their memories, not the view!
Benny Green|Donald Evans is a favorite person of mine. His worth ethic, his attitude and his dedication really set him apart.
Mili Fay, Animals In My Hair|Fighting with tangles,fighting with curls,the poor barber yanked,the poor barber pulled,until with one last effort(and to the wonder of us all)a GINORMOUS Polar Bearlanded on the floor.
Joel Spolsky|Listen to your customers, not your competitors.
Oscar Bimpong|Experience, when no longer a measure of security, becomes what it is now:freely exchangeable currency.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|Self-pity” is just sadness, I think, in the pejorative.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|On my honor, I ain’t ever tasting another woman’s sexualfavors. Even if the bakery offers ’em up in a cupcake wrapper andcalls ’em whipped dreams.
Charlotte Brontë|Je fais mon lit et mon ménage; I seek my dinner in a restaurant; my supper takes care, of itself; I pass days laborious and loveless; nights long and lonely; I am ferocious, and bearded and monkish; and nothing now living in this world loves me, except some old hearts worn like my own, and some few beings, impoverished, suffering, poor in purse and in spirit, whom the kingdoms of this world own not, but to whom a will and testament not to be disputed has bequeathed the kingdom of heaven.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|All of nature was a record of crisis and destruction and adaptation and flourishing and being knocked back down again. What had happened on New Terra was singular and concrete, but the pattern it was part of seemed to apply everywhere and maybe always.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|My father learned his disinterest under the guise of masculinity. Boys don’t cry. There are whole disciplines, institutions, rubrics in our culture which serve as categories of denial.Science is such a category. The torture and death that Heinrich Himmler found disturbing to witness became acceptable to him when it fell under this rubric. He liked to watch the scientific experiments in the concentration camps
Joshua Ferris, To Rise Again at a Decent Hour|In truth, I think he was afraid. Rudy Steiner was scared of the book thief's kiss. He must have longed for it so much. He must have loved her so incredibly hard. So that he would never ask for her lips again and would go to his grave without them.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|A generation of children is not only being raised indoors, but is being confined to even smaller spaces. Jane Clark, a University of Maryland professor of kinesiology . . . calls them "containerized kids"--they spend more and more time in car seats, high chairs, and even baby seats for watching TV. When small children go outside, they're often placed in containers--strollers--and pushed by walking or jogging parents. . . Most kid-containerizing is done for safety concerns, but the long term health of these children is compromised. (35)
Ron Riekki, The Way North: Collected Upper Peninsula New Works|Wawashkeshthese apples arefor you,red on the whitesnow,their cider tangwill find youin the gray woods.There is a storyhow a snakeoffered an apple,so sweet, so cold,those bite wassorrow.--excerpt from Eric Gadzinski's poem "Wawashkeshgiwis" from The Way North
Jock Sturges|When a man fails to see the truth of certain generally accepted views, there is no law compelling him to provoke animosity by announcing his dissent.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception, not a reality.
Bruce  Littlefield, Garage Sale America|Just because it's old, doesn't mean it's gold.
Debasish Mridha|When you try to forget, you will never be able to do it. It will only create a stronger memory. You can’t erase an event or memory from your memory box or hippocampus. The memory will only get stronger.
J.C. Valentine, Stranded|A brief hush fell over the table when the guy from the bar approached. After he finished depositing their drinks in the center of the table, Lynn jumped on the opportunity to flirt, winking and smiling prettily at him. “Thanks, cowboy.” “Cowboy?” Reaching for her appletini, Piper laughed. Lynn shrugged. “When I picture him in my bed, I see a Stetson and a saddle.” Something well-known among their group, ever since she watched John Travolta in Urban Cowboy, she was on a mission to secure herself her very own cowboy. “I bet you see a branding iron too,” Jules snickered. Lynn’s thoughtful gaze trailed after him as the bartender returned to making drinks.
Ojo Blacke, Dr. Monroe A. Dunlop's Paranormal Studies Lecture Series, Mind and Reality: A Psychedelic Trip to the Doormat of the Unknown: Fictional Nonfiction, Fifth Edition|As researchers of the paranormal, we must understand there are ways to change the rhythm of time within us, ways to change the beat. These ways have been known since the beginnings of civilization, and possibly much earlier. And these ways would require no more effort than simply recognizing the secret rhythms of things. Moreover, we may learn to beat with them and begin to perceive a different kind of space, and ultimately discover an altogether different conception of reality…
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|The wealth of the imperial countries is our wealth too. On the universal plane this affirmation, you may be sure, should on no account be taken to signify that we feel ourselves affected by the creations of Western arts or techniques. For in a very concrete way Europe has stuffed herself inordinately with the gold and raw materials of the colonial countries:Latin America, China, and Africa. From all these continents, under whose eyes Europe today raises up her tower of opulence, there has flowed out for centuries toward that same Europe diamonds and oil, silk and cotton, wood and exotic products. Europe is literally the creation of the Third World. The wealth which smothers her is that which was stolen from the underdeveloped peoples. The ports of Holland, the docks of Bordeaux and Liverpool were specialized in the Negro slave trade, and owe their renown to millions of deported slaves. So when we hear the head of a European state declare with his hand on his heart that he must come to the aid of the poor underdeveloped peoples, we do not tremble with gratitude. Quite the contrary; we say to ourselves: "It's a just reparation which will be paid to us.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|The pages of history are red with the blood of illuminated "saints" who were murdered by their religions for actually achieving the advertised spiritual rewards.
Isaac Asimov|Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.
Nick Trout, Ever By My Side: A Memoir in Eight [Acts] Pets|Helen Sustained many falls throughout her life. But as you can see, she steps right up and keeps on going. Falling to her is as natural as sneezing to us
Jenni Fagan, The Panopticon|I dinnae get people, like they all want to be watched, to be seen, like all the time. They put up their pictures online and let people they dinnae like look at them! And people they’ve never met as well, and they all pretend tae be shinier than they are – and some are even posting on like four sites; their bosses are watching them at work, the cameras watch them on the bus, and on the train, and in Boots, and even outside the chip shop. Then even at home – they’re going online to look and see who they can watch, and to check who’s watching them!
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Remember your true self. You are more than just flesh and bones; you are unlimited energy and power. Knowing this, you will understand why happiness and prosperity are your birth right.
Kelly Crawford|A man approaching retirement called the retirement office to inquire about his pension. Afterward, he was asked if his wife worked. “She’s worked all her life making me happy”, he replied. “Yes sir, but has she earned money to receive her pension?” “When we got married we agreed on an arrangement”, he said. “I would earn the living, and she would make the living worthwhile”.“Make the living worthwhile”…have we forgotten the very essence of that? Have we forgotten to live for someone else, that doing so IS what makes a living worthwhile?
Gloria Steinem|You're a crazy woman, looking for an honest liar."Kyra to Rey (Reyes)
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|I realized that cats make a perfect audience, they don't laugh at you, they never contradict you, there's no need to impress them, and they won't divulge your secrets.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Some people are street-smart, some people are book-smart, but most people are just dumber than dirt.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I felt the back of my neck crawl. The crawling reached around to the corners of my jaw, then up to my temple, and across my cheeks.I reached up to touch it. Splinters, small fingers, hooks. Scraping at my fingertips, gouging. Slowly reaching for my eyes, reaching for my remaining flesh. Tiny, like the legs of spiders, pincers, fish hooks, they stabbed and set themselves into the flesh that remained, around my mouth, near my eyes, at my forehead. Then they stopped. Waited.Asking. Offering. A deal with the devil, metaphorically speaking.Give up your face if you truly want wings. Give up your eyes. I could hear the dragon screech, not all that far away. This crisis I faced was removed from a very large, very real crisis that threatened people and Others I cared a great deal about.Do it, and you can fly. Fly, and you might be able to do something to save them.
Cinderpelt, Warriors: The Darkest Hour|The trick is to learn from your mistakes, and have the courage to be true to your heart.
Klavan|... nothing that happened could ever hurt the most important part of her, nothing that happened outside herself could ever make her less than what God had meant for her to be.
Adam Minter, Junkyard Planet: Travels in the Billion-Dollar Trash Trade|The ancient trees are the deep earth's language for speaking to the universe. The earth communicates through trees to the animals and to the birds living above - and to the very heavens. The trees draw the earth's water up from the ground. Then breathing, they return it to the air for the clouds and the blessed rain that falls to begin the cycle anew. She thinks of the thin layer of living things as a fragile space between earth's molten rock core and the frozen outer universe of stars. The thin layer is like her own life here - precious, finite.
Sylvia Plath|Summer has weeks left, but once the calendar displays the word “September,” you’d think it was Latin for “evacuate.” I pity them for missing the best weather and the most energized time of year…It’s an extremely impressive display of life at the apogee of summer, the year’s productivity mounded and piled past the angle of repose. It is a world lush with the living, a world that-despite the problems- still has what it takes to really produce.
Nenia Campbell, Freaky Freshman|At first you might wonder what you did to deserve such treatment. Nothing, probably, so that doesn't matter. What matters is that, eventually, the abuse becomes the status quo. It's no longer about the whats and whys (“what did I do?” “why are they doing this?”) but the whens and hows (“when are they going to do it?” “how are they going to get me?”). Persecution becomes inevitable, inescapable. And once you get into the victim mindset, you're fucked. The bullies don't even need to hurt you now; your poor, warped, pathetic brain is doing half the work for them.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, UNTIL WE RISE|Last night was dark and full of terror and while we slept, the angels kept their watch of wondering love.
Chet Raymo, An Intimate Look at the Night Sky|Someday, Sarah, someone will come along and give you the moon, and the stars too.
Libba Bray|I've never done acid, finding it hard to go willingly to a place that could be frightening, hellish, and totally beyond my control. A place much like high school.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, if you're going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind.
Harry Whitewolf, INDIE POET - Thirty Poems From My Thirties: 2006 - 2016|Capitalism: let live who can afford to, not simply who wishes to. Life has a price and it belongs only to those who can pay it.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|Summer on the farm was glorious. Peter spent as much time out of doors as possible, and he had many playmates, since all the children were free from their spring and autumn duties of tending crops or going to school. Peter had become the leader of a merry band of youngsters, aged six to fourteen, who followed the Wild Boy wherever he went and seemed to understand his unintelligible noises. If they did not understand, then they pretended to. The life of a princess has many advantages, but I envied those children for their time with Peter and for what seemed to me to be a simple, carefree existence.
John Bradshaw, Healing the Shame that Binds You|True love heals and affects spiritual growth. If we do not grow because of someone else’s love, it’s generally because it is a counterfeit form of love.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|...to return to their 'native soil,' as they say, to the bosom, so to speak, of their mother earth, like frightened children, yearning to fall asleep on the withered bosom of their decrepit mother, and to sleep there for ever, only to escape the horrors that terrify them.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I dance through life, living my bliss, steeped in joy.
Sunday Adelaja|Your goal must be divided into smallest measurable and visible period of time- a day, so you know exactly what to do everyday
Shreya Ghoshal|A lot of young players don't really know much about the history of the game and a lot of them are missing out on what the game is all about, especially the whole concept of sportsmanship and teamwork.
Judith Viorst|Incidentally, one of the most worrying problems in the impact of Western modernity on traditional culture is that it quite rapidly communicates its own indifference or anxiety or even hostility about age and ageing.
Andie MacDowell|I think that we all have to have that rite of passage of dating the tortured artist who seems cooler than we think we are; we aspire to be like them, and we're excited that somebody is turning us on to new music or a new lifestyle.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|With the weapons that God has made available to you, he expects you to capture and hold captive every thought and idea that comes into your mind, and to examine these against the backdrop of the Word of God. Those thoughts that are in line with God’s will and purpose for your life are to be released and allowed to move freely within your mind. However, those thoughts and ideas that are contrary to the Word of God are to be held perpetually captive and cast out of your mind in the name of Jesus!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes man seeks for wealth for eighty years, but cannot find, and then realises that life itself is the wealth itself!
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|This stretch through the fogbound forest gradually lulled Grange into his favorite daydream; in it he saw an image of his life: all that he had he carried with him; twenty feet away, the world grew dark, perspectives blurred, and there was nothing near him but this close halo of warm consciousness, this nest perched high above the vague earth.
Deyth Banger|Chilling Tales For Dark Nights, these people or let's say these team is trying to return the fear, the theater... Which so far is great to hear, acting in reading a story and everything one place, just awesome,
Robert Walser, Masquerade and Other Stories|I'd like to die listening to a piece of music. I imagine this as so easy, so natural, but naturally it's quite impossible. Notes stab too softly. The wounds they leave behind may smart, but they don't fester. Melancholy and pain trickle out instead of blood. When the notes cease, all is peaceful within me again.
Sameh Elsayed|Make her smile, make her laugh and make her happy; because this is the only Truth, Meaning & Beauty act any human can ever achieve.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I believe in God, the light of life.
House M.D.|Simple was never that simple. Still, the self-questioning did take some time to reach him. And if there's anything worse than self-questioning coming too early in life, it's self-questioning coming too late.
Ed Halliwell|...there is something very vital happening when we breathe—without it we die—but trying to speed it up, force it, grasp it, push it away or control it tends to get in the way. As in breathing, so in life—we can learn a lot from the natural rhythm, pace, and un-fussiness of the way breath continues its work, without making a big deal out of it.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I had let it all grow. I had supposed It was all OK. Your lifeWas a liner I voyaged in.Costly education had fitted you out.Financiers and committees and consultantsEffaced themselves in the gleam of your finish.You trembled with the new life of those engines.That first morning,Before your first class at College, you sat thereSipping coffee. Now I know, as I did not,What eyes waited at the back of the classTo check your first professional performanceAgainst their expectations. What assessorsWaited to see you justify the costAnd redeem their gamble. What a furnaceOf eyes waited to prove your metal. I watchedThe strange dummy stiffness, the misery,Of your blue flannel suit, its straitjacket, uglyHalf-approximation to your ideaOf the properties you hoped to ease into,And your horror in it. And the tannedAlmost green undertinge of your faceShrunk to its wick, your scar lumpish, your plaitedHead pathetically tiny.You waited,Knowing yourself helpless in the tweezersOf the life that judges you, and I sawThe flayed nerve, the unhealable face-woundWhich was all you had for courage.I saw that what you gripped, as you sipped,Were terrors that killed you once already.Now I see, I saw, sitting, the lonelyGirl who was going to die.That blue suit.A mad, execution uniform,Survived your sentence. But then I sat, stilled,Unable to fathom what stilled youAs I looked at you, as I am stilledPermanently now, permanentlyBending so briefly at your open coffin.
David Harewood|At my age, I only travel business class because I just don't bend anymore; my body can't cope with it.
C.S. Lewis|I am a product [...of] endless books. My father bought all the books he read and never got rid of any of them. There were books in the study, books in the drawing room, books in the cloakroom, books (two deep) in the great bookcase on the landing, books in a bedroom, books piled as high as my shoulder in the cistern attic, books of all kinds reflecting every transient stage of my parents' interest, books readable and unreadable, books suitable for a child and books most emphatically not. Nothing was forbidden me. In the seemingly endless rainy afternoons I took volume after volume from the shelves. I had always the same certainty of finding a book that was new to me as a man who walks into a field has of finding a new blade of grass.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|Uncontradicting solitudeSupports me on its giant palm;And like a sea-anemoneOr simple snail, there cautiouslyUnfolds, emerges, what I am.
Akshay Vasu|He sat there looking at her smiling and laughing, watching her hair fall over her eyes and she setting it back behind her ear, He turned away bowed his head down and smiled himself looking back at the sky.
Sherwood Smith, Remalna's Children|What if feeling good only comes after you destroy someone you hate?''That's not good, that's triumph,
Thierry Henry|Because my dad's Chinese-American, and they're very concrete, he said, 'There's no money to be made in literature.' So he told me to go into the sciences. And I was a good girl. And I did what Daddy said. And that's how I ended up being a doctor. But you know, you just can't stamp out that desire to tell stories.
Tony Reinke, Lit!: A Christian Guide to Reading Books|Currently, the Library of Congress houses eighteen million books. American publishers add another two hundred thousand titles to this stack each year. This means that at the current publishing rate, ten million new books will be added in the next fifty years. Add together the dusty LOC volumes with the shiny new and forthcoming books, and you get a bookshelf-warping total of twenty-eight million books available for an English reader in the next fifty years! But you can read only 2,600 - because you are a wildly ambitious book devourer. ... For every one book that you choose to read, you must ignore ten thousand other books simply because you don't have the time (or money!).
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Anytime, someone gives you advice, rethink if it will lead to personal progress.
Tom Conrad, Rich Pickings for Ravens|When people pose the question, are you “coxom”, Tom Conrad? I like to pose a question back at them: Is J.K. Rowling actually a witch? Is Thomas Harris the no. 1 serial killer in the the US, did Yann Martell really spend a lifetime eating pie?Of course, as far as I know J.K. Rowling is not a witch, but instead is a rather lovely and talented writer. As for that Thomas Harris (equally talented), I very much suspect he isn’t actually a serial killer at all, or if he is, he’s involved in the biggest case of double bluff… ever! As for Yann Martell, well, as everyone with half a brain knows his book is actually concerned with a mathematical constant, so ignore the dumb pie joke. Hm :/
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|To ask a man whether or not he has a girlfriend is to talk about his sex life. If you disagree with that, then how in the name of God do you differentiate between a man’s girlfriend and a girl that is a friend to the man?
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|It's normal to love a dangerous woman. They know how to wield their power, an they're not afraid of yours. They make you work for everything you get and it's all the sweeter once you get it. Makes you feel 'coraggioso' to be able to hold her.
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|I've learned that just because I don't know how to break up with someone, doesn't mean they were worth keeping.
Avina Celeste|Your life is fragile. Your body, mind, and soul need to be protected, loved, and cared for. Make sure your actions provide love and health to yourself.
Dion Fortune, Esoteric Orders and Their Work and The Training and Work of the Initiate|The difference between magic and meditation methods is the difference between drugs and diet—medicines will do swiftly what diet can only effect slowly, and in critical cases there is no time to wait for the slow processes of dietetics, so it must be either medicines or nothing. Nevertheless, drugs are no substitute for right diet and wholesome regime, and although magic enables a speedy and potent result to be attained, is is only by means of right understanding and right ethics that the position which has been won can be held.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|God has ALREADY given you the strength you need, it's up to you to recognize that you were BORN a conqueror!
H.L. Mencken, Notes on Democracy|Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance. No one in this world, so far as I know—and I have researched the records for years, and employed agents to help me—has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. Nor has anyone ever lost public office thereby.
Michael J. Sullivan, Theft of Swords|It was a trap after all,” Alric said. He turned to Royce. “My apologies for doubting your sound paranoia.
Audrey Hepburn|On the one hand maybe I’ve remained infantile, while on the other I matured quickly, because at a young age I was very aware of suffering and fear.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|When I interviewed at Yale, the admissions committee asked me why they should let me into the program. I looked at them unblinking and said, 'Because I'm going to change the world some day. And I'm giving you the chance to say, We knew her when.
Alan Greenspan|Financial literacy is an issue that should command our attention because many Americans are not adequately organizing finances for their education, healthcare and retirement.
Sue Fitzmaurice|He was sort of beautiful. In his own dark, depressing way, but still. She was going to miss that stupid fucking beautiful face.
H. Kirk Rainer|In the closing of this chapter, Lutzer describes the choice of forgiveness in more detail: 'Without both honesty andforgiveness, there can be no freedom from the fits of rage.'What happens through the years when such anger is left unattended or is unresolved (or forgiveness is not pursued)? Without forgiveness, does the anger dissipate or possibly fade away? I don’t think so; but instead, anger continues in one’s life and is carried into their adulthood. What kind or level of control can manifest (or grow) in this unresolved anger; and as for the person or carrier, what can be expected of their heart and soul?
Raghuram Rajan|Beauty is a gift, just like good health or intelligence. The only thing is not to be proud of being beautiful. Because you didn't do anything - it was given to you.
Gabor Maté|The hardcore drug addicts that I treat, are, without exception, people who have had extraordinarily difficult lives. The commonality is childhood abuse. These people all enter life under extremely adverse circumstances. Not only did they not get what they need for healthy development; they actually got negative circumstances of neglect. I don’t have a single female patient in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver who wasn’t sexually abused, for example, as were many of the men, or abused, neglected and abandoned serially, over and over again. That’s what sets up the brain biology of addiction. In other words, the addiction is related both psychologically, in terms of emotional pain relief, and neurobiological development to early adversity.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To realize your greatest strengths, you must first overcome your greatest weaknesses.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|Kids. You gotta love them. I adore children. A little salt, a squeeze of lemon--perfect.
Thomas Heatherwick|Information and inspiration are everywhere... history, art, architecture, everything an illustrator needs. Europe is, after all, the land that has generated most of the enduring myths and legends of Western culture.
Tom Stoppard|So while an incredible amount of progress has been made, on this fifth anniversary, I wanted to come here and tell the people of this city directly: My administration is going to stand with you - and fight alongside you - until the job is done. Until New Orleans is all the way back, all the way.
Nancee Cain, The Resurrection of Dylan McAthie|She shook her head, and we parted, kissing, as the first beams from the sun burst forth behind us. When I returned to my bedroom, the scent of her hair remained on my pillow. For the first time in my life, at the age of twenty-five, I was in love.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Fruitful Darkness: A Journey Through Buddhist Practice and Tribal Wisdom|Whereever you are, you are one with the clouds and one with the sun and the stars you see. You are one with everything. That is more true than I can say, and more true than you can hear.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Cigarette smoking is injurious to health,After all it's pretty good than peoples.They injurious to Soul
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|How then does light return to the world after the eclipse of the sun? Miraculously. Frailly. In thin stripes. It hangs like a glass cage. It is a hoop to be fractured by a tiny jar. There is a spark there. Next moment a flush of dun. Then a vapour as if earth were breathing in and out, once, twice, for the first time. Then under the dullness someone walks with a green light. Then off twists a white wraith. The woods throb blue and green, and gradually the fields drink in red, gold, brown. Suddenly a river snatches a blue light. The earth absorbs colour like a sponge slowly drinking water. It puts on weight; rounds itself; hangs pendent; settles and swings beneath our feet.
Batya Maman Sabag|But that was the least of it. He knew the worst of her, and that was better.
Kate Capshaw|When Pilate saw that he could prevail nothing but that rather a tumult was made  he took water  and washed his hands before the multitude  saying "I am innocent of the blood of this just person: See to it." Then answered all the people  and said "His blood be on us  and on our children."
Paula Altenburg, Her Secret, His Surprise|Chewing on his lip, he tried to make sense of this. There was something terribly wrong with the picture of her playing this CD. The music was hard for him to take, alright. But if there was one person in this world, that he would have sworn, would have an equally hard, if not harder time listening to that stuff, it was her.So, why on earth was she doing it? Why would she put that CD on? Tonight?
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|There is a line of poetry, a sentence in a fable, a word in an essay, by which my existence is justified; find that line, and immortality is assured.
Geoffrey Wood|Sincere, heartfelt appreciation is pure love, and is the strongest message to the Universe that this is more of what you want to experience. Feel grateful and attract more reason to be grateful for. It works like magic.
Lish McBride, Hold Me Closer, Necromancer|There were no windows in my bedroom, so I had to sit up and read my clock to figure out how angry I should be at my visitor. Eight A.M. I hated whoever woke me up. Had they come an hour earlier, I would have also hated their families and any household pets.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|If you and I are to live religious lives, it mustn't be that we talk a lot about religion, but that our manner of life is different. It is my belief that only if you try to be helpful to other people will you in the end find your way to God.
Edgar Bronfman, Sr.|In politics, as in business, leadership is crucial.
Jason Biggs|While I always thought of making sequels to movies like 'Ghayal,' the filmmakers would almost always veto the idea.
Barack Obama|To this day, I still think Lonesome Dove is my best part.
Kevin Hearne, Hexed|Peace be with you," I said, and as I turned to resume my journey with Coyote, I added under my breath, "and asskicking be with me.
Anthony Liccione|We are all dust passing through the air, the difference is, some are flying high in the sky, while others are flying low. But eventually, we all settle on the same ground.
Tim Burton|Sure, I can get a little bit jealous. The good part about jealousy is that it comes from passion. It's also the dangerous part and it's an ugly emotion that hurts.
Clare O'Dea, The Naked Swiss: A Nation Behind 10 Myths|This next president is going to inherit the most sophisticated and persistent cyber espionage cultures the world has ever seen, He needs to surround himself with experts that can expedite the allocation of potent layers of next generation defenses around our targeted critical infrastructure silos.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|The only way to know God, the only way to know the other, is to listen. Listening is reaching out into that unknown other self, surmounting your walls and theirs; listening is the beginning of understanding, the first exercise of
Peter Steele|Music is one of those things that is constantly going in my head all the time. It's sort of like the evolution and creation of doing food, or my philosophy about wine. It's always beating in my head, so it keeps the spirit moving.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|Talents too many, not enough of any.
Rebecca McNutt|How promising today's generation is. They can whip out their cellular phones like sheep, instantly take a million digital photos of their cat and then just delete them. But I'd like to see these kids try to artfully use a traditional film camera or make a super 8 home movie. Traditional film takes integrity, nostalgia, effort, patience and imagination - things that the 21st century has very little of. Everything these days, even a superior medium like film photography with an extensively vivid history and an iconic meaning, is becoming disposable in this age.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|If you want to trust yourself, make decisions that aregrounded in your authentic principles. Don’t lie. Don’tcheat. Don’t push others down to obtain success.
Barry Manilow|Being half Jewish, we grew up with Christmas trees but had Jewish ornaments.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Peace and gladness in every home is a peace for the society, nation and the world.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Too much thought can find fault in anything, even if there is no fault to be found.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Many people are not ready to pay for advice they can use, so the few that do, break boundaries and soar higher.
Mrinalini Mitra, Belief|They think the recipe for a 'home-maker' is- a woman who isn't smart enough, lacks skills and above all isn't ambitious enough! Well she is every bit as smart as the woman who puts on a suit to go to work in a man's world to prove- times have changed! She is every bit as intelligent!
Constance O'Banyon, Moontide Embrace|Do I perceive a softening in your heart for me, damoiselle?" He laughed at her scowl. "Beware maid. I will tell you true. After you will come another and then another. There are no strings that can tether me to any woman. So guard your heart.""My lord, you greatly exaggerate your appeal," she replied indignantly. "If I fell anything for you, 'tis hatred. You are the enemy and you are to be despised as such.""Indeed?" He smiled slowly into her eyes. "Then tell me, damoiselle, do you always kiss the enemy so warmly?
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|He calmed himself, shut his eyes, and fell asleep. The rear light of consciousness, like the last express train of the night, began to fade into the distance, gradually speeding up, growing smaller until it was, finally, sucked into the depths of night, where it disappeared. All that remained was the sound of the wind slipping through a stand of white birch trees.
Margaret Cho, BITCHfest: Ten Years of Cultural Criticism from the Pages of Bitch Magazine|These days, I strive to be a bitch, because not being one sucks. Not being a bitch means not having your voice heard. Not being a bitch means you agree with all the bullshit. Not being a bitch means you don't appreciate all the other bitches who have come before you. Not being a bitch means since Eve ate that apple, we will forever have to pay for her bitchiness with complacence, obedience, acceptance, closed eyes, and opened legs.
Barbara Castle|My life experiences have helped me to be less fearful. In politics, that has allowed me to take on issues sooner rather than later.
Matthew Quick, Sorta Like a Rock Star|...I like the way Chee kept God magical, sorta like Santa Claus when you're a kid. More priests should take this approach, because there is a frickin' reason why Santa Claus is more popular than Jesus nowadays.
Lynn Steward, A Very Good Life|You may discover that the very aspects which make it most unendurable are what gives New York its meaning. Its inconsistencies and anonymity, its seeming indifference to you and every other individual is really what makes it a safe haven for individuals everywhere (Maeve Brennan)
Louisa May Alcott|We are the light that needs no lifting, as long as our flames burn we are interwoven. A whisper within the heart is sufficient, to perpetuate the wave that we began together, beyond the fabric of the time we yet rest upon
Tia Mowry|I used to be hung up on my figure, but it's a waste of time. I don't believe in diets. Have four pints one night, be healthy the next.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|They were stars on this stage, each playing to an audience of two.
Xenphon Ephesius|Science tries to record and explain the factual character of the natural world, whereas religion struggles with spiritual and ethical questions about the meaning and proper conduct of our lives. The facts of nature simply cannot dictate correct moral behavior or spiritual meaning.
Anne Corlett, The Space Between the Stars|Don’t just make a name for yourself on earth; let your name be written in the book of life in Heaven, the seat of the Sovereign God!
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Traditionally, true contemplation involves an act of devotion, wherein self-consciousness is removed by transferring consciousness onto the thing at hand. The better you perceive it, the less you observe yourself doing that. In other words, you could say that, at least for the extended moments of engaging it, you love it more than yourself.
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|With each day he felt the barriers melting. He let them melt. Because of her genuine laugh, because he caught her one afternoon sleeping with her face in the middle of a book, because he knew she would win.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve all of your goals, focus on one goal at a time.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Là-Bas|I marvel at the placidity of the Utopian who imagines that man is perfectible. There is no denying that the human creature is born selfish, abusive, vile. Just look around you and see. Society cynical and ferocious, the humble heckled and pillaged by the rich traffickers in necessities. Everywhere the triumph of the mediocre and unscrupulous, everywhere the apotheosis of crooked politics and finance. And you think you can make any progress against a stream like that? No, man has never changed. His soul was corrupt in the days of Genesis and is not less rotten at present. Only the form of his sins varies. Progress is the hypocrisy which refines the vices.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|The tragedy of this world is that no one is happy, whether stuck in a time of pain or joy.
David Sheff|... Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.'Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|As long as our brain is a mystery, the universe, the reflection of the structure of the brain will also be a mystery.
Aidan Nichols O.P., Redeeming Beauty: Soundings in Sacral Aesthetics|I believe the best way the Enemy gets to you is when you don't have a full understanding of how amazing, beautiful and valuable you are in Christ!
Amanda Palmer|My disadvantages will tire him as they would any reasonable man of small expectations." - Jane Adams
Jack Ketchum, Off Season|Is it because I'm a girl?"Reluctantly, Bill nodded his head.She looked at him for a moment, her lips trembling, and Richie thought she would cry. Instead, she exploded. "Well, fuck you!" She whirled around to look at the others, and they flinched from her gaze, so hot it was nearly radioactive. "Fuck all of you if you think the same thing!" she turned back to Bill and began to talk fast, rapping him with words. "This is something more than some diddly shit kids game like tag, or guns, or hide and go seek, and you know it, Bill! We're supposed to do this, that's part of it! And you're not going to cut me out just because I'm a girl, do you understand? You better. Or I'm leaving right now!
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|I was a fool. I should have grabbed him when I could have had him all to myself, snatched him up like a ripe mango at the market. But how was I to know that this was what love felt like?
Walter Kirn|Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark, And shares the nature of infinity.
Jay Kristoff, Kinslayer|If the heartbeat is a vital sign of physical health, anger is the vital sign of emotional health. Anger protects the self in all relationships. It is rage that is damaging.
Christina Dodd, Virtue Falls|But time does not disclose its secrets to humankind, and the possible turned impossible.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|Love has no errors, for all errors are the want for love.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Jaxton couldn't get his mind to settle on one thought, as he stared at the ground.Roman was here, after all these years. He was just a few steps away from him, talking and flirting with Thayer, as if the last six years had been nothing.Where had he been? Why did he leave? Why didn't he tell him where he was going, and why had he run off, without a word?Unable to focus his thoughts, he pushed them aside and ignored them. It was easier to pretend they didn't exist, than to face what they really meant.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Destiny, Talent, Calling, purpose. each of us came with our Talents, Purpose and Calling. What you do with them is the summary of your life here on earth.
Laurel House, QuickieChick's Cheat Sheet to Life, Love, Food, Fitness, Fashion, and Finance---on a Less-Than-Fabulous Budget|...and her dreams that didn't happen, that couldn't have happened because she'd pinned them on somebody too broken and unattainable to love her back.
Elaine Moran|While most people are playing it safe and doing everything they can to avoid pain, successful people know that they must face their fears and do what needs to be done regardless of how they feel. They don’t necessarily like the hard work, but they’re willing to do it because they like the results.
Jane Yolen, Things to Say to a Dead Man: Poems at the End of a Marriage and After|I do not know where I am going or what I will do when I get there. I know only that to put one foot in front of the other, moves me on, away from you to a place, where I do not want to be.
Epictetus, The Golden Sayings of Epictetus|Humans are the only animals that have children on purpose, keep in touch (or don't), care about birthdays, waste and lose time, brush their teeth, feel nostalgia, scrub stains, have religions and political parties and laws, wear keepsakes, apologize years after an offense, whisper, fear themselves, interpret dreams, hide their genitalia, shave, bury time capsules, and can choose not to eat something for reasons of conscience. The justifications for eating animals and for not eating them are often identical: we are not them.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The jack-o-lantern follows me with tapered, glowing eyes.His yellow teeth grin evily. His cackle I despise.But I shall have the final laugh when Halloween is through.This pumpkin king I’ll split in half to make a pie for two.
Lisa Loeb|I was fired at the pinnacle of my career, on my 39th birthday. And in the year that followed, I learned that there are many psychological phases of being 'let go.'
JohnA Passaro, 6 Minutes Wrestling With Life|The first night in the hospital with a snuffling baby girl, I learned that my family was not the only thing that had expanded. There was now a whole new world of opportunities for judgment and self-doubt.
Brian Holguin, Jim Henson's The Dark Crystal: Creation Myths, Volume 1|Even though this princess loved the oak and the castle and her mother, the queen, she tired of the beautiful swamp, of her surroundings. You see, as she grew she came to realize that if she looked too closely, she could recognize evil things in the swamp as well as all the extraordinary things she loved. There were hurtful, malicious things, things that grew quickly, quick enough to ensnare her and smother her if she wasn't careful, maybe even quick enough to steal her life away.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|To every dreamer, you direct the light of all the world!
Rinsai Rossetti|Early on, for better or worse, I chose whose child I wanted to be: the child of the novel. Almost everything else was subjugated to this ruling passion, reading stories. As a consequence, I can barely add a column of double digits, I have not the slightest idea of how a plane flies, I can't draw any better than a five-year-old.
Sheri Webber|Such is life, marked by the ticking of the clock and the call of the alarm until the day it all falls into perpetual silence. For most of us, certainly for this boy, life is not composed of great deeds, but of small actions, and that’s okay. It’s the best I can give and I like it this way.
Gregory Maguire, Mirror Mirror|Life was easier when you stopped caring, when you stopped expecting things to get better.
Doug Aitken|Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.
Stephen Chbosky|So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try and feel okay about them.
|Stop worrying about what tomorrow brings, God is already preparing some amazing things way ahead of you.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|Porches could be cleaned with a broom in a few minutes, but the soul could not be swept. It had to be shaken. And shaking the loess from a soul took a lifetime and more strength than most people had.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|My whole life was about her, what if her whole life wasn’t all about me?
Nicholaa Spencer|I write romance stories and although I want it to be a beautiful work of art, I am afraid that I will live in the story I created in my mind. It's all in my mind I know, but sometimes, the romance becomes too ideal and realistic for me that I soon fall for the hero that was just a product of my imagination. I think that is both an fearful obstacle and a proof that somehow, you are succeeding to touch a reader's heart - even if it is yours.
Anouska Knight, Since You've Been Gone|I thought about how many elements it took to create the simplest of things - a pink sky an unusually perfect day, a happy family, a deep friendship, a moment of pure delight. I wondered, too, what it took to undo these things. It seemed to me that undoing something was far easier than creating it.
Faiz Triumph|When you move on in life, you always leave behind some things- some myths and some mysteries, that cannot be fathomed by the heart, without going back to the past and visiting yourself again; in that time, at that place. You can only understand such things and solve such riddles if, in your imagination, you can live the life again and be in that place again, where you left a part of you.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Result of HARDWORK Is Neither Friends Nor Enemy,To the AGE Of the ACHIEVER!
James Allen|Every book you pick up has its own lesson or lessons, and quite often the bad books have more to teach than the good ones.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Max, you're the last of the hybrids who still has...a soul.' ... 'She doesn't have soul,' Gazzy scoffed. 'Have you ever seen her dance?
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|My name's Jean Tannen, and I'm the ambush.
Dodie Smith|A thousand pounds for clothes--when on thinks how long poor people could live on it! When one thinks how long we could live on it, for that matter!
Debasish Mridha|Not knowing that I am in the ocean of love, I am swimming to reach the island of love.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|What most people see is a badge, behind and beyond the badge is what they need to know...the person.
Mark Slouka, Essays from the Nick of Time: Reflections and Refutations|It says if you mess up or make the wrong choice, you just have to keep at it until you do it right.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I believe this. When we meet those we fall in love with, there is an aspect of our spirit that is historian, a bit of a pedant who reminisces or remembers a meeting when the other has passed by innocently…but all parts of the body must be ready for the other, all atoms must jump in one direction for desire to occur.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|He sweeps her hair back from her ears; he swings her above his head. He says she is his émerveillement. He says he will never leave her, not in a million years.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|In the writers mind, even a backstory has a backstory.
Criss Jami, Healology|Let our information and social technologies raise awareness and not propaganda, build connections and not passive-aggression.
Biju Karakkonam, Nature and Wild life Photographer|remember... the picture should tell a story in itself, and should have a spontaneous approach
Jerome Stern, Making Shapely Fiction|The lively oral storytelling scene in Scots and Gaelic spills over into the majority English-speaking culture, imbuing it with a strong sense of narrative drive that is essential to the modern novel, screenplay and even non-fiction.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|Stubbs may have envisaged the skeleton inside the horse, but most of us do not
Lope de Vega|Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|...when I think of you it's with tears, because no one else has such delicate hands that can reach into my soul and calm my fears...
William Hazlitt|Never to lie is to have no lock on your door, you are never wholly alone.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|It was a hollow victory they gave me. A crown...it was the girl I prayed them for. Your sister, safe... and mine again as she was meant to be. I ask you, Ned, what good is it to wear a crown?
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|I had an uneventful few days," it told her. "The most exciting thing was an hour-long lecture from the headmaster on taking our studies seriously. He said next year's exam will arrive sooner than we think.""No, they won't," Valkyrie said, frowning. "They'll arrive next year, exactly when we expect them.""That's what I told him," the reflection nodded. "I don't think he's comfortable with logic, because he didn't look happy. He sent me to the Career Guidance counsellor, who asked me what I wanted to do after college."Valkyrie stowed her black clothes. "What did you say?""I told her I wanted to be a Career Guidance counsellor. She started crying, then accused me of mocking her. I told her if she wasn't happy in her job then she should look at other options, then pointed out that I was already doing her job better than she was. She gave me detention.
N.K. Jemisin, The Kingdom of Gods|The problem with working, I mean not self-employed, is that you have to get up and routinely do something that you do not want to do, plus you get talked down to, ordered around by twats, you know you are better than. In reality, you are no better than a slave, no better than a hamster running on a wheel. You could say the hamster likes to run on the wheel, the hamster runs on the wheel by choice. But do not forget, the hamster is always in a cage, and will never be anything else, but a hamster running on a wheel inside a cage, unless it escapes the cage.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|All the wealth in the world is nothing, pointless - of no true value - if you yourself feel worthless.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|You can have all the wine and dragons that my money can buy. That’s what the old woman told me, and I listened.
Donna Lynn Hope|Bureaucrats and Politicians are different people, work of Bureaucrats makes us hate Politicians.
Anthony Liccione|Live for your country, die to yourself; live for yourself, die to your country.
F. Sionil Jose|The Internet is a clear example of how our lives have changed in ways we couldn't have imagined: a distributed information source, which is invisible to everyone, where you can access anything, and it's distributed throughout the whole world. Basically, communication is instantaneous.
Dubravka Ugrešić|I think writing is like ministry. You get this call and you run before accepting it. If you run right to it, there's a good chance you were not called.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Centuries of fighting, and for what? I say. "Today it ends. I can't live in fear any longer. I've cursed this power. I've both enjoyed and misused it. And I've hidden it away. Now I must try to wield it correctly, to marry it to a purpose and hope that is enough.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Chip, I know you don't understand this, but I'd take it as a personal favor if you'd stop trying to marry your mother off to my brothers.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|If I lost all, at least I would have played for it. It had always been my philosophy that one must play, or be a loser two-fold.
Anton Chekhov|Dear and most respected bookcase! I welcome your existence, which has for over one hundred years been devoted to the radiant ideals of goodness and justice.
Emily Henry, A Million Junes|We both know that pain comes for us all. It's almost a relief. Because if all of us are going to someday lose the people we love most, or be lost by them, then what is there to do but live?
Stephen Pierce|Never let what you cannot do, stop you from doing what you can do!
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|It [the proletariat] should and must at once undertake socialist measures in the most energetic, unyielding and unhesitant fashion, in other words, exercise a dictatorship, but a dictatorship of the class, not of a party or of a clique – dictatorship of the class, that means in the broadest possible form on the basis of the most active, unlimited participation of the mass of the people, of unlimited democracy.
Sally Kempton|Men define intelligence, men define usefulness, men tell us what is beautiful, men even tell us what is womanly
Nick Earls, Monica Bloom|Long pants,’ she said rather too fiercely to Andy when he came out of his room wearing shorts. ‘Long pants.’ She herded him back towards his door. ‘These people are from head office. These people are from Melbourne.’ And she emphasised Melbourne as if that should have been all he needed to know.‘Melbourne people vomit if they see knees,’ I told him, and he said, ‘Why is that kind of information never part of the briefing?
Robert S. Cosmar|We have to make a consideration: emotional states are deeply influenced by external events, and here lies the problem. Since the external events are unstable, namely, that they are in perpetual change - a situation that Buddhist tradition definesas “impermanence” - they are very difficult to be managed, and this bring people to panic.This difficulty to experience a reality in which nothing is permanent, that all is in constant motion- change, belongs to the human incapacity to accept the discontinuity of an occurrence of events that are always unpredictable and new.Impermanence is a principle that is a natural thing, but, in relation to the social and interhuman fields, this becomes a problem: especially in the last ten years, we can witness scenarios where instability, turbulence and uncertainty, frantically increase and continue to increase. Instability and change are perceivable everywhere - from the personal interaction between people to economic instability: in poor words, we don’t know what the future will bring to us and we feel a continuous pressure.People feel a need for safety and stability, but this is an impossible thing in the conditions in which society finds itself, and here lies one of the main reasons why tensions, anxiety, and panic have became common situations.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|With everything so perfect, reality seemed somehow fragile, as if the slightest interruption could imperil her pretty future... all of it felt as tenuous as a soap bubble, shivering and empty.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Among the Enemy|But carbon 13 [the carbon from corn] doesn't lie, and researchers who have compared the isotopes in the flesh or hair of Americans to those in the same tissues of Mexicans report that it is now we in the North who are the true people of corn.... Compared to us, Mexicans today consume a far more varied carbon diet: the animals they eat still eat grass (until recently, Mexicans regarded feeding corn to livestock as a sacrilege); much of their protein comes from legumes; and they still sweeten their beverages with cane sugar. So that's us: processed corn, walking.
Anne Rice, Lasher|We have such a terrible, terrible misconception of science. We think it involves the definite, the precise, the known; it is a horrid series of gates to an unknown as vast as the universe; which means endless.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|Did he ever--try?'Mingus shrugged. 'He was like you.'What's that mean?'Means he tried.'Of course. The ring was not a neutral tool. It judged its wearer: Aaron Doily flew drunkenly, and Dylan flew like a coward, only when it didn't matter, at the Windles' pond. So if had attuned to Robert Woolfolk's chaos.Don't tell me,' said Dylan. 'He flew sideways.'Mingus left it vague. He'd always made it his habit to protect their honor against one another--Dylan, Arthur, Robert. To say nothing.
A.A. Milne|Nowhere can I think so happily as in a train. I am not inspired; nothing so uncomfortable as that. I am never seized with a sudden idea for a masterpiece, nor form a sudden plan for some new enterprise. My thoughts are just pleasantly reflective. I think of all the good deeds I have done, and (when these give out) of all the good deeds I am going to do. I look out of the window and say lazily to myself, “How jolly to live there”; and a little farther on, “How jolly not to live there.” I see a cow, and I wonder what it is like to be a cow, and I wonder whether the cow wonders what it is to be like me; and perhaps, by this time, we have passed on to a sheep, and I wonder if it is more fun being a sheep. My mind wanders on in a way which would annoy Pelman a good deal, but it wanders on quite happily, and the “clankety-clank” of the train adds a very soothing accompaniment. So soothing, indeed, that at any moment I can close my eyes and pass into a pleasant state of sleep.
Henry David Thoreau|I probably became an actor because of my vivid imagination, and doing voice-over really sort of takes me back to that.
Caroline Kettlewell, Skin Game|My unhappiness precluded all else; unhappiness is a kind of narcissism, in which nothing that does not resonate with your unhappiness can interest you.
Carl Honore|That was the reasoning behind learning to play bass, and then after that it was more like it was neat to play songs together - for me to play bass and for him to play guitar.
Jeanelle Cooley|I'm sure there's drama in their past that I know nothing about, but when someone like Juliet- colorful, beautiful, determined Juliet- begs you to love her, how do you say no?
Sergei Rachmaninoff|Music is enough for a lifetime, but a lifetime is not enough for music.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A matured woman is therefore a responsible woman irrespective of her age, status and qualification.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|You have to believe. Otherwise, it will never happen.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You've always been my safe place, my escape when life gets crazy. You're my calm through every storm.
Ben Bova|Rosewater was twice as smart as Billy, but he and Billy were dealing with similar crises in similar ways. They had both found life meaningless, partly because of what they had seen in war. Rosewater, for instance, had shot a fourteen-year-old fireman, mistaking for a German soldier. So it goes. And Billy had seen the greatest massacre in European history, which was the fire-bombing of Dresden. So it goes. So they were trying to re-invent themselves and their universe. Science fiction was a big help.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|This is what I think now; that the natural state of the sentient adult is a qualified unhappiness. I think also that in an adult the desire to be finer in grain than you are, "a constant striving" (as those people say who gain their bread by saying it) only adds to this unhappiness in the end--that end that comes to our youth and hope.
Brendan Behan|I respect kindness in human beings first of all, and kindness to animals. I don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Steven Cuoco|The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will live forever in people’s hearts.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Happiness is a choice, a repetitive one.
C. S. Lewis|Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do.
David Sedaris, Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim|It was the Communists, it was the Mexicans, it was the government. And the only people who acknowledged their guilt weren't guilty at all.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|In this martial world dominated by men, women had little place. The Church's teachings might underpin feudal morality, yet when it came to the practicalities of life, a ruthless pragmatism often came into play. Kings and noblemen married for political advantage, and women rarely had any say in how they or their wealth were to be disposed in marriage. Kings would sell off heiresses and rich widows to the highest bidder, for political or territorial advantage, and those who resisted were heavily fined.Young girls of good birth were strictly reared, often in convents, and married off at fourteen or even earlier to suit their parents' or overlord's purposes. The betrothal of infants was not uncommon, despite the church's disapproval. It was a father's duty to bestow his daughters in marriage; if he was dead, his overlord or the King himself would act for him. Personal choice was rarely and issue.Upon marriage, a girl's property and rights became invested in her husband, to whom she owed absolute obedience. Every husband had the right to enforce this duty in whichever way he thought fit--as Eleanor was to find out to her cost. Wife-beating was common, although the Church did at this time attempt to restrict the length of the rod that a husband might use.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|When I was around Sunny, there was no time to dream about some easier, prettier, more comprehensible, less fucked-up existence. Now was all we had: Sunny lifting her eyes to meet mine. Cupping water in my own hands to rinse the blood off her head. Sunny’s tongue on my nose, her tail thudding on my leg. The reach of my hand across her spine. The words of comfort and rage and fear and sadness and hope that I spoke only in her presence.
Ernest Becker, The Birth and Death of Meaning: An Interdisciplinary Perspective on the Problem of Man|If we really want to know, who we are and recognize our identity, we have to find out the identity of the others. By making friends with the others, we are able to make friends with ourselves. At that moment, we can sense how everything falls into place. ( “ Steps in the unknown" )
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde|Yeah, but will it hurt?”’ I asked.“This is science, Zach,” Randy said, reassuringly, as he tilted my head back and lowered the lens to my eye. “Of course it will hurt.
Jeffrey Gitomer|Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|If you are chronically down, it is a lifelong fight to keep from sinking 
Taylor Mali|If you don't mark your successes, the day your ship comes in could be just another day at the office, and there's no poetry in that.
Taylor Swift|If I'm dancing, or teaching, or having a family I would want to live life to the fullest as possible.
Jennifer Beals|When you're watching television, you don't want to watch a show where everything just works out. You don't want to see a relationship that's just blossoming and everyone's happy and sunshine and roses all the time. That's also not true in life.
Roger Staubach|I was afraid people wouldn't take me seriously, or would stop respecting me, if I talked about how bad I was feeling. The only people I talked openly about it with was my business partner, Dave Jilk, and my girlfriend - now wife - Amy Batchelor. They were amazingly supportive, but even then, I was deeply ashamed about my weaknesses.
Robert Walser, Looking at Pictures|He doesn’t see his path clearly, but also doesn’t consider this absolutely necessary; he strikes out in some direction or other, and one thing leads to the next. All paths lead to lives of some sort, and that’s all he requires, for every life promises a great deal and is replete with possibilities enchantingly fulfilled.
Albert Camus|…. Query: How contrive not to waste one's time?Answer: By being fully aware of it all the while.Ways in which this can be done: By spending one's days on an uneasy chair in a dentist's waiting-room; by remaining on one's balcony all of a Sunday afternoon; by listening to lectures in a language on doesn't know; by traveling by the longest and least-convenient train routes, and of course standing all the way; by lining up at the box-office of theaters and then not buying a seat; and so forth.
Leo Buscaglia, Loving Each Other|....though modern Marriage is a tremendous laboratory, its members are often utterly without preparation for the partnership function. How much agony and remorse and failure could have been avoided if there had been at least some rudimentary learning before they entered the partnership....And that statement is equally valid for all relationships.
Charlotte Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|We can burst the bonds which chain us,Which cold human hands have wrought,And where none shall dare restrain usWe can meet again, in thought.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|When the Prince comes into your life, you will stop thinking and start reasoning.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible: Volume Two|For the love of money, Christian leaders have become addicted to the path to hell. Money is not a blessing from God; the path to righteousness is what God considers a blessing. Luke 16:13
Kendall Jenner|There was something undifferentiated and yet complete, which existed before Heaven and Earth. Soundless and formless, it depends on nothing and does not change. It operates everywhere and is free from danger. It may be considered the mother of the universe. I do not know its name; I call it Tao.
Lisa See, Shanghai Girls|Where there's guts, there's curiosity, and where there's curiosity, there's guts.
Skyler White, The Incrementalists|Yes. Loving somebody isn't a one time thing, its an everyday thing. Something you do to them, with them, for them. Because of them. Every day, all day. And night." ~Solomon~
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Once you are a butterfly,you can really love – thekind of love that makes anew life. It’s better than allthe hugging caterpillars cando.
Stephen King|You always know the truth, because when you cut yourself or someone else with it, there’s always a bloody show.
Tanya Bullock|Rosie loved Tom. Rosie had always loved Tom and, although she was unable to measure "always" in terms of years and months, this made perfect sense to her. Their love was not constrained by the mortal bonds of time; it was eternal, ageless and ancient beyond all recollection and record.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|But Percy Jackson has always been reliable. You have nothing to fear. Besides, he likes me. I taught him everything he knows.”She frowned. “You did?”I found her innocence somewhat charming. So many obvious things she did not know. “Of course. Now let’s go up.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If your heart is not attuned to God, it will become a catch basin for every device of the devil. Yes, Satan is at work in our world. The Bible is my authority.
E.D.E.N. Southworth, Capitola's Peril|Things difficult - almost to impossibility - can always be accomplished. Write that upon your tablets, for it is a valuable truth.
Colm Tóibín, The Modern Library|There’s an immense dramatic possibility in describing that universe. The books, for me, were an enormous relief in that sense of how they were written to allow primary emotion, elemental emotion, to matter enormously but to give the thing an extraordinary flow so you don’t notice at what point that you’re actually overwhelmed by this. There’s no showiness, at all. It’s the opposite of showiness. I think, if it was a painting, it could be very grey abstract, almost, with some lines and very, very beautiful. But you wouldn’t have a notion of where the beauty was.(Talking about the short stories of Alistair MacLeod, who he discovered while working on The Modern Library.)
Natalie Dormer|If you go through life, and you don't find the beauty in an unexpected place, then you really have a sad existence.
Subroto Bagchi|There are three qualities that make someone a true professional. These are the ability to work unsupervised, the ability to certify the completion of a job or task and, finally, the ability to behave with integrity at all times.
Robert Dallek|We're so much more likely to feel sympathy for an animal than another person; thus, the best fiction uses animals to define truly humane behavior.
Rio Hogarty|The one piece of advice I always give is this: become a foster parent because you want to help the child. Not because you expect the child to think of you as their mother or father. Or to love you for the rest of their lives. They might never love you. But you have to do the very best you can for them at all times, no matter what. Fostering is one of the few jobs where your ultimate goal is not to be needed anymore.
James Bond|When the will is strong enough, it is astounding what one's mind can do.
Martin Van Buren|No fundamental social change occurs merely because government acts. It's because civil society, the conscience of a country, begins to rise up and demand - demand - demand change.
Tim Tebow, Through My Eyes|You and I were created by God to be so much more than normal…Following the crowd is not a winning approach to life. In the end it’s a loser’s game, because we never become who God created us to be by trying to be like everybody else.
Moxie Will, Something That Will Change Your Life|Create a character with an obsession, then follow.
Kameron Hurley, Rapture|I know not the way He leads me, but well do I know my Guide.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|. . . a wind howling began, which seemed to form all over the country, as far as the imagination could grasp it through the gloom of the night.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|You have to think if we've been visited by extraterrestrial life, it was like a zookeeper walking into the chimp enclosure: He looks around, takes some pictures, then leaves without interacting significantly with the environment. Meanwhile the chimps have no idea what the fuck just happened.
Robert Schumann|New Orleans is unlike any city in America. Its cultural diversity is woven into the food, the music, the architecture - even the local superstitions. It's a sensory experience on all levels and there's a story lurking around every corner.
Kelly Easton, The Life History of a Star|The larger a star the shorter its life, but all the more fascinating its death. As it collapses within it’s body, the infalling material can be no longer be compressed; the star is blown to pieces; its shattered mass realeases out ward at the speed of light.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Many Christians give in to various temptations through peer pressure and find themselves surrendering to worldly passions, justifying pleasures the world offers.
Drew Barrymore|Kissing - and I mean like, yummy, smacking kissing - is the most delicious, most beautiful and passionate thing that two people can do, bar none. Better than sex, hands down.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|Displaced Person’s SongIf you see a train this evening,Far away, against the sky,Lie down in your woolen blanket,Sleep and let the train go by.Trains have called us, every midnight,From a thousand miles away,Trains that pass through empty cities,Trains that have no place to stay.No one drives the locomotive,No one tends the staring light,Trains have never needed riders,Trains belong to bitter night.Railway stations stand deserted,Rights-of-way lie clear and cold,What we left them, trains inherit,Trains go on, and we grow old.Let them cry like cheated lovers,Let their cries find only wind,Trains are meant for night and ruin,And we are meant for song and sin.
Bruce  Littlefield, Garage Sale America|Up to four chauffeurs, two secretaries, two personal maids, and a masseur traveled with her to each home
Johann Gottlieb Fichte, Religious and Philosophical Writings of Johann Gottlieb Fichte|Rules, whether they govern sexual morality or financial probity, regardless of whether they are justifiable or undesirable, always provoke bold recalcitrants to devise clever, defiant ways to breach them.
T.E. Lawrence|The older I get, the more I see how much motivations matter. The Zune was crappy because the people at Microsoft don't really love music or art the way we do. We won because we personally love music. We made the iPod for ourselves, and when you're doing something for yourself, or your best friend or family, you're not going to cheese out. If you don't love something, you're not going to cheese out. If you don't love something, you're not going to cheese out. If you don't love something, you're not going to go the extra mile, work the extra weekend, challenge the status quo as much.
Stacy A King|If we dismiss all of our hard work, including the very foundation we stand on, and its cracks, we won’t get very far because it takes a foundation from which to begin. Be proud, and embrace “your normal.
François-René de Chateaubriand|Quand on parle des vices d’un homme, si on vous dit : “Tout le monde le dit” ne le croyez pas ; si l’on parle de ses vertus en vous disant encore : “Tout le monde le dit”, croyez-le.
Lester B. Pearson|Knowledge is Power, Power provides Information; Information leads to Education, Education breeds Wisdom; Wisdom is Liberation. People are not liberated because of lack of knowledge.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|Amazingly, we take for granted that instinct for survival, fear of death, must separate us from the happiness of pure and uninterpreted experience, in which body, mind, and nature are the same. This retreat from wonder, the backing away like lobsters into safe crannies, the desperate instinct that our life passes unlived, is reflected in proliferation without joy, corrosive money rot, the gross befouling of the earth and air and water from which we came.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are a boat and your lake is frozen, what can you do? You will wait for the spring! We are lucky that we are humans, we don’t have to wait for the spring; we can break the ice if necessary, we can use fire to open our way! Nothing can stop the mind if the mind decides to move to his target!
Damien Hirst|Some people act as though art that is for a mass audience is not good art, and I think this has been a very negative thing. I know that I have wanted very much to write books that are accessible to the widest audience possible.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|The pinnacle of human consciousness must be the rejection of unhealthy competition, war and violence.
Edith Hamilton, The Greek Way|The formula "the Church is the Body of Christ" thus states that the Eucharist, in which the Lord gives us his body, forever remains the place where the Church is generated, where the Lord himself never ceases to found her anew; in the Eucharist the Church is most compactly herself - in all places, yet one only, just as he is one
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Astounding Biblical Mysteries Revealed in His Own Words Like Never Before in Human History|Now, we struggle, brothers and sisters, and we strive. We have our trials and our tribulations but we are blessed. We go to bed, praise Jesus, and we rise again in the morning. And if that's not a blessing, I don't know what is.
Miranda Kerr|In the end, I hope there's a little note somewhere that says I designed a good computer.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|So long divided and so differently situated, the ties of blood were little more than nothing.
Bien Sufficient|When you live your life seeking the opinion and approval of others, you become a slave in your mind and soul to others. This is the worst form of slavery.
Cammie McGovern, Neighborhood Watch|When Jack Burns needed to hold his mother's hand, his fingers could see in the dark.
Virginia Alison|He walks the soft grass, wet with fresh rain, jeans slung low on his hips and shirt hanging open, still dripping from the fevered maelstrom that set fire to the night sky. Fury in his step and passion furrowing his brow...He is my perfect storm...
Julie Kagawa, The Forever Song|Why didn’t she wake me up?”“Haven’t you heard the expression ‘let sleeping dogs lie’?”Ryan’s eyes narrowed. “Werewolves are not dogs, Shaye. How many times do we need to have this damned conversation?
Mary-Jean Harris, Aizai the Forgotten|True friends are always near, the Goddess said. Beneath the eyelids on a stormy night, around the bend in a wicked dream, hearkening to the future by the chimes of their companion’s call.
Becca Fitzpatrick|You're staying here, Angel.""You're taking this one alone?""First, Hank can't see us together. Second, I don't like the idea of dragging you into something that could get messy fast. If you need one more reason, I love you.
Elmore Leonard, Elmore Leonard's 10 Rules of Writing|If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|A truly successful life is one filled with friends so it helps if people like being around you. If you suspect they don’t, have a think about how strongly you exhibit ‘likeable’ qualities such as listening well, being trustworthy, kind, generous, compassionate, fun, positive and unselfish. The good news is that you can learn such qualities even if they don’t come naturally to you.
ASAP Rocky|We've got jihadists. That doesn't mean that all Muslims are problems with respect to terrorism, but there is something going on here. We've got a problem dealing with one aspect of one portion of modern Islam - just as hundreds of years ago the world had a problem with Torquemada and the Spanish Inquisition.
Monika Basile, The Queen of Broken Things|I was mortified that I could spend a lifetime with someone and not know them at all—that I could love someone so blindly and never question who they really were. Was it stupidity? Or is that merely what love actually is—to see the good, to love the good and wonderful and ignore the rest? I think that is what I used to believe…I don’t believe that anymore.Love is seeing every damn rotten thing about someone and loving them anyway. It’s not being too afraid to look deep inside another person and still being able to see all the good messed up in with the bad. Love is accepting the shit as well as the roses. I think I failed to ever smell the bullshit. I only smelled the roses and never realized that it is the shit that makes the roses bloom.
René Friedrich, Success. Love. Poetry.|If people doubt you, then you made progress from "who cares?
Mike Carey, The Unwritten: Tommy Taylor and the Ship That Sank Twice|Forget ideas, Mr. Author. What kind of pen do you use?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The powerful are like a compressor, they will grind into paste everything on their way
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If only I could change the world around me, perhaps my truth won’t one day be the end of me.
Paige Harbison, New Girl|I couldn't help but suspect something he'd seen or encountered had changed his view of what had happened between them. It had somehow set him free. And he'd let it fly, that gorgeous blackbird of a love he'd been keeping in a cage. What was it like for him, every day standing outside in the wind and rain to stare at the ocean, yearning for some sign of her, never giving up hope? At The Peak perhaps she'd finally come into view, a ship coming neither toward him nor away, only riding that perfect line between heaven and earth, long enough for him to know that she had loved him, that what they had was real, before slipping out of sight, probably forever.
Max Lucado, Experiencing the Heart of Jesus: Knowing His Heart, Feeling His Love|We may speak about a place where there are no tears, no death, no fear, no night; but those are just the benefits of heaven. The beauty of heaven is seeing God.
Sunday Adelaja|According to the Bible, every man has a past, present, and future
Rebecca Beard|There are two kinds of people in the world: givers and takers. The takers came to know eat better, but the givers sleep better. So I want to be both. Because I want to eat and sleep both better for good health.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|We are all regular people, Pia,’ she laughs. ‘But we are notregular wives.
Julia Child, My Life in France|Remember, 'No one's more important than people'! In other words, friendship is the most important thing--not career or housework, or one's fatigue--and it needs to be tended and nurtured.
Julie Cantrell, Into the Free|Maybe God doesn't care if we get all dressed up and sit in the pew every Sunday, as Diana believes. Instead, maybe God comes to us through men like Sloth, watching over us as we make our own decisions. Maybe God has always been with me. Opening doors, leading me to opportunities, letting me choose my own path, and loving me even when I chose the wrong one. Never giving up on me. Knowing all along that I am on a journey. That I must find my own way to Him. Maybe River was rights. Maybe God does still believe in me.
Michael  Grant, Plague|He pictured himself at the lake, on a houseboat. Dekka would be there, and Brianna and Jack. He would have friends. He wouldn’t be alone.But he couldn’t stop himself from looking for her.She no longer had Little Pete to worry about. They could be together without all of that. But of course he knew Astrid, and knew that right now, wherever she was, she was eaten up inside with guilt.“She’s not coming, is she?” Sam said to Dekka.But Dekka didn’t answer. She was somewhere else in her head. Sam saw her glance and look away as Brianna laid a light hand on Jack’s shoulder.Dahra was staying in the hospital, but a few more kids came. Groups of three or four at a time. The Siren and the kids she lived with came. John Terrafino came. Ellen. He waited. He would wait the full two hours. Not for her, he told himself, just to keep his word.Then Orc, with Howard.Sam groaned inwardly.“You gotta be kidding me,” Brianna said.“The deal was kids make a choice,” Sam said. “I think Howard just realized how dangerous life can be for a criminal living in a place where the ‘king’ can decide life or death.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we use the word “sin,” we usually think of our misdeeds—actions or habits we know are wrong. But those are specific sins, and they are the result of sin, the deeper spiritual disease that infects our souls. Sin is the cause; sins are the effect.Sin is the tree; sins are the fruit. Sin is the disease; sins are the symptoms.
Aaron Allston|A whore is a whore is a whore.Except when he's something else completely.From the writings of King Helios Dayspring, High Priest of the Temple of the Sun
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must be firm in your decisions, to avoid any wind blow.
Mario Benedetti|Five minutes are enough to dream a whole life, that is how relative time is.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|There is some kiss we want with our whole lives, the touch of spirit on the body. Seawaterbegs the pearl to break its shell.and the lily, how passionatelyit needs some wild darling! Atnight, I open the window and askthe moon to come and press itsface against mine. Breathe intome. Close the language door andopen the lovers window. The moonwon’t use the door, only the window.
Malak El Halabi|You have the face of a man who gently caresses field flowers and dandelions. And a smile that is like a dagger, cutting the sun in halves.
Sarah Hackley|Man is the question he asks about himself, before any question has been formulated. It is, therefore, not surprising that the basic questions were formulated very early in the history of mankind.
John Shelby Spong|What the mind cannot accept, the heart can finally never adore.
Jawwad Zafar|We crave beauty, like we crave peace.
Kate Forsyth, Escape From Wolfhaven Castle|To laugh often and much; To win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children; To earn the appreciation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; To appreciate beauty, to find the best in others; To leave the world a bit better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
Gerri Russell, Married at Midnight|I do," Ellie said, then groaned inwardly. Those were the words that had put her in this position in the first place.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I am an artist, and a rebel one at that. I live in the voluptuous dimension of imagination, so if you're expecting normalcy (dullness) from me, sorry to disappoint, but you're quite mistaken. Ordinary is not my best attire, I've tried it and normal just never fit quite right. I will always be the crazy one who believes in magic, unicorns and impossible dreams. But also love, compassion and empathy.
Baldacci, David|This is the beginning of what we will come to call the Upstairs-Downstairs, Linga-Singha wars.
John Ortberg|Basically, I still have the privacy that all celebrities crave, except for those celebrities who feel that privacy reflects some kind of failure on their part.
Dorothea Lasky|When people talk about poetry as a project, they suggest that the road through a poem is a single line. When really the road through a poem is a series of lines, like a constellation, all interconnected. Poems take place in the realm of chance, where the self and the universal combine, where life exist. I can’t suggest to you that going through a line that is more like a constellation than a road is easy—or that the blurring of the self and the universal doesn’t shred a poet a little bit in the process. The terrain of a poem is unmapped (including the shapes of the trees along the constellation-road). A great poet knows never to expect sun or rain or cold or wind in the process of creating a poem. In a great poem all can come to the fore at once. It would be worse yet, if none are there at all.
Stasi Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|The vast desire and capacity a woman has for intimate relationships tells us of God's vast desire and capacity for intimate relationships. In fact, this may be The most important thing we ever learn about God--the He yearns for relationship with us. "Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God" (John 17:3). The whole story of the Bible is a love story between God and His people. He yearns for us. He cares. He has a tender heart.
Walter Karp|[The public school system is] usually a twelve year sentence of mind control.Crushing creativity, smashing individualism, encouraging collectivism andcompromise, destroying the exercise of intellectual inquiry, twisting itinstead into meek subservience to authority.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|Love doesn't think like that. All right, it's blind as a bat--''Bats have radar. Yours doesn't seem to be working.
Marvin Hamlisch|I've been around a long time, and when I was at the top of the hill, I was very ahead of my time! Evidence of that is that my music is still current today - you know, rappers sample it all the time. So, rather than compromise my artistic integrity, I concentrated on movies.
David Britton|That is just what life is when it is beautiful and happy - a game! Naturally, one can also do all kinds of other things with it, make a duty of it, or a battleground, or a prison, but that does not make it any prettier...
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some women have kissed—and some are kissing—a lot of frogs, even though the very first man that they have each kissed was and is still a prince.
Dorien Kelly, The Last Bride in Ballymuir|For home had a way of shifting, of changing shape and temperature. Home was homeless. It could exist anywhere, because its only substance was familiarity. If it was broken by long journeys or tornadoes it emerged again, reinvented itself with new decor, new idiosyncrasies of morning, noon and dusk, and old routines.
Charlotte Eriksson|Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.
Bryant A. Loney, Exodus in Confluence|Don't you get it?' said Max. 'You're not praying, you're just... wishing. And wishes don't come true.
Der Nister, The Family Mashber|No matter where one looked, the sky had a clean-washed appearance. There was not a trace of a cloud to be seen anywhere in its vast expanse. It was one of those days that made one want to open doors and gates to release the last traces of winter, to watch them disappear like thin wisps of smoke into the farthest reaches of the sky.
Michael  Jackson|In a world filled with hate, we must still dare to hope. In a world filled with anger, we must still dare to comfort. In a world filled with despair, we must still dare to dream. And in a world filled with distrust, we must still dare to believe.
Steven Magee|The reason is, because it’s of more importance to community, that innocence should be protected, than it is, that guilt should be punished.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|Lies are a little fortress; inside them you can feel safe and powerful. Through your little fortress of lies you try to run your life and manipulate others. But the fortress needs walls, so you build some. These are the justifications for your lies. You know, like you are doing this to protect someone you love, to keep them from feeling pain. Whatever works, just so you feel okay about the lies.
Ahmed Farrag|My history is my step to future , whatever the history was full of garbage, but I can get over it and get to the TOP with my History
Ernst F. Schumacher|Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You can be great in any area of life, just learn to convert time into added value and tangible products.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Rough Riders|We did everything possible to keep up the spirits of the men, but it was exceedingly difficult because there was nothing for them to do.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|Jewish history is never simply about the Jews, but always about their relationship with the rest of society.
Daven Anderson, Vampire Syndrome|If we adopted Jack," I quip, "we'd have to give him combat pay for an allowance
Alexander Georgiev|We can go and explore different roads in our future, but the past ones are permanent, just like our greatest memories.
Ian Doescher, William Shakespeare's The Empire Striketh Back|Shakespeare's great."Duh. Shakespeare's cool, man.
Kiera Cass, The Heir|When my father is stern, no one chastises him. I don’t think it’s fair that when I act similarly, I’m seen as cruel. I’m making a huge decision, and I’m trying to be wise about it.
Suki Waterhouse|If you're not comfortable with public speaking - and nobody starts out comfortable; you have to learn how to be comfortable - practice. I cannot overstate the importance of practicing. Get some close friends or family members to help evaluate you, or somebody at work that you trust.
May Sarton|If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|The frame of the mirror was a deep mahogany and carved with an intricate design of what appeared in the dim light to be leaves and vines. The mirror’s surface was clouded with dust and age, so much that Quinn could not even see his own reflection. On impulse, he rubbed a small circle with the back of his wrist but beneath the dust the glass was still milky and unclear. ~ "The Mirror
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The work of art is the object seen sub specie aeternitatis; and the good life is the world seen sub specie aeternitatis. This is the connection between art and ethics.The usual way of looking at things sees objects as it were from the midst of them, the view sub specie aeternitatis from outside.In such a way that they have the whole world as background.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Therefore, the idle parent who wants to stop the whining needs to stop whining himself, and one way is to resist the call to work ever longer and harder hours. Throw your BlackBerry into the river. Unslave yourself. Hard work will not lead to health and happiness. Just ask yourself: would you rather spend your child's first few years playing with them or working for the mega-corp in order to make them profits and you money to buy ribbish you don't need in order to dull the pain of overwork?
Evanna Lynch|On Staten Island, there's a ship graveyard. I'm using that a lot, even for 'Under the Dome.' When I'm dissatisfied with a location scout, I go on Google Earth. It's an amazing tool.
Robert Duff, Hardcore Self Help: F**k Anxiety|You need to set yourself up for success, too. You need to invest in yourself. You need to stop being a butthead and sabotaging yourself.
Bill Toomey|I come from playing sports. I compete, so I gotta be better than I was last year. I gotta get better, and that better gotta come from just growing. From learning new stuff to working on it, experience it in life, and failing.
Ryan Hansen|Fencing is a funny sport. Competitive fencing is not really very applicable to the stage world unless you're fighting with a rapier during the Renaissance, you know?
Julieanne O'Connor|In a world full of oddities, it’s how you outdo yourself within your own schizophrenia of abnormalities, that determines your most interesting self.
Charles Bukowski, Post Office|the first place smelled like work, so I took the second
Alexander Pope|We should attempt to bring nature, houses, and human beings together in a higher unity.
Maurice Maeterlinck|The sublimity of wisdom is to do those things living, which are to be desired when dying.
Dada Bhagwan|God says only one thing if you want to have attachment towards worldly life; go ahead and get attached to it; or else, get attached to Me. If you get attached to Me, you will get permanent happiness and if you get attached to the worldly life, you will not find contentment!
Brian Andreas, Traveling Light: Stories & Drawings for a Quiet Mind|That was the day the ancient songs of blood and war spilled from a hole in the skyAnd there was a long moment as we listened and fell silent in our griefand then one by one, we stood talland came togetherand began to sing of life and love and all that is good and trueAnd I will never forget that day when the ancient songs died because there was no one in the world to sing them.
Jim Carrey|I like being alone and I think this movie, as much as it is an investigation of connection and people bonding, I also think it's just as much about loneliness.
Sherri Shepherd|I think some of my darkness comes from my dad. There is definitely convict history on that side of the family, a lot of dodginess. But with the darkness can also come entrepreneurialism, genius traits.
Jeremy Griffith, Is It To Be: Terminal Alienation or Transformation For The Human Race|Throughout history we humans have struggled to find meaning in the awesome contradiction of our human condition. Neither philosophy, nor psychology nor biology has, until now, been able to provide the truthful explanation.
Susan B. Anthony|When God created man and woman, he was thinking, 'Who shall I give the power to, to give birth to the next human being?' And God chose woman. And this is the big evidence that women are powerful.
Joan of Arc|If God listened to the prayers of men, all men would quickly have perished: for they are forever praying for evil against one another.
Rhonda James, Jersey Girl|Rudy, please, wake up, God**** it, I love you. Come on, Rudy, come on, Jesse Owens, don't you know I love you, wake up, wake up, wake up...
Nathan Ballingrud, The Visible Filth|Our spirits rose after a few beers, all that lay between us during the day, the silences that could develop from nowhere, the irritation that could set in, the sudden inability to find areas of common interest, even though there were so many, all of that vanished as our spirits soared and we felt the concomitant warmth: we looked at each other and knew who we were.
Whitney Johnson, Disrupt Yourself: Putting the Power of Disruptive Innovation to Work|At a career peak, there is certainly the specter of competition from below, but just as importantly, there’s the risk that if we aren’t on a curve that satisfies us emotionally, we may be the cause of our own undoing.
Anastasia Aukeman, Welcome to Painterland: Bruce Conner and the Rat Bastard Protective Association|This not to say that the men and women associated with the Rat Bastard Protective Association had freed themselves from the powerful hold of established gender roles on their lives. Shirley Burman, Joan Brown, Jean Conner, Jay DeFeo, and Joanna McClure most frequently provided the practical component of the vision they shared with their spouses; that is, the women all worked for a living... As Càndida Smith observed, the 'contradictions of this imaginary society fell most acutely upon the women, for... they carried the burden of 'holding things together'.
Ricardo Semler|Most people are squeamish about saying how much they earn, but in medicine the situation seems especially fraught. Doctors aren't supposed to be in it for the money, and the more concerned a doctor seems to be about making money the more suspicious people become about the care being provided.
Lisa O'Donnell, The Death of Bees|Trying to remember old dreams. A voice. Who came in.And meanwhile the rain, all day, all evening,quiet steady sound. Before it grew too darkwatched the blue iris leaning under the rain,the flame of the poppies guttered and went out.A voice. Almost recalled. There have been timesthe gods entered. Entered a room, a cave?A long enclosure where I was, the fourth wall of ittoo distant or too dark to see. The birds are silent,no moths at the lit windows. Only a swaying rosebushpierces the table’s reflection, raindrops gazing from it.There have been hands laid on my shoulders.What has been said to me,how has my life replied?The rain, the rain...
Chandni Maurya|People in this country are still waiting for the war of their freedom to come from somewhere else, from the jungles, from the mountains, from China, from Pakistan. That will never happen. Every man must make his own Benaras.The book of your revolution sits in the pit of your belly, young Indian. Crap it out, and read.
Henry Rollins|I think they built Hollywood on the West Coast because they were always dreaming of a New World. When they arrived here, the only way to keep dreaming was to make movies. Film was the fourth dimension.
Alanis Morissette|I build a kind of wall between myself and t he model so that I can paint in peace behind it. Otherwise, she might say something that confuses and distracts me.
Eric Ambler, A Coffin for Dimitrios|[I]f the citizens neglect their Duty and place unprincipled men in office, the government will soon be corrupted; laws will be made, not for the public good so much as for selfish or local purposes; corrupt or incompetent men will be appointed to execute the Laws; the public revenues will be squandered on unworthy men; and the rights of the citizen will be violated or disregarded.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|From now on it is not dying we must fear, but living.
Liam Hemsworth|I like the idea of movies having a magic element. How many times have you seen an actor in a movie who you know only as the character? It's wonderful, isn't it?
Masashi Kishimoto|The pain of being alone is completely out of this world, isn't it? I don't know why, but I understand your feelings so much, it actually hurts. 
Dominic Riccitello|Give second chances, third chances, but not a fourth, a fifth, a sixth and so on. Appreciate yourself and understand your worth – know it takes time for people to change, to become better. But know what you can take and what you deserve.
Penny Watson, Lumberjack in Love|The sun weeps because it can no longer caress your skin or warm your lips." He sifted his fingers through my hair. "I do not envy the sun, Eva. But I truly hate the moon, because its light touches you in all the ways I cannot.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|Sire," Oliver said as he helped Petunia to her feet, "I'd like to marry Petunia. "Of course you would," retorted the King Gregor. "But not right now! we just got those two taken care of." He pointed to the twins who were still trying to play Christian's odd game. "And weddings are expensive!
Trombone Shorty|In a couple, sometimes, one or both people have to give up their personal life, dreams and ambitions for the good of the family.
Debasish Mridha|You have a light in your heart and that is your love, it can shine like a sun to enlighten the whole world.
J.C. Ryle|Hell, hell fire, the damnation of hell, eternal damnation, the resurrection of the damnation, everlasting fire, the place of torment, destruction, outer darkness, the worm that never dies, the fire that is not quenched, the place of weeping, wailing and gnashing of teeth, everlasting punishment... these are the words which the Lord Jesus Christ Himself employs. Away with the miserable nonsense which people talk in this day who tell us that the ministers of the gospel should never speak of hell.
Paul Rudnick, Gorgeous|No. No way. That name is reserved for females with grace and elegance, not this girl. This girl is...beastly.
Jason E. Hodges, Your Words Will Sharpen|The same things that make you unique in this world, make you a target for the archers consumed by fear and jealousy.
Tom Walsh|We must trust that what we're doing has a purpose. We must realize that we're not here to make kids conform or perform, but that we're here to help them to develop their own unique skills and talents, not the ones we want them to have or the ones we think they should have.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|If you love someone, if someone loved you, if they taught you to write and made it so you could speak, how can you do nothing at all? You might as well take their words out of the dirt and try to snatch them from the wind.Because once you love, it is gone. You love and you cannot call it back.
Isaac Marion|Sex, once a law as undisputed as gravity, has been disproved. The equation is erased, the blackboard broken
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|Life is not a problem to be solved, it is a mystery to be lived.
Angela Duckworth|Loving and parenting a dog as a single parent can create all sorts of new and unusual problems, but also new sources of joy.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Children in the abstract, had never appealed to me. They seemed to be loud creatures, often dripping some form of goo.
Robert Owen|Black Consciousness seeks to infuse the black community with a new-found pride in themselves, their efforts, their value systems, their culture, their religion and their outlook to life.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Some quotes from Standing Stark:“The mind is the charioteer of experience, while the body is the vehicle that carries out the orders of its driver. The gift we have been given is the one called possibility, whose intent offers to tie all together, creating strands of a whole life rather than a disintegrated one.”“It is our own microcosmic journey that gives life meaning and weaves us into the macrocosm of existence. Life does begin with each of us. It then expands outward to touch others with how we live.”“At some time in our lives, we receive a signal to arouse from a deep sleep. If we answer the cue, we set out on a journey toward authenticity that takes us into the unknown. We begin to separate from the selves we thought we were and search for who we are.”“Set your intent and let it go. Your intent is your beginning. Worrying about the details detracts from the intent. In your strong intent, the attraction will take care of the details.”“The conscious realization I offer now is that when we learn to trust, we will be led to all we ever need. Our only job is to be awake and follow the lead.”“We can gauge the measure of truth in our lives by the lightness of our body, emotions and energy. We need only be aware in any given moment of the state of our being, and be guided. This is what we are asked to do on the spiritual path. We aren’t headed for a continuing chaotic free fall, but an order of divine nature.”“After all, if we’re on the spiritual path, we can trust that there is much we don’t know. These mysteries are hidden from us until we are ripe. The paradox is that we frantically attempt to know in order to surrender to the place of not knowing! The other paradox is that there are no mysteries because the cues are surrounding us all the time. We’re just too tied up to recognize them.”“There comes a time when we are knowingly left with the ramifications of the choices we make. While it would be comforting to think that the progressions we undertake will be painless and smooth, any change involves conflict between what was and what will be. Therein lies the opportunity for learning and alignment to an authentic life.”“Words are the shell. They feed intellectual knowledge. What lies in the middle of words is the seed that, if presented and embraced in a certain way, will take us to the place we seek.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Success is taken by the man, who has made himself ready for its arrival.
Steve Aoki|If you don't have an emotionally engaging design for a device, no one will care about it.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|A sleeping man would miss the best of the evening, and the moonrise as well.
Adele|If you got the game, you got the game. That's why Tiger Woods is out there playing golf with Greg Norman.
Eugene Cernan|I think the answer of course is that space and time are not these hard external objects. Again we're, scientists have been building from one side of nature (physics) without considering the other side (life in consciousness). Neither side exists without the other. They cannot be divorced from one another or else there is no reality.
Tom Perrotta|When men are arrested without any legal basis and for political reasons, it's merely a routine, everyday occurrence in Russia, and hardly anyone has any sympathy.
Michael Porter|Readers probably haven't heard much about it yet, but they will. Quantum technology turns ordinary reality upside down.
Gary   Hopkins|Rich or poor, money rules with an iron fist.
Debasish Mridha|Despite the violence and war, this world is the most peaceful place with the most beautiful nature in the universe.
Andrew Lang, The Lilac Fairy Book|To maintain your honesty , one must know to keep alive the spirit of chidhood
Toni Sorenson|Authentic kindness has a power greater than rock, paper and scissors combined.
Terry Pratchett|This isn’t a duality. I’m not one of the Balfour Academy soldiers, drinking a potion to become virile, ugly, and monstrously strong. There isn’t a lever inside me that determines which of me you’re talking to at once. A knife can cut or stab. The label doesn’t change. It’s still a knife.
Dan Krokos, False Memory|People need self-respect, but self-respect must be earned -- it cannot be self-respect if it's not earned -- and the only way to earn anything is to achieve it in the face of the possibility of failing.
Kelli Jae Baeli|Many common lies and hypocrisies are like that, just out of the harmony of the moment.
Jamie Zeppa, Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan|He'd drop his clothes and slip into the water. The lake's top few inches, after cooking all day in the sun, would be nearly bath warm. "I'd stretch out in the water, " he said, "and lie flat on my back, and look at the stars.
Dianne Feinstein|My marriage is on the rocks again, yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|I am a lonely man," he said again that evening. "And is it not possible that you are also a lonely person? But I am an older man, and I can live with my loneliness, quietly. You are young, and it must be difficult to accept your loneliness. You must sometimes want to fight it.""But I am not at all lonely.""Youth is the loneliest time of all. Otherwise, why should you come so often to my house?"Sensei continued: "But surely, when you are with me, you cannot rid yourself of your loneliness. I have not it in me to help you forget it. You will have to look elsewhere for the consolation you seek. And soon, you will find that you no longer want to visit me."As he said this, Sensei smiled sadly.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|The soul’s a matter of the heart, Robert, and the heart’s a mystery even the greatest scientists don’t understand.
Lisa Marie Main, Morning Light Coven|Perhaps I am the only person who, asked whether she were a witch or not, could truthfully say, "I do not know. I do know some very strange things have happened to me, or through me."Lady Alice Rowhedge
Janet Evanovich, The Job|When he lifted his head, she clung to his shoulders, both of them breathing hard. He cradled her cheek in one palm. “I’m not asking you to believe now. I know it’s too soon for that, after…well, after everything. If you can believe just for this second, then for the one after that, and after that, soon you’re believing in me, in us, all the while. Think you can handle that? This second?”She smiled, desire pulling at her again. “I can do that.”An answering smile flirted with his mouth. He kissed her. “What about this one?”“I can do that too.”He lowered his mouth to hers again. “How about this one?
James Houston|A journey by Sea and Land, Five Hundred Miles, is not undertaken without money.
Sean Condon, Lonely Planet Journeys: Drive Thru America|The South: Three-wheeled Piggly Wiggly shopping carts, grease-caked engine blocks, baby strollers with shredded black hoods, Soviet rocket parts, human skulls on spikes and orange-eyed Rottweilers on heavy chains breathing fire...
Alfred Lord Tennyson|As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want.
Ash Gray, The Infinite Athenaeum|This is the Rock, sweetheart,” the owner added. “There’s no tragedy you can’t profit from.
Deyth Banger|Making a home is hard work, and for some reason it's underappreciated. It's way to make sense of things.
