Arthur Henderson|Don't settle; don't compromise. Freeze your eggs, get your sociology doctorate, worry more about war and pestilence and the incredible inequality of geographical birth than finding your soulmate.
Paula Graves, Dead Man's Curve|My only relationship policy is, don’t bring your dirty laundry to work, no sex on company furniture and don’t let it affect your work.
Voltaire, Candide|So everything lets us down, including curiosity and honesty and what we love best. Yes, said the voice, but cheer up, it's fun in the end.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|But knowledge does not protect one. Life is contemptuous of knowledge; it forces it to sit in the anterooms, to wait outside. Passion, energy, lies: these are what life admires.
Thomas Van Nortwick, Imagining Men: Ideals of Masculinity in Ancient Greek Culture|Granddaddy had told me about the wasp that could opt to be male or female while in a larval stage. An interesting thought. I wondered why human children weren't given that option in their grub stage, say up through age five. With everything I had seen about the lives of boys and girls, I would definitely choose to be a boy grub.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|Hire and promote first on the basis of integrity; second, motivation; third, capacity; fourth, understanding; fifth, knowledge; and last and least, experience. Without integrity, motivation is dangerous; without motivation, capacity is impotent; without capacity, understanding is limited; without understanding, knowledge is meaningless; without knowledge, experience is blind. Experience is easy to provide and quickly put to good use by people with all the other qualities.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|If we really want to learn how to forgive, perhaps we had better start with something easier than the Gestapo.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|Look at that crowd', he said disgustedly. 'They think it's a circus.''And not a single coin are they donating', said Dina.'That's not surprising. Pity can only be shown in small doses. When so many beggars are in one place, the public goes like this' - he put his fists to his eyes, like binoculars.
C.G. Jung|I read somewhere that a man should tell the story of his life at the age of forty, and this deadline is fast approaching as I write these lines, only a few short weeks remain before this ominous birthday arrives.
William Shakespeare, The Two Noble Kinsmen|This world's a city full of straying streets, and death's the market-place where each one meets.
Nolan Ryan|I think everybody had difficulties with that dynamic, turning the family into a band and being constantly together. So everybody, as individuals. had things to sort out.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Cara: I used to believe everything my brother told me, because he was older and I figured he knew more about the world. But as it turns out, being a grown-up doesn't mean you're fearless. It just means you fear different things.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Some even “peek through” their computer screens to see themselves on FB as others see them, in order to be sure of who they really are. In effect, they have become self-voyeurs!
Anne Rouen, Master of Illusion|She was destroyed many years ago, La Belle, on the cobblestones of the alley beside the opera house ...
Toba Beta|We must keep our thought secret, and judge everything by it, while talking like the people.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Visitation Day - I was not even born yet when the world stopped turning, twenty years ago. It is hard for me to imagine that moment, though I have heard the tale many times, for I have never seen the light of the moon or a sunrise
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Waiters and quitters have a little difference; quitters begin well but do not finish it; waiters do not begin it at all. Don’t be part of their tragedy. Go, make it happen now!
Seamus Heaney|I did this book 'Harvest for Hope,' and I learned so much about food. And one thing I learned is that we have the guts not of a carnivore, but of an herbivore. Herbivore guts are very long because they have to get the last bit of nutrition out of leaves and things.
N.K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season|I remember reading article about the woman in that Oakland neighborhood who lost all her children to violence. I wondered why'd she keep living there after the first one was killed. Didn't she care about the others?Today, I zoomed out and wondered why I'm still in America.
WIlliam R. Keates, Proceed with Caution: A Diary of the First Year at One of America's Largest, Most Prestigious Law Firms|My gaze moved to Vance. He was looking up at me and I could read nothing in his eyes."Another pop?" I asked.He shook his head but kept watching me. I looked at the floor and started from the room.I had to pass Vance's chair to get to the kitchen. As I did, I slowed and as if it had a mind of it's own, my hand came out and I ran the backs of my finger's along Vance's jaw.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|If only they would not look at one so-What great misery can be in two such small spots, no bigger than a man's thumb-in their eyes!
Daisaku Ikeda|Reality is harsh. It can be cruel and ugly. Yet no matter how much we grieve over our environment and circumstances nothing will change. What is important is not to be defeated, to forge ahead bravely. If we do this, a path will open before us.
Alan W. Watts|When you're betting for tiles in an archery contest, you shoot with skill. When you're betting for fancy belt buckles, you worry about your aim. And when you're betting for real gold, you're a nervous wreck. Your skill is the same in all three cases - but because one prize means more to you than another, you let outside considerations weigh on your mind. He who looks too hard at the outside gets clumsy on the inside.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|Peter Pan has to be the book of my childhood. Come to think of it, it's the book of my adulthood too. It's a book which, in the reading of it, takes me back to editions that I've had and lost, with various illustrators' work in them. It brings back moments sitting reading it with my mother. It brings back my first contact with the Disney cartoon. It brings back standing in the play-yard when I was a kid, when the wind was really blowing, and closing my eyes, spreading my arms and pretending I could fly. It brings back childhood dreams of flying. It brings back the first encounter I ever had with an invented world... Never Never Land was really the first journey I took to an invented world which I believed in wholly and completely. I remember the immense solidarity that I felt with the Lost Boys, with Peter, with the Indians - how much I wanted to be a Red Indian - how much the saving of Tiger Lily meant to me as a kid, how much I wanted to one day wake up and save an Indian squaw from drowning.
Dalai Lama XIV|Politics devoid of ethics does not further human welfare, and life without morality reduces humans to the level of beasts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every morning, look in the mirror and affirm positive words into your life.
C.S. Lewis|[God] sees before Him in fact a self-centred, greedy, grumbling, rebellious human animal. But He says "Let us pretend that this is not a mere creature, but our Son. It is like Christ in so far as it is a Man, for He became Man. Let us pretend that it is also like Him in Spirit. Let us treat it as if it were what in fact it is not. Let us pretend in order to make the pretence into a reality." God looks at you as if you were a little Christ: Christ stands beside you to turn you into one. I daresay this idea of a divine makebelieve sounds rather strange at first. But, is it so strange really? Is not that how the higher thing always raises the lower? A mother teaches her baby to talk by talking to it as if it understood long before it really does.
Anatoly Kuznetsov, Babi Yar: A Document in the Form of a Novel|That there is in this world neither brains, nor goodness, nor good sense, but only brute force. Bloodshed. Starvation. Death. That there was not the slightest hope not even a glimmer of hope, of justice being done. It would never happen. No one would ever do it. The world was just one big Babi Yar. And there two great forces had come up against each other and were striking against each other like hammer and anvil, and the wretched people were in between, with no way out; each individual wanted only to live and not be maltreated, to have something to eat, and yet they howled and screamed and in their fear they were grabbing at each other’s throats, while I, little blob of watery jelly, was sitting in the midst of this dark world. Why? What for? Who had done it all? There was nothing, after all, to hope for! Winter. Night.
Rob Thomas|Before I got Doctor Who, I went to the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. I went back to take the final grade exam, which is the grade you have to take before you can take the teacher's diploma.
Steve Almond, My Life in Heavy Metal: Stories|The body releases its electricity, merges with another, and together there is something like God in this pleasure. But afterward, in the quiet redolent air, there must also be offerings of truth. And so the mystery of love deepens.
Patrick Mendis, Peaceful War: How the Chinese Dream and the American Destiny Create a New Pacific World Order|...people called it justice, but prison doesn't make everything better," he observes. "Just because someone pays a price doesn't mean they didn't steal from you to begin with.
Bruce Weber|I have always been attracted to apostrophe, perhaps because of its resemblance to prayer. A voice reaches out to something beyond itself that cannot answer it. I find that moving in part because it enacts what is true of all address and communication on some level - it cannot fully be heard, understood, or answered.
Richard P. Feynman|I wanted to make an explicitly educational comic that taught readers the concepts I covered in my introductory programming class. That's what 'Secret Coders' is. It's both a fun story about a group of tweens who discover a secret coding school, and an explanation of some foundational ideas in computer science.
Michael Caine|When we were doing 'Freaks and Geeks', I didn't quite understand how movies and TV worked, and I would improvise even if the camera wasn't on me. I thought I was helping the other actors by keeping them on their toes, but nobody appreciated it when I would trip them up. So I was improvising a little bit back then, but not in a productive way.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Air He Breathes|I think that perhaps everyone has a moment that splits their life in two. When you look back on your own time line there's a sharp spike somewhere along the way, some event that changed you, changed your life more than the others. A moment that creates a before and an after. Maybe it's when you meet your love or you figure out your life's passion or you have your first child. Maybe it's something wonderful. Maybe it's something tragic. But when it happens it tints your memories, shifts your perspective on your own life and it suddenly seems as if everyone you've been through falls under the label of pre or post.
Barack Obama|There was part of me that wanted to see the world and travel to distant places, but I could only do it in my imagination, so I read ferociously and imagined things.
Pat Conroy|Read the great books, gentlemen,” Mr. Monte said one day. “Just the great ones. Ignore the others. There’s not enough time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When I have money, I invest in buying books. My personal development by reading these books is my greatest pleasure.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|One could never know anything except through desire, real desire, which was not the same thing as greed or lust; a pure, painful and primitive desire, a longing for everything that was not in oneself, a torment of the flesh, that carried one beyond the limits of one's mind to other times and other places, and even, if one was lucky, to a place where there was no border between oneself and one's image in the mirror.
Moffat Machingura|The first step is the hardest in every journey of dreams. So If you have had the tenacity to begin then we are confident that the hardest part of your mission is the one lying behind you. Step into the future, knowing that God has got you this far as a promise that He is able to get you beyond. Step into the future with focus knowing that the only way to kill your dream is trying to find another. Step into the future knowing that if you are not living your faith you are living your fears.
Joshua Teya|Racism is not simply about one man's irrational hatred of another but his self-hatred, doubting his own moral goodness and purpose.
Jesse Lauriston Livermore|In life's journey, having the ability to predict the future gives us an unfair advantage. If we can understand the laws of cause and effect, anyone can predict the future. What we do today leads us to tomorrow's destination.Why does this simple truth seem to be difficult for most people to understand?
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|Mama, I know you used to ride the bus. Riding the bus and it’s hot and bumpy and crowded and too noisy and more than anything in the world you want to get off and the only reason in the world you don’t get off is it’s still fifty blocks from where you’re going? Well, I can get off right now if I want to, because even if I ride fifty more years and get off then, it’s the same place when I step down to it. Whenever I feel like it, I can get off. As soon as I’ve had enough, it’s my stop. I’ve had enough.
Natalie Valdes, Pinky Promise?|There had been a computer he had also built himself on the farthest corner of the room, but he had sold that a couple of months ago to buy me a necklace. I wore it then, it was two silver hearts linked as one. That’s what he and I were, we we’re one.
Bill Wilson|When we retire at night, we constructively review our day. Were we resentful, selfish, dishonest or afraid? Do we owe an apology? Have we kept something to ourselves which should be discussed with another person at once? Were we kind and loving toward all? What could we have done better? Were we thinking of ourselves most of the time? Or were we thinking of what we could do for others, of what we could pack into the stream of life? But we must be careful not to drift into worry, remorse or morbid reflection, for that would diminish our usefulness to others. After making our review we ask God’s forgiveness and inquire what corrective measures should be taken.On awakening let us think about the twenty-four hours ahead. We consider our plans for the day. Before we begin, we ask God to direct our thinking, especially asking that it be divorced from self-pity, dishonest or self-seeking motives. Under these conditions we can employ our mental faculties with assurance, for after all God gave us brains to use. Our thought-life will be placed on a much higher plane when our thinking is cleared of wrong motives.In thinking about our day we may face indecision. We may not be able to determine which course to take. Here we ask God for inspiration, an intuitive thought or a decision. We relax and take it easy. We don’t struggle. We are often surprised how the right answers come after we have tried this for a while.What used to be the hunch or the occasional inspiration gradually becomes a working part of the mind. Being still inexperienced and having just made conscious contact with God, it is not probable that we are going to be inspired at all times. We might pay for this presumption in all sorts of absurd actions and ideas. Nevertheless, we find that our thinking will, as time passes, be more and more on the plane of inspiration. We come to rely upon it. We usually conclude the period of meditation with a prayer that we be shown all through the day what our next step is to be, that we be given whatever we need to take care of such problems. We ask especially for freedom from self-will, and are careful to make no request for ourselves only. We may ask for ourselves, however, if others will be helped. We are careful never to pray for our own selfish ends. Many of us have wasted a lot of time doing that and it doesn’t work. You can easily see why.
George Orwell|How does one hate a country, or love one?... I know people, I know towns, farms, hills and rivers and rocks, I know how the sun at sunset in autumn falls on the side of a certain plowland in the hills; but what is the sense of giving a boundary to all that, of giving a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? What is the love of one's country; is it hate of one's uncountry? Then it's not a good thing.
Kishore Bansal|A god who gave us everything we wanted would be the most malevolent god of all. With an infantile curiosity, we insist on tasting the cockroach on the floor while our father is preparing a magnificent feast for us.
Helen Steiner Rice|When you are in troubled and worried and sick at heartAnd your plans are upset and your world falls apart,Remember God's ready and waiting to shareThe burden you find much to heavy to bear--So with faith, "Let Go and Let GOD" lead your wayInto a brighter and less troubled day
Winifred Gallagher|In a variation on James's recipe for interesting experience--the familiar leavened by the novel--Hobbs's "art of choosing difficulties" requires selecting projects that are "just manageable." If an activity is too easy, you lose focus and get bored. If it's too hard, you become anxious, overwhelmed, and unable to concentrate. Tellingly, one group is distinguished by its zeal for the kind of work that requires you to give it all you've got: high achievers particularly relish taking on risky projects that have only a 50/50 chance of success.
Malcolm X|Kids should speak to each other. They're horrid to each other online, they bully each other - they should shut up and stop it. The problem with social media is there is too much freedom. It's too much, too young.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Why do people resist [engines, bridges, and cities] so? They are symbols and products of the imagination, which is the force that ensures justice and historical momentum in an imperfect world, because without imagination we would not have the wherewithal to challenge certainty, and we could never rise above ourselves.
Gena Showalter, Wicked Nights|But you will trust me again, Annabelle. You will want me again, and we will be together. I will behave. You'll see. - Zacharel
Fiston Mwanza Mujila, Tram 83|Thom pulled nervously at his ‘Kings’ t-shirt. The Kings are a brutal West African gang that he follows onscreen. Such ‘tourist shows’, as I understand they are called, have become wildly popular in recent years, as global unrest makes actual travel less popular. Armoured imaging teams, using tiny remote drone cameras known as ‘flies’, take the viewer inside the violent, gang-controlled regions of Nigeria and Cameroon. Using a touch screen, viewers (or ‘zoners’ as they are sometimes called) can follow the action from multiple angles while cheering on their favourite gang.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Imagine that a literalist and a moderate have gone to a restaurant for lunch, and the menu promises "fresh lobster" as the speciality of the house. Loving lobster, the literalist simply places his order and waits. The moderate does likewise, but claims to be entirely comfortable with the idea that the lobster might not really be a lobster after all—perhaps it's a goose! And, whatever it is, it need not be "fresh" in any conventional sense—for the moderate understands that the meaning of this term shifts according to context. This would be a very strange attitude to adopt toward lunch, but it is even stranger when considering the most important questions of existence—what to live for, what to die for, and what to kill for. Consequently, the appeal of literalism isn't difficult to see. Human beings reflexively demand it in almost every area of their lives. It seems to me that religious people, to the extent that they're 'certain' that their scripture was written or inspired by the Creator of the universe, demand it too. - pg. 67-68
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Lacking natural equilibrium, I used writing as an illustrative means to center myself in a world filled with haziness and uncertainty. My self-drafted obituary will not bemoan death but shall celebrate life by giving heartfelt thanks for all the people that brightened actuality with their kindness, friendship, noble acts of charity, and expressions of universal goodwill. It was a privilege to exist in this wrinkle of time with many people devoted to burnishing the sharpen edges of life. The heavens blessed me with many years to discover why it is beautiful to live and die in a world where the hills and wind, the rivers and seas, stars and moon, and revealing sunlight shall persevere.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible: A Classic Feminist Perspective|We are all powerless to heal ourselves. Research shows that self-help statements have been found to be ineffective and even harmful by making some people with low self-esteem feel even worse about themselves in the long term. As a matter of fact, positive self-statements frequently end up reinforcing and strengthening one’s original negative self-perception they were trying to change.
Charles Bukowski|He asked, "What makes a man a writer?" "Well," I said, "it's simple. You either get it down on paper, or jump off a bridge.
Agatha Christie, Third Girl|Even greater than my fear that l was crazy, was my lifelong dread that someone would find out.
K. Stephens|Jamie came back to the apartment one night to find her spreading a viscous fluid onto a canvas. It was threaded wtih blood. "Good God," he said. "What the hell is that?"  Pia didn't bother to look up but continued to knead the clear slime across the canvas. "It's my new piece." "But what is it?" He kept pointing. He'd never seen something so disgusting in his life. And her hands were completely in it.  "It's Jodie's placenta. She gave it to me. I'm going to tack it up and let it dry on this canvas. Then I'm gonna glue-gun pictures of dead fetuses onto Lucite and make them the centerpeice." "Uh huh." She raised her sticky hands to him. "It's about women, you know? The way that the world opresses them, all right? And it's about babies, and . . . I don't know . . . I just got the placenta today." "Wow, that's wow . . . that's . . ." No words for this. He scratched his chin as she spread her hands in a concentric motion across the canvas. "So, do you really think anyone's gonna want to put that up on their wall when it's done?" he asked.  She scowled, displeased.
Jean Baudrillard|It is the task of radical thought, since the world is given to us in unintelligibility, to make it more unintelligible, more enigmatic, more fabulous.
Richard Powers, The Time of Our Singing|The world is vicious, too huge to care about even its own survival
Molly O'Keefe|Like my best friend, I asked for drums for Christmas, and got them. But when he moved on to guitar, I realized two things: (1) guitar is a much more expressive instrument, (2) way more girls pay attention to guitar players than to drummers.
Gabrielle Bossis, He and I|One would say You had not left me for a single instant. "Did you doubt it?
Iben Dissing Sandahl, The Danish Way of Parenting: What the Happiest People in the World Know About Raising Confident, Capable Kids|The best gift you can give your children is to keep yourself emotionally, physically, spiritually and intellectually healthy.
Jerry Spinelli, Hokey Pokey|If you believe it, it happens. If you don't, it doesn't. When you believe him, you put your own power in his hands.
Hilary Rhoda|We all wake up in the morning wanting to live our lives the way we know we should. But we usually don't, in small ways. That's what makes a character like Batman so fascinating. He plays out our conflicts on a much larger scale.
Deyth Banger|It's three words "Alter your life" which mean change your life. It's not so easy, but it's not so hard everyone can do it.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|When one person suffers from a delusion, it is called insanity. When many people suffer from a delusion it is called a Religion.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Simon stopped listening. He realised he'd had enough. Enough of the theories, enough of the mystery, enough of the bullshit. Enough of the soldiers and guns and MI5. Enough of bugs in phones and in people he cared about. Enough of not being cared about back. Enough of uncertainty and lies and civilisation, collapsing or not. Enough of is part in it, his place, his role; the character of Simon Parfitt and all the baggage it entailed.
Brynn Myers, Redemption|He paused, watching Charlie breathing slowly in and out for a moments. "Were it not for the assistance of your young 'monster,' here, you almost certainly would not have survived Swift's attack. Marlowe is a good man," Jackaby added, thoughtfully, "but he only knows how to slay dragons. This world is full of dragons-slayers. What we need are a few people who aren't too proud to listen to a fish.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Señor d.‘Anconia, what do you think is going to happen to the world?”“Just exactly what it deserves.”“Oh, how cruel!”“Don’t you believe in the operation of the moral law, madame?” Francisco asked gravely. “I do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our daily conversation when we meet each other, whether it be in the office or on the campus or in the shop, should be concerned with the things of God.
Gillian Shields, Betrayal|That first time, when he presses his lips against mine and kisses the words ‘I Love You’ right down into the very heart of my soul, that’s when I knew we were about to be ripped apart. -Morgan
Ann Marston, Cloudbearer's Shadow|Even now, I found it difficult to believe that my father could or might be dying. He had always been a strong man, a good leader. No one had ever seen him with his head bowed in despair or defeat, no one had ever seen him slump in resignation, nor had anyone ever had even so much as a hint from him that he might ever give up. It was hard to picture all that strength drained from my father’s body.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Man was bestowed with intelligence, only to gauge his foolishness!
Diane Johnson|Statuettes of drunken sailors, velvet pictures of island maidens, plastic seashell lamps made in Taiwan. What contempt the people who think up souvenirs have for other people.
Lisa Kleypas, Cold-Hearted Rake|Well,” he sighed, squeezing my hand back. “I guess we were both running away in different ways.”“What do you mean?”Dad shook his head. “Your mother took a Mustang. I took a whiskey bottle.” He reached up and readjusted his glasses, an unconscious habit-he always did it when he was making a point. “I was so devastated by what your mother did to me that I forgot how horrible drinking is. I forgot to look on the bright side.”“Dad,” I said, “I don’t think there is a bright side to divorce. It’s a pretty sucky thing all around.”He nodded. “Maybe that’s true, but there are a lot of bright sides to my life. I have a job I like, a nice house in a good neighborhood, and a wonderful daughter.”I rolled my eyes. “Oh God,” I muttered. “Don’t go all Lifetime movie on me. Seriously.”“I’m sorry,” he said, smiling. “But I mean it. A lot of people would kill for my life, but I didn’t even consider that. I took it-and you-for granted. I’m so, so sorry for that, Bumblebee.
William Shakespeare, The Two Gentlemen of Verona|Nay, 'twill be this hour ere I have done weeping. All the kind of the Launces have this very fault. I have received my proportion, like the prodigious son, and am going with Sir Proteus to the Imperial's court. I think Crab, my dog, be the sourest-natured dog that lives. My mother weeping, my father wailing, my sister crying, our maid howling, our cat wringing her hands, and all our house in a great perplexity, yet did not this cruel-hearted cur shed one tear. He is a stone, a very pebble stone, and has no more pity in him than a dog. A Jew would have wept to have seen our parting. Why, my grandam, having no eyes, look you, wept herself blind at my parting. Nay, I'll show you the manner of it. This shoe is my father. No, this left shoe is my father. No, no, this left shoe is my mother. Nay, that cannot be so neither. Yes, it is so, it is so -- it hath the worser sole. This shoe with the hole in it is my mother, and this my father. A vengeance on't! There 'tis. Now, sir, this staff is my sister, for, look you, she is as white as a lily and as small as a wand. This hat is Nan, our maid. I am the dog. No, the dog is himself, and I am the dog -- O, the dog is me, and I am myself. Ay, so, so. Now come I to my father: 'Father, your blessing.' Now should not the shoe speak a word for weeping. Now should I kiss my father -- well, he weeps on. Now come I to my mother. O, that she could speak now like a wood woman! Well, I kiss her -- why, there 'tis: here's my mother's breath up and down. Now come I to my sister; mark the moan she makes. Now the dog all this while sheds not a tear nor speaks a word!
Jason Whitlock|When you swallow that pride, Eve, take care you don't choke on it.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|We can smile when facing a challenge, if we believe in ourselves that we won’t back down.
Douglas Wilson|Inside the opponent’s 45-yard line, facing anything less than fourth and eight, teams are better off going for it than punting. Inside the opponent’s 33-yard line, they are better off going for it on anything less than fourth and 11.* Regardless of field position, on anything less than fourth and five, teams are always better off going for it.
Dorothy Parker|Nobody knows how things will turn out, that's why they go ahead and play the game...You give it your all and sometimes amazing things happen, but it's hardly ever what you expect.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|; the man who does not "understand" a woman is happy to replace his subjective deficiency with an objective resistance; instead of admitting his ignorance, he recognizes the presence of a mystery exterior to himself: here is an excuse that flatters his laziness and vanity at the same time.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|These books have not made George nobler or better or more truly wise. It is just that he likes listening to their voices, the one or the other, acording to his mood. He misuses them quite ruthlessly - despite the respectful way he has to talk about them in public - to put him to bed, to take his mind off the hands of the clock, to relax the nagging of his pyloric spasm, to gossip him out of his melancholy, to trigger the conditioned reflexes of his colon.
Tom Brady|Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but how we react to what happens, not by what life brings us but the attitude we bring to life.
Orson Scott Card, Empire|As god is my witness, it was never my intent to throw out the constitution. I thought it was hanging by a thread, and I could save it... You don't save it by cutting that thread. - President Nielson
Jaroslav Pelikan, Jesus Through the Centuries: His Place in the History of Culture|One example is the familiar parable of the prodigal son (Luke 15:11-32), which in some ways might be better called the parable of the elder brother. For the point of the parable as a whole - a point frequently overlooked by Christian interpreters, in their eagerness to stress the uniqueness and particularity of the church as the prodigal younger son who has been restored to the father's favor - is in the closing words of the father to the elder brother, who stands for the people of Israel: 'Son, you are always with me, and all that is mine is yours. It was fitting to make merry and be glad, for this your brother was dead, and is alive; he was lost, and is found.' The historic covenant between God and Israel was permanent, and it was into this covenant that other peoples too, were now being introduced. This parable of Jesus affirmed both the tradition of God's continuing relation with Israel and the innovation of God's new relation with the church - a twofold covenant.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Choose your battles wisely.Unless you have a very highchance of victory, spare yourenergy and walk away
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Can I tell you something?”“Yeah.” I wished I could tell him it was okay to keep touching my face, but that would probably be weird. Totally sounded weird in my head. And would be really inappropriate. Totally inappropriate.His lashes lowered and the lopsided grin appeared. “I always knew you’d be beautiful one day.”My breath hitched as I sat straighter. What was left of the pizza, just the crust, was totally forgotten. My ears had to be smoking crack or something.A flush swept across his cheeks as one side of his lips kicked up. “I just never thought I’d get to see how beautiful you’d become.
Chuck Klosterman|Don’t criticize what you don’t understand, son. You never walked in that man’s shoes.
Peter Ustinov|If you belonged to a political party or a social club that was tied to as much bigotry, misogyny, homophobia, violence, and sheer ignorance as religion is, you'd resign in protest.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|I pulled a dirty black sweatshirt from the laundry basket on my son’s floor and tried to drink in his scent, to savor the essence of my sweet boy. I inhaled it long and hard, wanting to permanently implant all of him in my brain, to make him last forever.
Miriam Joy, Crossroads Poetry|Still as On windless nights The moon-cast shadows are, So still will be my heart when I Am dead.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Take care. If you do not speak – I shall claim you as my own in some strange presumptuous way. Send me away at once, if I must go; – Margaret! –
Steven Mithen, The Prehistory of the Mind: The Cognitive Origins of Art, Religion and Science|[W]hen trying to understand the character of the modern mind, it is impossible to separate the effects of genes and the developmental environment.
Marie-Catherine d'Aulnoy, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|I squared my shoulders, trying to ignore the fact that I was standing in the apartment of the sea witch, wearing a fairy-tale prom gown, waiting for the attack of the mermaids.
St. Clare of Assisi|Never forget that the way which leads to heaven is narrow; that the gate leading to life is narrow and low; that there are but few who find it and enter by it; and if there be some who go in and tread the narrow path for some time, there are but very few who persevere therein.
Margaret Thatcher|Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|A valise without straps. A hole without a key. She had a German mouth, French ears, Russian ass. Cunt international. When the flag waved it was red all the way back to the throat. You entered on the Boulevard Jules-Ferry and came out at the Porte de la Villette. You droppedyour sweetbreads into the tumbrils – red tumbrils with two wheels, naturally. At the confluence of the Ourcq and Marne, where the water sluices through the dikes and lies like glass under thebridges.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Bad habits are like comfort zones; easier to get into, but harder to get out of.
Eudora Welty|A whole tree of lightning stood in the sky. She kept looking out the window, suffused with the warmth from the fire and with the pity and beauty and power of her death. The thunder rolled.
Robert J. Sawyer, WWW: Wake|Politics is the art of achieving the maximum amount of freedom for individuals that is consistent with the maintenance of social order,
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians|By now, it is probably very late at night, and you have stayed up to read this book when you should have gone to sleep. If this is the case, then I commend you for falling into my trap. It is a writer's greatest pleasure to hear that someone was kept up until the unholy hours of the morning reading one of his books. It goes back to authors being terrible people who delight in the suffering of others. Plus, we get a kickback from the caffeine industry...
Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea|It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I sat down and tried to write a story."Ian MacArthur is a wonderful sweet fellow who wears glasses and peers out of them with delight."That was the first sentence. The problem was that I just couldn't think of the next one. After cleaning my room three times, I decided to leave Ian alone for a while because I was starting to get mad at him.
Nikki Rowe|Despite I may be surrounded by many friends, there is not one that interests me as much as you do
Deyth Banger|A true Master is not a man, or in some cases a woman, that likes to fuck hard or control. People like that are asses. It's also illegal and called abuse. A proper Dom is a person that, no matter what will be there for you. Not just sexually, but emotionally and physically. He's not a sub's abuser, but her ultimate comforter. Likewise, with a sub, she has an inner need to please her Master. No matter where they are or what they are doing, the simple tone of his voice makes her body alert and willing to obey his every wish.
Bernard of Clairvaux|Yes, he said, taking her hand. And now I think I finally understand that old expression - a sight for sore eyes.
Orhan Pamuk|When I moved to the East Village in the late seventies, I wanted to be a street performer, so I practiced daily. I never did work up the skills or the courage to perform on the street, though.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|The Yogic path is about disentangling the built-in glitches of the human condition, which I'm going to over-simply define here as the heartbreaking inability to sustain contentment. Different schools of thought over the centuries have found different explanation for man's apparently inherently flawed state. Taoists call it imbalance, Buddism calls it ignorance, Islam blames our misery on rebellion against God, and the Judeo-Christian tradition attributes all our suffering to original sin. Freudians say that unhappiness is the inevitable result of the clash between our natural drives and civilization's needs. (As my friend Deborah the psychologist explains it: "Desire is the design flaw.") The Yogis, however, say that human discontentment is a simple case of mistaken identity. We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentments and mortality. We wrongly believe that our limited little egos constitute our whole entire nature. We have failed to recognize our deeper divine character. We don't realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme Self who is eternally at peace. That supreme Self is our true identity, universal and divine. Before you realize this truth, say the Yogis, you will always be in despair, a notion nicely expressed in this exasperated line from the Greek stoic philosopher Epictetus: "You bear God within you, poor wretch, and know it not.
Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People|Pain is the price we pay for being alive. Dead cells—our hair, our fingernails—can’t feel pain; they cannot feel anything. When weunderstand that, our question will change from, “Why do we have to feel pain?” to “What do we do with our pain so that it becomesmeaningful and not just pointless empty suffering? How can we turn all the painful experiences of our lives into birth pangs or intogrowing pains?” We may not ever understand why we suffer or be able to control the forces that cause our suffering, but we can have alot to say about what the suffering does to us, and what sort of people we become because of it. Pain makes some people bitter andenvious. It makes others sensitive and compassionate. It is the result, not the cause, of pain that makes some experiences of painmeaningful and others empty and destructive.
Deyth Banger|The world is filled with colours galore, each day is a colourful festivity.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|Maybe your sperm is so mighty, you shoot magic bullets."His intent expression splintered, and he burst out laughing. Almost as quickly, he sobered again and told her with a completely straight face, "Of course I do.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|All right," said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly, beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
Thabang Gideon Magaola|Futurists and common sense concur that a substantial change, worldwide, in life-style and moral guidelines will soon become an absolute necessity.
Rachelle Dekker, The Choosing|What are we without belief, without purpose?
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Forbidden things - my God, I'm drawn to them like a moth to a flame.
Anna C. Salter|People, in general, tend to project onto others their own state of mind. Well-meaning people inevitably assume other people are well meaning. People who cheat assume everyone cheats. People who deceive assume everybody deceives.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Lana Vawser, Desperately Deep|Decide now to enter heaven one day from a life of fullness and walking in depth of revelation of his love, instead of crawling over the line beaten and bruised and discouraged.
Andrew Sturm, The Kirkwood Project|No matter how you twist and turn, your ass is always in the back.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|In all controversies, it is better to wait the decisions of time, which are slow and sure, than to take those of synods, which are often hasty and injudicious
Sandi Layne, Éire's Captive Moon|One word was the method by which the state collected their information. They could reel in the informants and spread them out like tentacles, ready to sting in any direction.
Auliq Ice|This life-enhancing, happiness-inducing miracle drug that does, in fact, ruthlessly kill its enemies—you’ve guessed it—is gratitude.
Mara Dabrishus, Stay the Distance|No matter what, my chest always tightens up before a race. A rush of adrenaline spikes all the way down my spine, and it's like I'm right there. Right on top of Kali, squeezed in that metal stall, looking out at the dirt with my heart in my throat. The starter opens the gates, and the bell rings.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Why would anyone want to live in a cage when we are free persons? This is the point to make, when we can rattle cages it means we are behind bars and are not free.
Garry Kasparov|People keep on saying, "Don't Think Much." Is it underrated? You can't be creative enough unless you make a thoughtful process by collaborating your conscience and consciousness
Sunday Adelaja|A responsible citizen is the one that sees something wrong in the society, something he is not satisfied with or that he cannot agree with and responds not by blaming the government or leaders. But by designing ways and means of bringing a lasting solution to the issues at hand
Aliya Whiteley, The Beauty|Whenever you possess something, but lack the understanding of its value, there are some consequences you suffer.
Kiera Cass|Heal my heart and make it clean, open up my eyes to the things unseen, show me how to love like you have loved me.
Elizabeth Tallent|I watch the beautiful performance with an ache in my chest.Then, just when I can’t stand the sadness anymore, a dancer floats out from the side of the stage. A dancer in ragged clothes, filthy and half starved. He’s not even in ballet shoes. He’s just barefoot as he glides out to take his place in the dance.The other dancers turn to him, and it’s clear that he is one of them. One of the lost ones. By the look on their faces, they weren’t expecting him. This is not part of the practiced show. He must have seen them onstage and joined in.Amazingly, the dance continues without a missed beat. The newcomer simply glides into place, and the final dancer who should have danced solo with her missing partner dances with the newcomer.It is full of joy, and the ballerina actually laughs. Her voice is clear and high, and it lifts us all.
Rodrigo Duterte|The mornings along the coast where the fog and mist meet with the salty spray of the seas is one of my favourite smells. I love the smell in the evergreen forest just after it rains - The Redwood Forest in California has the coast, too, so you have the best of everything!
Richard M. Nixon|Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|When the wind is against you, like a kite, have your chord of faith rooted and you would fly highest ever.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|While it is important on the one hand that laxness in dealing with sin be avoided, it is equally important on the other to shun harsh judgment and groundless suspicion.
Steven Magee|It is a sad state of affairs that I donot know of any astronomer who fully understands the energy in their own daily environment. Untilthat changes, Dark Energy will always be a mystery to the astronomical community.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|It was a strange thing, to still be in love with your wife and to not know if you liked her. What would happen when this was all over? Could you forgive someone if she hurt you and the people you love, if she truly believed she was only trying to help?I had filed for divorce, but that wasn't what I really wanted. What I really wanted was for all of us to go back two years, and start over. Had I ever really told her that?
Dodie Clark|It won't give up, it wants me deadGoddamn this noise inside my head
Rickie Fowler|Some of us pray demands. Some of us pray complaints. Some of us pray knowing, and some of us pray not knowing. But prayer is the attitude that you hold in your heart.
William Krystol|She could have wept. It was bad, it was bad, it was infinitely bad! She could have done it differently of course; the colour could have been thinned and faded; the shapes etherealised; that was how Paunceforte would have seen it. But then she did not see it like that. She saw the colour burning on a framework of steel; the light of a butterfly’s wing lying upon the arches of a cathedral.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|If the soul is immortal, it demands our care not only for that part of time which we call life, but for all time; and indeed it would seem now that it will be extremely dangerous to neglect it. If death were a release from everything, it would be a boon for the wicked, because by dying they would be released not only from the body but also from their own wickedness together with the soul; but as it is, since the soul is clearly immortal, it can have no escape of security from evil except by becoming as good and wise as it possibly can. For it takes nothing with it to the next world except its education and training...
Sanhita Baruah|the girl with a moustache" they called me every now and then"It's about time you wax your arms" those who "cared" saidI faced the fears of the dreaded thread on my faceTo succumb every other week to the world's ways
Susan Faludi, In the Darkroom|At a crucial point in my early twenties, being able to end a pregnancy had restored to me what I regarded as a normal life. I remember that it saved me.
Abraham Lincoln|Passion is what gets you through the hardest times that might otherwise make strong men weak, or make you give up.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|In order to butterfly kiss, does it require caterpillar lips?
Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages Singles Edition|Love doesn't erase the past, but it makes the future different.
Eduard Shevardnadze|Oh, do not read history, for that I know must be false.
Ambrose Bierce, The Moonlit Road and Other Ghost and Horror Stories|So I say a name, even if self-bestowed, is better than a number. In the register of the potter's field I shall soon have both. What wealth!
Gertrude Stein|A village explainer. Excellent if you were a village, but if you were not, not."(on Ezra Pound)
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|I think people would be happier if they admitted things more often. In a sense we are all prisoners of some memory, or fear, or disappointment - we are all defined by something we can’t change.
Stephen King, Black House|What you love, you must love all the harder because someday it will be gone.
Harriet Boyd Hawes, Born to Rebel: The Life of Harriet Boyd Hawes|Fear is a subject that I have become increasingly aware of—the result of a period that I call post-divorce. Admittedly aware of the general concerns about “falling” too, I am more concerned about the burdens of a non-custodial—the dilemma of parental alienation with absolute liability for financial support. If any 'positive' aspect could be extracted from the non-custodial lifestyle, it is the accelerated-track toward financial distress and familial disparity. What may have occurred in the 1930s in a mass economic-downward spiral of society has similarity to the consequences of the divorce—as I see it.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I read a book, am vortexed in with no escape; my face contorts, eyelids frost, breath comes short, body longs, heart stop-starts. Who’s to say too much won’t kill me? Who’s to say I care?
|In every single one of us lies a mind that's powerful enough to articulate some amazing ideas, which could be turned into a great financial success
Eliezer Yudkowsky|When you think of intelligence, don't think of a college professor; think of human beings as opposed to chimpanzees. If you don't have human intelligence, you're not even in the game.
Roger Ebert|When 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' premiered on the WB Network in 1996, American culture was in trouble. Americans were bowling alone, pursuing individual interests to the detriment of the communal good. Business leaders were celebrating creativity and neglecting discipline. Nike's 'Just do it' ads were teaching young people to break the rules.
Thomas Sowell|People buy into this false notion of reverse racism, where they believe that just because there’s a group of people getting together to share something about their heritage that we’re excluding white people. But that’s not the reality.
Sahara Sanders|Life is not about significant details, illuminated a flash, fixed forever.Photographs are.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|If we let the drama of others’ lives become our own, then we are no longer ourselves. We become the reflections of others’ dramas and their lives, their tragedies, and their misfortunes become our own.
Raneem Kayyali|... you only know what I want you to know, you only see what I want you to see."...Wade: " I don't care! I am in love with your mind, with the person you are. I couldn't care about the packaging.
Cory Doctorow, Walkaway: A Novel|The unfortunate reality is that, even today, too many citizens have reason to fear that their right to vote, their access to the ballot--and their ability to have their votes counted--is under threat." --Eric Holder, quoted in Give Us the Ballot
Laura Zigman, Animal Husbandry|I know what it does to you, I know. Maybe that's why we hold on as hard as we do. We just can't believe that such a miracle can happen to us twice. But it can, someday you'll find it again.
Rick Riordan, The Hammer of Thor|Well, I’m heading home,” Ibaraki announced as they were leaving the restaurant.“Oh, yeah? About time,” Yuichi commented.Ibaraki: “Man, you’re so cold. Aren’t you picking up my love beams?”“Sorry, Yu, but I’m not into BL! I hope you’ll consider a pure and true hetero relationship!” Mutsuko said cheerfully.Yuichi took a conspicuous step back.Ibaraki: "Huh? Hey, don’t take that seriously!
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|If God didn't mean for us to use drugs, It would never have made us such curious monkeys, nor given us so many interesting vegetables.
Jhumpa Lahiri|When one is the type of writer who cares about the meaning of the historically specific setting, the history itself is not something that I would call backdrop. It's not window dressing for a timeless relationship about love and betrayal. For me, the setting and the specific history are active co-agents with me in trying to form the novel.
Dean Burnett, Idiot Brain: What Your Head Is Really Up To|One of the brain's most prominent skills is the ability to ignore anything that becomes too predictable, no matter how important it may be
Shilpa Shetty|I think I have a certain respect for people, you know. And I guess a lot of times I expect that respect to go both ways.
John Wyndham, The Midwich Cuckoos|Yes, there have been ET visitations. There have been crashed craft. There have been material and bodies recovered. There has been a certain amount of reverse engineering that has allowed some of these craft, or some components, to be duplicated. And there is some group of people that may or may not be associated with government at this point that have this knowledge. They have been attempting to conceal this knowledge. People in high level government have very little, if any, valid information about this. It has been the subject of disinformation in order to deflect attention and create confusion so the truth doesn’t come out. 
Dave Chappelle|No man is sane who does not know how to be insane on the proper occasions."Henry Ward Beecher
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Let today be the day that you become committed in being, in doing, in getting, achieving, in experiencing. Let today be the day that you are committed to being the change you wish to see and living the life you wish to live.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|J.R.R. Tolkien, said a student, "could turn a lecture room into a mead hall in which he was the bard and we were the feasting, listening guests.
Jana Oliver, Forsaken|Dad had this story. A Marine and a Navy guy walk into a bathroom together. They both take a piss, and then sailor goes to the sink. The Marine heads for the door, and the sailor says, "Hey- in the Navy they teach us to wash up after we take a leak." And the Marine turns around and says, "Yeah? Well, in the Marines they teach us not to piss on our hands.
Michel Houellebecq|Maybe I should have gone into politics. If you were a political activist, election season brought moments of intensity, whichever side you were on, and meanwhile here I was inarguably withering away,
Roman Payne|Ya've got no respect, woman," Beck retorted. After the door closed behind him she realized what he'd
Shannon L. Alder|The most important gift you can give your children is the importance of standing up to injustice. Children will remember moments spent with you. However, it isn't togetherness that creates humane parents and righteous kids. It is the example of integrity that a parent sets and the on going lessons they teach about compassion toward others throughout their lives. A good father or mother teaches their children that cruelty is not something you cause or ignore, rather it is the moment you suit up for war.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lewis spoke for almost every member when he said, "There is no sound I like better than adult male laughter.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I believe that when death closes our eyes we shall awaken to a light, of which our sunlight is but the shadow.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|He leaned back. “What, may I ask, is the nature of our business?” She inclined her head. “Just so. It came to my attention earlier today that you had canceled the seventy-fifth annual Christmas Eve ball. I would have called upon you immediately, but I’m afraid a prior engagement tied my hands until this very moment.” He tried to make sense of her words. She was apologizing for not descending upon him more promptly for a meeting he’d never in his wildest dreams anticipated?
Julie James, Love Irresistibly|Hopefully not another employee stealing credit cards, Brooke mused. Or any sort of headache-inducing “oops moment,” like the time one of the restaurant managers called to ask if he could fire a line cook after discovering that the man was a convicted murderer.“Jeez. How’d you learn that?” Brooke had asked.“He made a joke to one of the waiters about honing his cooking skills in prison. The waiter asked what he’d been serving time for, and he said, ‘Murder.’”“I bet that put an end to the conversation real fast. And yes, you can fire him,” Brooke had said. “Obviously, he lied on his employment application.” All of Sterling’s employees, regardless of job position, were required to answer whether they’d ever been convicted of a crime involving “violence, deceit, or theft.” Pretty safe to say that murder qualified.Ten minutes later, the manager had called her back.“Um . . . what if he didn’t exactly lie? I just double-checked his application, and as it turns out, he did check the box for having been convicted of a crime.”Brooke had paused at that. “And then the next question, where we ask what crime he’d been convicted for, what did he write?”“Uh . . . ‘second-degree murder.’”“I see. Just a crazy suggestion here, Cory, but you might want to start reading these applications a little more closely before making employment offers.”“Please don’t fire me.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|The moon was wide—too wide and too close. Mentally, Simon told the moon to stop being so close and bright and that it should just generally shut up with the mooniness.
Evy Michaels|I had lived my life before in accordance with the poverty and itinerancy of my childhood, sliding in and out of other people’s leases, never expecting to stay very long and tolerating circumstances that strike me now as completely absurd.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|I seem to have run in a great circle, and met myself again on the starting line.
Jeff Goodell|A dying man needs to die, as a sleepy man needs to sleep, and there comes a time when it is wrong, as well as useless, to resist.
Cate Blanchett|I knew that I was loved. And that's such an important thing. And, of course, at such an early age, you take it for granted. Of course your parents love you. Of course Mrs. Hubert across the street loves you and your godmother loves you and your grandparents love you.
Merrill Markoe|Not Carnegie, Vanderbilt, and Astor together could have raised money enough to buy a quarter share in my little dog.
Harvey Fierstein|Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Robin S. Sharma|If I had one golf course, from a design standpoint, one that I really love, it would probably be Pinehurst. There's a totally tree-lined golf course where trees are not a part of the strategy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Roses do not bloom hurriedly; for beauty, like any masterpiece, takes time to blossom.
Christopher Farnsworth, Red, White, and Blood|Impossible,'" Matthew said."'Impossible n'est pas français,' Ysabeau said, her tone tart as vinegar. 'And it certainly was not a word in your father's vocabulary.
Jan Neruda, Prague Tales|To the same degree that your understanding of and attitude towards Afrika becomes more positive, your understanding of and attitude towards yourself will also becomes more positive...
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|What people don't understand when you've already been a suicide and pulled through is that after the sadness comes fear: Where is my mind going with this? I don't want to die. I do not want to die. When you don't have so much control over your own thoughts, over the myriad voices in your head, you don't know where they could go.
Barry Sanders|Happiness is like a cloud, if you stare at it long enough, it evaporates.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|If we get separated there’s not much hope of us ever meeting anywhere, but I need to keep up the pretense of hope because that may be all we have.
Katee Sackhoff|'Star Wars' was, I mean, it was the first time I remember seeing three movies that all kind of went together. It was just an amazing final understanding of what a trilogy was.
Larissa Ione, Lethal Rider|Oh really I was just thinking about how great a gold filigree necklace and teardrop earrings would look on me, and at seventy five ninety nine plus shipping , its a freaking ,steal. But damn , I missed the deal because , oh that's right.. IM FUCKING FROZEN ..
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|Unless you can guide the mind inward, and take the attention beyond the comprehension of mind, and directly experience life, you never reach to the ultimate truth of life.
John Owen|We can have anything we want on life, if we just help others to found what they need
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Sometimes the best way to learn a lesson isn't just hearing the words, but putting it into practice by experimenting with it and finding its truth for yourself instead of taking someone else’s word for it.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|The moment a mind closes is the moment it can no longer evolve. Intellectual inertia soon follows. I suppose that in many ways this is one of my main objections to theism; it assumes that all questions are already firmly answered. There is no room for curiosity. A closed question does not lead to other questions. Thus, there is no progression, no evolution, no molting. This is no good for me. I want to evolve. I want to progress. I want to molt. And I want to keep learning about the real mysteries of this Universe.
Adelise M. Cullens, Dead Bunnies Make All Eight Of Me Cry|Reality doesn’t always give us the life that we desire, but we can always find what we desire between the pages of books.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|He turned away; he threw himself on his face on the sofa. 'Oh, Jane! my hope - my love - my life!' broke in anguish from his lips.
Sara Quin|The outside world holds no interest for me without you." -Edward
|Your dreams can still be fully vindicated. The seeds of success and happiness are in all of us, but you must sow yours with faith.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have two great duties in each day: firstly, to identify why I woke up and secondly to be convinced of why I must retire for the day
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As a professional speaker, Susanne travels all over the country and practically lives on airplanes. One day as she entered security to board yet another flight, she was struck by the poise, posture, and gestures of the man in front of her in line. As a communications expert, she observed his excellent presentation with appreciation and awe.The gentleman was dressed impeccably in a crisp white shirt and well-fitted suit and he sported a new haircut. She watched him as he removed his flawless leather belt, his gold money clip, and well-polished shoes. (And of course, he had Listerine in a baggie to ensure fresh breath!) The care with which he dismantled was impressive. His poised and fluid movements were deliberate and respectful of his personal possessions. As he regrouped and proceeded down the concourse, she was struck by how his stance and carriage intrigued and impressed her. His projection of elegance created a presence of pride and dignity. He left a remarkable impression.
Fred Allen|Upon graduation, believe it or not, I had no job. I had no interviews. I had no prospects. I had no worries. What I did have, I had passion. I had enormous passion. I had passion for financial markets. I had fallen in love with financial markets.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is still better than University. In school, your teacher is the fruit picker and you are the open fruit basket. Then you take those fruits and make cakes and pies. But life is going to give you the chance to go out there and pick those fruits yourself. Then you can eat them, or make them into something else; any which way, your own hands picked them!
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|America's industrial success produced a roll call of financial magnificence: Rockefellers, Morgans, Astors, Mellons, Fricks, Carnegies, Goulds, du Ponts, Belmonts, Harrimans, Huntingtons, Vanderbilts, and many more based in dynastic wealth of essentially inexhaustible proportions. John D. Rockefeller made $1 billion a year, measured in today's money, and paid no income tax. No one did, for income tax did not yet exist in America. Congress tried to introduce an income tax of 2 percent on earnings of $4,000 in 1894, but the Supreme Court ruled it unconstitutional. Income tax wouldn't become a regular part of American Life until 1914. People would never be this rich again.Spending all this wealth became for many a more or less full-time occupation. A kind of desperate, vulgar edge became attached to almost everything they did. At one New York dinner party, guests found the table heaped with sand and at each place a little gold spade; upon a signal, they were invited to dig in and search for diamonds and other costly glitter buried within. At another party - possibly the most preposterous ever staged - several dozen horses with padded hooves were led into the ballroom of Sherry's, a vast and esteemed eating establishment, and tethered around the tables so that the guests, dressed as cowboys and cowgirls, could enjoy the novel and sublimely pointless pleasure of dining in a New York ballroom on horseback.
Sylvia Plath|And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs. Willard's kitchen mat.
ANIKOR Daniel|Every good vision is not meant to benefit or serve self, where a ‘vision’ is for self; it is not more a vision, but an ambition.
Walt Mossberg|The early cyberpunk idea was that networked computers would let us do our work at home, as freelancers, and then transact directly with peers over networks. Digital technology would create tremendous slack, allow us to apply its asynchronous, decentralized qualities to our own work and lives.
E.L. Doctorow, Ragtime|Thus with continued concentration and the expenditure of enormous amounts of energy he tried to keep himself from slipping into the vast distances of his unhappiness. It was all around him. It was a darkness as impudently close as his brow. It choked him by its closeness. And what was most terrifying was its treachery. He would wake up in the morning and see the sun coming in the window, and sit up in his bed and think it was gone, and then find it there after all, behind his ears or in his heart.
David Eso, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|You do not set a high enough value on yourself if you think a man who loves you should not weave you into the fabric of his life with every thread. — Robert Service to Constance MacLean, 1903 (age 28)
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|You are sheep among wolves; be wise as serpents, yet innocent as doves.
Barry Hughart, The Story of the Stone|To cherish perfection is to commit creative suicide, and every true artist knows that a masterpiece is an accident that should be burned.
A.E. Samaan|I was once a statist, and then I researched The Holocaust. I am now a Libertarian.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|So help me, if something crawls out of one of these bags, I will castrate you.”“I bet you’d love that.”-Emma and Jackson
David   Kane, Awareness and Being|There is a big park in the middle of the locality. Surrounded by at least 50 houses. That those residents got to live in such a locale is their karma. Do they ever come to the park? To walk, jog, run, play ? That is free will.
Stan Brakhage|Ah, in work, love and the movies, everything is a fight.
Margaret Widdemer, The Rose-Garden Husband|He must have been delightful," she said, "when he was alive!
Margaret Atwood, Bluebeard's Egg|My mother was either telepathic or she had secret cameras in my apartment, and I hoped for the latter.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|No - no - no!" someone was shouting. "No! Fred! No!"And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face.
Rose Wynters, The Vampire's House of Pleasure: Part Two|Honestly, I'd rather be anywhere else. Even home, where my dad begins almost every conversation with, "You should lose the black clothes and wear something with color." Puh-lease. Like I want to look like every Barbie clone in Hell High, a.k.a. Oklahoma's insignificant Haloway High School. Ironically, Dad doesn't appreciate the bright blue streaks in my originally blond/now-dyed-black hair. Go figure. That's color, right?
Wendy Mills, Positively Beautiful|Courage is not always big and bright and loud; sometimes it's as silent and small as true words, a smile when you'd rather weep, or getting up every day and living with quiet dignity while all around you life rages. You cannot truly love, live or exist without courage. Without it you are simply biding time until you die.
Kage Baker|My brother has a tendency to get quite lyrical when he writes music; he gets so romantic, it's borderline. I make it slightly more aggressive. I make the round corner a bit sharper.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|I know what I really want for Christmas.I want my childhood back.Nobody is going to give me that. I might give at least the memory of it to myself if I try. I know it doesn't make sense, but since when is Christmas about sense, anyway? It is about a child, of long ago and far away, and it is about the child of now. In you and me. Waiting behind the door of or hearts for something wonderful to happen. A child who is impractical, unrealistic, simpleminded and terribly vulnerable to joy.
Jack Kornfield, Seeking the Heart of Wisdom: The Path of Insight Meditation|There are several different kinds of painful feelings that we might experience, and learning to distinguish and relate to these feelings of discomfort or pain is an important part of meditation practice, because it is one of the very first things that we open to as our practice develops.
Louis Nizer|Anger is like a storm rising up from the bottom of your consciousness. When you feel it coming, turn your focus to your breath.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Often our self-esteem is tied to our work. In our culture, men and women often define themselves by the jobs they hold . . . But a person’s job tells you nothing about a person’s character or value.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|But I can tell you this: that I am deeply proud of Rebecca. That she made a split-second decision to save the life of her son, turning the wheel of her vehicle so that her side of it would be impacted by an oncoming car instead of his. She gave her life in the exercise of the greatest gift that God grants us—the ability to change the trajectory of history.
Jose Andres|Every lethal terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11 has been carried out by an American citizen or a legal permanent resident, not by recent immigrants or by refugees. So tamping down immigration won't fix the real issue, which is 'homegrown' terrorism.
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|The She-dragon called Ghleanna had been standing behind him. She grabbed his hair and yanked the old dragon forward while ramming the blade of her sword into his snout. Bram glanced down at Kachka and smiled. “Isn’t she glorious?”Ghleanna pulled the old dragon off her sword and focused on the soldiers. “Kill all of them!” she screamed, and dragons dropped from the skies, landing hard on the soldier dragons.“The royals always forget,” Bram murmured. “Cadwaladrs never fight alone.
|The purpose of dreaming isn't to dream forever, but to wake up from it.
P. Sathasivam|The government's objective, broadly expressed, is that all persons, whatever their level of ability, whether they live in town or country, have a right as citizens to a free education of the kind for which they are best fitted and to the fullest extent of their powers.
C.A. Belmond, A Rather Lovely Inheritance|When people die,' she said softly, 'It doesn't necessarily mean you're ready to give them up.
Dada Bhagwan|If you do pratikraman of a tiger, then even the tiger will do as you ask it to. There is no difference between a tiger and a human being. The difference is in your vibrations! That is why he gets affected.
T. Rafael Cimino, Mid Ocean|Yeah, Mom, I’ll just keep telling the prince that he has absolutely no shot with me and offend him as often as I can. Great plan.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|The glow flares bright—bright as the billion-year-old light around us. Bright as a sun.Almost every particle in the universe was once part of a star.First, hydrogen condensing and collapsing, bringing radiance to the void.Furnaces burning bright, then fading, giving all they had left back into the cosmos.Carbon and oxygen. Iron and gold.Vast clouds swirling with their own gravity. Coalescing and disintegrating.Generation to generation.The remnants of stellar alchemy, stirring into life, then consciousness.Crawling from the oceans. Taking to the skies.And from there, back to the stars that birthed them.A perfect circle.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author in law. (B.Com,LLB-goldmedalist, LLM-GoldM|The beauty of the cross and our crucified Lord cannot be easily fathomed by human mind or by barely reading scriptures in bits, but by careful reading of entire scripture in the spirit which will in turn engulf one with wisdom and love.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|He showed the words “chocolate cake” to a group of Americans and recorded their word associations. “Guilt” was the top response. If that strikes you as unexceptional, consider the response of French eaters to the same prompt: “celebration.
Sidney Sheldon|Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.
Victoria Alexander, When We Meet Again|Forgive me for saying so, Your Highness," Clarissa said slowly, "but for one as unaccustomed to good deeds as you, perhaps it would be best if you started with one on a smaller scale. Something like, I don't know, spreading bread crumbs for birds?""Birds?" Valentina stared at Clarissa as if she had sprouted wings and would fly off. "Why on earth would I wish to feed birds?""It was just a thought," Clarissa murmured.
Zoe Forward, His Witch to Keep|She wielded the ultimate weapon against him, his kryptonite - her touch.
John F. Kavanaugh|Worry is a habit that shatters our peace of mind and needlessly drains our energy, a form of mental masturbation without any benefits.
Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950|Literature is a defense against the attacks of life. It says to life: "You can't deceive me. I know your habits, foresee and enjoy watching your reactions, and steal your secret by involving you in cunning obstructions that halt your normal flo
Jamie Wyeth|I have always loved clothes, and the opportunity to design my own line could not be missed. It's a dream job.
Pitigrilli, Cocaine|Often self-love is replaced with self- loathing, compounded by beating ourselves up. We become experts at putting ourselves down, judging ourselves, and finding fault. This creates deep shame that says “I am a mistake” instead of saying “I made a mistake.
Louis Pasteur|We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology.
Amiri Baraka, The LeRoi Jones/Amiri Baraka Reader|You are fifty different kinds of twisted.""Only fifty? Val, you wound me.
Michelle Geaney|Life will just not wait for us to live it:We are in it, now, and Now is the time to Live
Manasa Rao|I don't understand how teens in this generation stress being in a relationship/love more than adults do about their future. She’s testing him to see if he's loyal, he’s testing her to see if she's after money. So, basically it’s a messed up-stressed-testing generation. Love has been blown so far out of proportion I reckon. The stress surrounding the single sentence ‘I love you’ is saddening. Relax!!! You're young! Your teen years are supposed to be fun. You have your whole lives ahead to find the right one. Just sit back, chill and live life the way it comes.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Life is sexist. If you were to get pregnant, you’re the one whose life changes. Nothing of significance changes for the boy. You’re the one people whisper about. I’ve seen that show, Teen Moms. All those boys are worthless. Garbage!
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|It’s like my whole life my left ring finger has been lacking something, and finally it feels complete.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|I know your head aches. I know you're tired. I know your nerves are as raw as meat in a butcher's window. But think what you're trying to accomplish - just think what you're dealing with. The majesty and grandeur of the English language; it's the greatest possession we have. The noblest thoughts that ever flowed through the hearts of men are contained in its extraordinary, imaginative and musical mixtures of sounds. And that's what you've set yourself out to conquer, Eliza. And conquer it you will.
John Galliano|If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.
Jordan Silver, Broken|KIM: It means something, and when I do it, I don’t want to wake up in the morning, wishing I’d not done it.
Michael Meade|If we want the world to change, the healing of culture and greater balance in nature, it has to start inside the human soul.
Sigmund Freud|We will therefore turn to the less ambitious question of what men themselves show by their behavior to be the purpose and intention of their lives. What do they demand of life and wish to achieve in it? The answer to this can hardly be in doubt. They strive for happiness; they want to become happy and to remain so. This endeavor has two sides, a positive and a negative aim. It aims, on the one hand, at an absence of pain and unpleasure, and, on the other, at the experiencing of strong feelings of pleasure. In its narrower sense the word 'happiness' only relates to the last. In conformity with this dichotomy in his aims, man's activity develops in two directions, according as it seeks to realize — in the main, or even exclusively — the one or the other of these aims.
Ovid, Metamorphoses|Humans are very strange. When you need a hug, they throw you away, when you need condolence , they insult you, and when you need love, they betray you.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|To maintain our own economy,we are disturbing the nature's economy
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|In dealing with others, man is inherently a slave to his preconceptions, to the stereotypes he became familiar with that made life easier for him to comprehend.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|In our world, that's the way you live your grown-up life: you must constantly rebuild your identity as an adult, the way it's been put together it is wobbly, ephemeral, and fragile, it cloaks despair and, when you're alone in front of the mirror, it tells you the lies you need to believe.
Marty Rubin|Be independent, ad do what you will.
Andi Zeisler, We Were Feminists Once: From Riot Grrrl to CoverGirl®, the Buying and Selling of a Political Movement|Empowerment wasn't defined as a static concept or standalone occurrence, but as an evolving way to rethink entire power structures and value systems, draw on shared skills and knowledge, and endow marginalized communities with tools for economic sustainability.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|I want to towel off, leave my heart on this beach and walk the sand into a lake of stars, while never looking back.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Only death consistently excites your emotions, whether contemplating when life is safe and stale, or fleeing it when life is threatened and precious
Aagam Shah|While you’re hating your life just because you can’t get what you want, someone is praying to have a life like yours..!!
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|My mother’s father, Grandfather Thieme, the son of a railroad engineer, looked quite dapper as a young man. Prior to 1933 the Hamburg Police Department consisted of 21 units, with 2,100 men. My grandfather was a Polizist with the Sicherheitspolizei or uniformed policeman with the department. Later, with an expansion of the Hamburg Police Department to 5,500 men and the formation of an investigative branch, he was promoted to the esteemed position of a Kriminalbeamte inspector. He rose to the rank of Chief of Detectives, and had a reputation of being tough, and not someone you could mess with. Having a baldhead and the general appearance of Telly Savalas, the late Hollywood movie actor, I don’t think anyone did. An action story and part of my grandfather’s legacy was when he chased a felon across the rooftops of prewar Hamburg, firing his Dienstpistole, service revolver, as he made his way from one steep inclined slate roof to the next.Of course, Grandpa got his man! Even with this factual tidbit, there isn’t all that much I know about him, other than that, at the then ripe old age of sixty-four, he peacefully died in his chair while reading the evening newspaper.
Abraham Lincoln|The right to a quality education is, I believe, the perfect path to bridge the gap between different cultures and to reconcile various civilizations. Without such a right, the values of liberty, justice and equality will have no meaning. Ignorance is by far the biggest danger and threat to humankind.
Roberto Bolaño|While we are looking for the antidote or the medicine to cure us, that is, the 'new', which can only be found by plunging deep into the Unknown, we have to go on exploring sex, books, and travel, although we know that they lead us to the abyss, which, as it happens, is the only place where the antidote can be found.
Bella Forrest, A Castle of Sand|... the love of money is the root of all evils." - John de Alençon, Pg, 64
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|But I saw the pain and sadness in everything, and swirled it round my mouth like a fine wine.
Michael Porter|Money has transformed every watchdog, every independent authority. Medical doctors are increasingly gulled by the lobbying of pharmaceutical salesmen.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|To me, when someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself. Caleb's betrayal is something we both carry, and since he did it, all I've wanted is for him to take its weight away from me. I am not sure that I'm capable of shouldering it all myself - not sure that I am strong enough, or good enough.
Joe Schreiber|I was going into shock. The pain wasn’t getting any better, and I thought that I would probably black out before I found out how this was going to end. Just as well—I was never particularly good at finishing things.
Lena Dunham|The sad thing is that when movies like this fail, executives think that proves there's no audience for unusual, original pictures - because they think they've made one.
Anne Rainey, Body Rush|She brought her elbowbackward and connected with Rand’s ribs. He swore and released her.She whirled on him. “That’s for being so arrogant!”Rand advanced on her, and the grin on his face wasn’t at all reassuring. She took one stepback, then turned to sprint into the bathroom, when a pair of hands caught her and slung her overa hard muscled shoulder.“Put me down right now!” She screamed as she pummeled his back. “You are the mostannoying, selfish, barbaric, horny man I know, Rand Miller!”He set her back on her feet inside the bathroom, then cupped her chin in his palm. “Youare the most gorgeous, intelligent, feisty woman I know, Lucy Flemming.”Lucy narrowed her eyes. What was he up to now? “Flattery won’t help you out of thisone.”“It’s not flattery. It’s the truth,” he murmured as he leaned close to her ear. “And, baby?”“Yes?” she answered, her voice nearly inaudible as his nearness began to override heranger.“I’d better be the only horny man you know.
Kevin Spacey|I never thought being famous would be wonderful, but my limited exposure to celebrity has shown me the dark side big-time.
Hilary T. Smith, Wild Awake|I want to kiss you," I say, "but I seem to be holding this cat."Skunk lifts his hand and touches it to the side of my face. His fingers are warm from carrying the hot skillet to the table. He regards me very seriously, and for a moment I wonder if he's about to tell me we should Focus on Bicycle Repair. Instead he just looks at me for a very long time."You're beautiful," says Skunk, "and completely batshit.
Freeman Dyson, From Eros to Gaia|When we look ahead to 2018, we should expect big steps forward in science to come once again from changes in style rather than from marginal improvements in technology.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Surround yourself with beautiful and positive people, who love you and believe in you.
Jeffrey Kluger|I've got two young sons who, when I ask them and their friends how they feel about gay marriage, kinda give me one of those looks like, 'Gosh, Mom, why are you even asking that question?'
Alexander McCall Smith, The Careful Use of Compliments|Childhood friends are continuity, uninterrupted connections between selves, and you hold on them. You hold on them and you love them, but sometimes they're not quite comfortable.
Abhijit Naskar|The concern of your brain is not to see the actual nature of reality, but to represent the reality to you in such a way that suits your needs.
Priyavrat Thareja|Karna is a good man, but he sees good even in what is bad. His seeing it as good doesn't make the bad good, but makes his goodness look bad.
Jeaniene Frost, The Bite Before Christmas|We were together because we were addicted to each other. I was never as intoxicated as I was when we were happy together, and I knew it was the same for him. We were putting ourselves through the wringer for those moments of perfection between us, but they were so tenuous that only our stubbornness, determination and love kept us fighting for them.
Curious George Brigade|Take one famous example: arguments about property destruction after Seattle. Most of these, I think, were really arguments about capitalism. Those who decried window-breaking did so mainly because they wished to appeal to middle-class consumers to move towards global exchange-style green consumerism, and to ally with labor bureaucracies and social democrats abroad. This was not a path designed to provoke a direct confrontation with capitalism, and most of those who urged us to take this route were at least skeptical about the possibility that capitalism could ever really be defeated. Many were in fact in favor of capitalism, if in a significantly humanized form. Those who did break windows, on the other hand, didn't care if they offended suburban homeowners, because they did not figure that suburban homeowners were likely to ever become a significant element in any future revolutionary anticapitalist coalition. They were trying, in effect, to hijack the media to send a message that the system was vulnerable -- hoping to inspire similar insurrectionary acts on the part of those who might be considering entering a genuinely revolutionary alliance; alienated teenagers, oppressed people of color, undocumented workers, rank-and-file laborers impatient with union bureaucrats, the homeless, the unemployed, the criminalized, the radically discontent. If a militant anticapitalist movement was to begin, in America, it would have to start with people like these: people who don't need to be convinced that the system is rotten, only, that there's something they can do about it. And at any rate, even if it were possible to have an anticapitalist revolution without gun-battles in the streets -- which most of us are hoping it is, since let's face it, if we come up against the US army, we will lose -- there's no possible way we could have an anticapitalist revolution while at the same time scrupulously respecting property rights. Yes, that will probably mean the suburban middle class will be the last to come on board. But they would probably be the last to come on board anyway.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|That's the thing about flying: You could talk to someone for hours and never even know his name, share your deepest secrets and then never see them again.
C. JoyBell C.|The theory of positivity teaches us to, "always look on the bright side" and to, "point out the bright side to others". However, any highly empathic individual will know, that this mindset alienates us from other people. What connects us with other people is the ability to identify with what they are feeling and thinking, regardless of whether or not we've actually been in their place before. If you want to point someone out to the light, first you need to get into their dark cave with them, light a candle, and say, "Hey, I'm here with you and look, remember what the light feels like?" That's the kind of positivity that actually bears real change in people, in the world.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the space of solitude, a writer attempts to remember how they became whom they are but nobody’s memory is up to this demanding task. No matter how much a person harrows the fertile lanes of memory, some memories are lost by the passage of time, psychological defense mechanisms screen other memories from detection, the ephemeral character of other memories are invariably to elusive to arrest with reciprocal language.
Walter de la Mare, Peacock Pie|Who said, 'All Time's delightHath she for narrow bed;Life's troubled bubble broken'? ---That's what I said.
Trent Reznor|It's time you stop thinking that because you did something, it's... amazing. All you've got to do is say, 'OK. If I'm great, what do they call Steve Jobs?'
Vladimir Lenin, What Is to Be Done?|[T]he heart is a very unreliable coinpass, and even will and knowledge, as all ideological factors in general, are not to be trusted as guides if they are without any material basis…. [I]t is not love nor help which is the guiding rule of our time, but hammer or anvil. In reality it is thus: who does not want to be a servant must try to become a master. Under such conditions it is idle to hope that people will sacrifice realities for ideal precepts. We are not sentimental enough to expect such things. Though we use moral arguments in our struggle against the bourgeois, we do all we can to stimulate our class consciousness.
Edgar Guest|DREAMSNever by many are marvels wrought,By one or two are the dreams first caught. . .The dreamer must toil when the odds are great,Must stand to failure and work and wait.Must keep his faith though he stand alone,Until the truth of his dream is known.
Lao Tzu|The fact that corporations constitute what amounts to the governing class today evidences the fact that we are no longer a representative republic; that we are a most ruled people, under the ceaseless control of a government that is for and by the corporations, can no longer be denied. The implications are immense: a transformation of not only our economic but our political organization is necessary.
Gavin DeGraw|My grandmother always used to wear this English perfume called Tuberose and then she died and then I dated this girl who wore the same thing. Every time I hung out with her, I could only think of my recently deceased grandmother. So sometimes a signature scent can be good and sometimes it can be bad.
Dayo Olopade, The Bright Continent: Breaking Rules and Making Change in Modern Africa|So you know what mean when I say that I don't think anyone who falls in love has a choice. You're just pulled to that person like true north, whether it's good for you or bound to break your heart.
James Hauenstein|There is tons of work to be done, and lots of people who would like to do the work. It's just that the economic system is such a grotesque catastrophe that it can't even put together idle hands and needed work, which would be satisfying to the people and which would be beneficial to all of us. That's just the mark of a failed system. The most dramatic mark of it.
Martyn Stanley|When you're a 20-something-year-old athlete and you're getting a six-figure check every week, you're not thinking about next week. You're not thinking, 'I'm going to be broke,' or 'I'm going to need another job.' But I'll tell you, there are a lot of broke athletes out there - I know plenty - and I didn't want to end up as one.
Ed Sheeran|I did nothing to deserve God's love; in fact, I was living as an orphan, without hope. Yet God chose to pursue a relationship with me, and through the death of his son Jesus, I was adopted into God's family.
Sienna Mynx, Mi Carina - Diego's Wrath|I remember being in the mood for love at the slightest provocation- your nubile body feeling undeniably illicit, under mine, rhyming, heaving, breathing together, each other, squirrel hands, down and across and stolen kisses, on and not on the lips. Then leaving scorching beds the color of the red desert sun and strawberry flavored. Your mysterious skin, salt lips: touching, each other. My libido, your mascara- getting all messed up in those rains, realizing for the first time that lust gnaws had no language, race, religion or brotherhood.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Nathan  Hill, The Nix|If your body is telling you to slow down, listen to it. If your body is saying you should keep going... then keep going.
G.K. Chesterton|For what purpose have you prayed?""For thanks. If I must die, at least I have lived. If my companions have perished, at least I have known them. If the world is cruel, at least I have tasted kindness. I had to cross to the far side of the sky to taste it but, as you say, the world is full of miracles.
Irina Shayk|If you want to eat chocolate or cakes, you have to eat it in the morning, for breakfast or lunch - don't eat it in the night.
Margaux Gillis, Ravenwood|It was always after reading tales such as these that she wondered how on earth it was that some young ladies did not read at all, or declared they had no interest in it. Didn't they know how you could feel so much from a book? Didn't they know how your heart could race and break from words on a page? Had they never read something so wonderful and horrible that they felt as though the very would should stop and pause to acknowledge the depth of feeling it produced?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Spirituality is the food for the soul, spirit and the body.
Sheri Cobb South, The Weaver Takes a Wife|Take it!" he snarled, hurling the diamond necklace across the table at his opponent. "And may you rot in hell with it!""I should not dream of intruding upon you there," replied Mr Brundy, bowing deeply from the waist.
Sri Aurobindo|I swore that I would not suffer from the world's grief and the world's stupidity and cruelty and injustice and I made my heart as hard in endurance as the nether millstone and my mind as a polished surface of steel. I no longer suffered, but enjoyment had passed away from me.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You are going to have to give and give and give, or there's no reason for you to be writing. You have to give from the deepest part of yourself, and you are going to have to go on giving, and the giving is going to have to be its own reward. There is no cosmic importance to your getting something published, but there is in learning to be a giver.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|The longest tenured First LOVE and Greatest TEACHER, in-fact life long, is none the other, but Mother.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is in love, in service, and in beautiful memory.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|The recipe for becoming a good novelist, for example is easy to give but to carry it out presupposes qualities one is accustomed to overlook when one says 'I do not have enough talent'. One has only to make a hundred or so sketches for novels, none longer than two pages but of such distinctness that every word in them is necessary; one should write down anecdotes each day until one has learned how to give them the most pregnant and effective form; one should be tireless in collecting and describing human types and characters; one should above all relate things to others and listen to others relate, keeping one's eyes and ears open for the effect produced on those present, one should travel like a landscape painter or costume designer; one should excerpt for oneself out of the individual sciences everything that will produce an artistic effect when it is well described, one should, finally, reflect on the motives of human actions, disdain no signpost to instruction about them and be a collector of these things by day and night. One should continue in this many-sided exercise some ten years: what is then created in the work­shop, however, will be fit to go out into the world. - What, however, do most people do? They begin, not with the parts, but with the whole. Per­haps they chance to strike a right note, excite attention and from then on strike worse and worse notes, for good, natural reasons.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|I scoop a clattering cascade of green apple Jelly Bellys into the white paper bag and remember when we were seven. I got stung by a jellyfish. Tim cried because his mother, and mine, wouldn’t let him pee on my leg, which he’d heard was an antidote to the sting.
Kayla Krantz, Dead by Morning|Daylight does not lend itself to terror: objects and people are plain to see; and we encounter there only those things which dare to show themselves in the glare of day. But night, opaque night denser than walls, night, empty and infinite and so black and fathomless that terrifying things reach out and touch us, night when we feel horror stirring, mysteriously prowling―night seemed to him to hide some unknown, imminent, threatening danger. What could it be?
Jeffrey Lang, Struggling to Surrender: Some Impressions of an American Convert to Islam|And Moses said, "If you should disbelieve, you and whoever is on the earth entirely - indeed, Allah is Free of need and Praiseworthy.
Yusef Komunyakaa|Pregnancies and births happen in their own time, regardless of our conscious wishes, hopes, efforts, and fantasies. We may decide we want a child and make every effort to have one, and yet, whether it happens or not is beyond the control of even the most desirous and diligent of couples. And even when a pregnancy does occur, when the surprise moment of conception is confirmed, doctors give us a due date which can only be an approximation, for when and how the baby arrives is also a matter beyond determination. For this reason, in my opinion, almost nothing more than a pregnancy and birth deserve to be called synchronistic: the random coincidence of one of millions of sperm meeting a particular egg, yet from this coincidence, which we do not ultimately control, grows all of life. Is there any more significant coincidence that we experience?
T.S. Eliot|Oh! Lord should I forget anything, never let me forget that without you I am nothing.
Neil Postman|Every technology, including the printing press, comes at some price.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|It's true what they say, you know. First fuck. First love. First kill. You never forget your first.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|To exemplify, -a beautiful glossy nut, which, blessed with original strength, has outlived all the storms of autumn. Not a puncture, not a weak spot any where. -This nut... while so many of its brethren have fallen and been trodden under foot, is still in possession of all the happiness that a hazel-nut can be supposed capable of.
Piet Mondrian|I wish to approach truth as closely as is possible, and therefore I abstract everything until I arrive at the fundamental quality of objects.
R.J. Heller, Holding Grace|In a tired time, with the light outside drifting away for another day and the lights inside flickering as they come to life, I cup my hands together and prepare to give thanks ... to the life of a day given to me. A day shared with past and present, living and dying, of body and not, and a realization that in everything that is, there is something that was.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We believe we are the consumers, but we are the consumed.
Dada Bhagwan|When one sees his own faults, he will not have the time to see the others’ faults.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|In some ways, it was far easier to be bad than good. When you're bad, you don't care what happens to anyone other than yourself. When you're trying to do god, you have to worry about everyone.
Pat Riley|I'm only going to stand before God and give an account for my life, not for somebody else's life. If I have a bad attitude, then I need to say there's no point in me blaming you for what's wrong in my life.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, It Is Time to Get Very Rich|But that's precisely how stupidity flourishes; in bunches, in fast-growing weeds that choke delicately nurtured knowledge.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|Take the time to celebrate stillness and silence and see the joy that the world can bring, simply.
Jessica St. Clair|If you live close to an International Rescue Committee office in the United States, find out how you can assist a refugee family as they transition to American life. Invite a newly arrived family to your home for a welcoming meal. Listen to their hopes and dreams, and share your own.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|Miracles happen, lyrical inhalation of poetry, you will not stop my words from breathing.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Without inquiring too deeply into the causes which make it possible to find subjects of gaiety always close at hand, the proof of that possibility can be found in the fact that persons of sensitive intelligence are capable of finding comic potentialities in everything and everybody, thereby demonstrating that if some people hold the belief that there is very little that is laughable in the world, the reason is that they lack the ability to find it.
Laurie Matthew, Who Dares Wins|In some counties, there is an actual named crime of ritual abuse and there too, there have been convictions.
Mitch Albom|My friedns, if we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of 'I could have, I should have.' We can sleep in a storm. "And when it's time, our good-byes will be complete.
Dean Ornish|If we can reach populations in developing countries and help them understand the value of their indigenous diet and lifestyles rather than copying ours, perhaps we can reverse the exponential rise in cardiovascular disease that is plaguing them.
Jennifer Weiner, Best Friends Forever|Being --- a state that is open to life yet connected to this moment" Cinderella in Focus: Cindy's Secret
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|The greatest hazard of all, losing one’s self, can occur very quietly in the world, as if it were nothing at all. No other loss can occur so quietly; any other loss - an arm, a leg, five dollars, a wife, etc. - is sure to be noticed.
Garret Keizer, Getting Schooled: The Reeducation of an American Teacher|I am not a teacher in my heart," she said. "I am a doer, and all these little shitheads in front of me are do-nothings. There is racism in the world and they acknowledge it, but they sit in class listening to bullshit professors. Give me a bricklayer with a racist attitude. It is just more honest.
Donna Lynn Hope, Willow|Violence does not always take visible form, and not all wounds gush blood.
Nick Flynn, The Best American Nonrequired Reading 2009|Here's a secret: Everyone, if they live long enough, will lose their way at some point. You will lose your way, you will wake up one morning and find yourself lost. This is a hard, simple truth. If it hasn't happened to you yet, consider yourself lucky. When it does, when one day you look around and nothing is recognizable, when you find yourself alone in a dark wood having lost the way, you may find it easier to blame it on someone else -- an errant lover, a missing father, a bad childhood -- or it may be easier to blame the map you were given -- folded too many times, out-of-date, tiny print -- but mostly, if you are honest, you will only be able to blame yourself.One day I'll tell my daughter a story about a dark time, the dark days before she was born, and how her coming was a ray of light. We got lost for a while, the story will begin, but then we found our way.
Michael P. Naughton|You will never know loneliness when you have a dog, when you lose that dog it will be loneliness like you've never known.
J.M. Coetzee, Elizabeth Costello|Astarte has come again, more powerful than before. She possesses me. She lies in wait for me.December 97My cruelty has also returned: the cruelty which frightens me. It lies dormant for months, for years, and then all at once awakens, bursts forth and - once the crisis is over - leaves me in mortal terror of myself.Just now in the avenue of the Bois, I whipped my dog till he bled, and for nothing - for not coming immediately when I called! The poor animal was there before me, his spine arched, cowering close to the ground, with his great, almost human, eyes fixed on me... and his lamentable howling! It was as though he were waiting for the butcher! But it was as if a kind of drunkenness had possessed me. The more I struck out the more I wanted to strike; every shudder of that quivering flesh filled me with some incomprehensible ardour. A circle of onlookers formed around me, and I only stopped myself for the sake of my self-respect.Afterwards, I was ashamed.I am always ashamed of myself nowadays. The pulse of life has always filled me with a peculiar rage to destroy. When I think of two beings in love, I experience an agonising sensation; by virtue of some bizarre backlash, there is something which smothers and oppresses me, and I suffocate, to the point of anguish.Whenever I wake up in the middle of the night to the muted hubbub of bumps and voices which suddenly become perceptible in the dormant city - all the cries of sexual excitement and sensuality which are the nocturnal respiration of cities - I feel weak. They rise up around me, submerging me in a sluggish flux of embraces and a tide of spasms. A crushing weight presses down on my chest; a cold sweat breaks out on my brow and my heart is heavy - so heavy that I have to get up, run bare-foot and breathless, to my window, and open both shutters, trying desperately to breathe. What an atrocious sensation it is! It is as if two arms of steel bear down upon my shoulders and a kind of hunger hollows out my stomach, tearing apart my whole being! A hunger to exterminate love.Oh, those nights! The long hours I have spent at my window, bent over the immobile trees of the square and the paving-stones of the deserted street, on watch in the silence of the city, starting at the least noise! The nights I have passed, my heart hammering in anguish, wretchedly and impatiently waiting for my torment to consent to leave me, and for my desire to fold up the heavy wings which beat inside the walls of my being like the wings of some great fluttering bird!Oh, my cruel and interminable nights of impotent rebellion against the rutting of Paris abed: those nights when I would have liked to embrace all the bodies, to suck in all the breaths and sup all the mouths... those nights which would find me, in the morning, prostrate on the carpet, scratching it still with inert and ineffectual fingers... fingers which never know anything but emptiness, whose nails are still taut with the passion of murder twenty-four hours after the crises... nails which I will one day end up plunging into the satined flesh of a neck, and...It is quite clear, you see, that I am possessed by a demon... a demon which doctors would treat with some bromide or with all-healing sal ammoniac! As if medicines could ever be imagined to be effective against such evil!
Robin Williams|We adore babies because they're so cute. And, of course, we are amused by jokes because they are funny. This is all backwards. It is. And Darwin shows us why.
Thierry Henry|For the several thousands of years before they became firefighters and physicians, women were sirens, enchantresses, snares. At times it seems as if female powerlessness is male self-preservation in disguise. And for millennia, this has made for a zero-sum game: A woman's intelligence was a man's deception.
Peter S. Beagle, Two Hearts|Trying to shatter peace, even if it’s not one you agree with, is the work of the mad and the wicked.
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff for Teens: Simple Ways to Keep Your Cool in Stressful Times|Reading is a gift. It's something you can do almost anytime and anywhere. It can be a tremendous way to learn, relax, and even escape. So, enough about the virtues of reading. Time to read on.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|Obviously, all religions fall far short of their own ideals.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|Only one thing that you can see and hear that is beautiful and frightening at the same time, and that is a thunder storm.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Oh, he's not like that," said Favonius.Jason flinched. "You can read my 
George Kubler|Actuality is when the lighthouse is dark between flashes: it is the instant between the ticks of the watch: it is a void interval slipping forever through time: the rupture between past and future: the gap at the poles of the revolving magnetic field, infinitesimally small but ultimately real. It is the interchronic pause when nothing is happening. It is the void between events.
RVM|Even one day lost in misery is a great loss, for the day will never come back again. You lose 24 hours of happiness, joy & bliss. Live each day in happiness. - RVM
James Michael Rice, The Still|Still, she stood looking fabulous like a princess should, licking her blood red lips the moment she laid her eyes on the beautiful prince. It was appetite on first sight.
Charles H. Hapgood, The Path of the Pole|Now here's the thing about being a little off-center; you're never sure if you're a bona fide loon or if you have insight that other people don't have.You have to navigate through life using a kind of psychic gyroscope to keep from falling too far one way or another, and you feel a peculiar kinship with other people who are also a little bit off-center.
Marsden Wagner, Born in the USA: How a Broken Maternity System Must Be Fixed to Put Women and Children First|We are assumed to be rather hopeless -- swallowed up by incorrect notions, divorced from the original genius with which we are born, lost within days of living this distracting life.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|Because, he says, it hurts to think about things that you can't have or help. S'better not to think about it.
Jon Stewart|Revolutions spring not from accident, but from necessity. A revolution is a return from the factitious to the real. It takes place because it must.
Jose Mourinho|Like religion, politics, and family planning, cereal is not a topic to be brought up in public. It's too controversial.
Patricia Millett|One of the good things about the public Human Genome Project is that the U.S. Department of Energy and the National Institutes of Health spent a part of their budget on the ethical, legal, and social implications of their research.
Jane Austen, Emma|She was almost too beautiful. Maybe that sounded stupid, but there wasn't another way to describe it.
Preet Bharara|We've been trying to open the gates of communication between Havana and Miami through art, which is apolitical most of the time: It doesn't have anything to do with politics and is only an exchange of ideas.
Margaret Harlowe, Hands on the Wheel: A Sinfully Erotic Trucker Romance|Maybe we should put the shoot on hold.” As if he read her mind.“Maybe we should.” She said the words because that was what she was supposed to say. They were both going to have their hands full with the PR nightmare it was going to produce, and it was the smart thing to do. The prudent thing, protecting her heart and all that. But inside she was screaming. No. Don’t go. Don’t leave me. I’ll never see you again.
Lauren Bacall|One advantage of marriage is that, when you fall out of love with him or he falls out of love with you, it keeps you together until you fall in again.
Himmilicious|Never blame men, they have too many responsibilities because they live in a country where they are being taught to take up the burden since they get an erection.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|~Don't forget to cheer for yourself, when you reach the finish line~
Norman Lock, The Port-Wine Stain|Proper society did not think about MAKING money, only about spending it.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|For example, when Christians discuss sex, it often sounds as if we are somehow "against sex". What we fail to make clear is that sexual passion (the good gifts of God's creation) is now subservient to the demanding business of maintaining a revolutionary community in a world that often uses sex as a means of momentarily anesthetizing or distracting people from the basic vacuity of their lives. When the only contemporary means of self-transcendence is orgasm, we Christians are going to have a tough time convincing people that it would be nicer if they were not promiscuous.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|For the last few days I have been stuck on the power of the touch. I would like to ask a favor - that we touch and agree mentally and spiritually. Going forward, let us take on the mindset of Kings and Queens and govern every thing in our space as such. Expect greatness. Anything less is unacceptable.
Kelsang Gyatso|Conformity is painful. You know, it's too tight. Conformity leads to rebellion. So a desire for happiness is in direct conflict with a desire for freedom.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being.
Debasish Mridha|To be beautiful, be the person who helps others to reveal their own beauty.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
Jean Toomer, Cane|It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist.
Thomas Sowell|Despite widespread misconceptions in the United States today that the institution of slavery was based on race, for most of the thousands of years in which slavery existed around the world, it was based on whoever was vulnerable to enslavement and within striking distance. Thus Europeans enslaved other Europeans, just as Asians enslaved other Asians and Africans enslaved other Africans, while Polynesians enslaved other Polynesians and the indigenous peoples of the Western Hemisphere enslaved other indigenous peoples of the Western Hemisphere. The very word “slave" derived from the word for Slavs, who were enslaved by fellow Europeans for centuries before Africans began to be brought in chains to the Western Hemisphere. Africans were not singled out by a race for ownership by Europeans, they were resorted to after the rise of nation-states with armies and navies in other parts of the world which reduced the number of places that could be raided for slaves without great costs and risks. Slave-raiding continued in Africa, primarily by Africans enslaving other Africans and then, in West Africa, selling some of their slaves to whites to take to the Western Hemisphere. Meanwhile, the growing range of ships and the growing wealth of nations eventually made economically feasible the transportation of vast numbers of slaves from one continent to another, creating racial differences between the enslaved and their owners as a dominant pattern in the Western Hemisphere. Such a pattern was by no means limited to Europeans owning non-Europeans, however. There were many examples of the reverse, quite aside from vast regions of the earth where neither the slaves nor their owners were either black or white.
Bruce Coville, Half-Human|Lights and darks. And suddenly i was here, where everything seems strange. And I don't know why. Like the Fox and the Crow, I don't know the whole story yet. But that's a good reason to go on, don't you think?" "Go where?" said the Scarecrow. "Go forward," said the girl. "See something. Learn something. Figure it out. We won't ever get the whole thing, I bet, but we'll get something. And then we'll have something to tell when we're old about what happened to us when we were young." "Now?" said the Scarecrow. "Can you tell it now?" "After," said the girl. "We have to have the BEFORE first, and that's life" "And what's life?" said the scarecrow. "Moving," said the girl. "Moving on. Shall we move on? Will you come with me?
Stephen Gardiner|We don't focus as much in schools on educational knowledge which requires thinking and application, as we do on acquiring facts.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|She continued weeping until the heat of her tear water, the sheer velocity of its flow, finally obscured the already vague circumstances of its origins.
Hannah Moskowitz, Invincible Summer|Divorce is a fire exit. When a house is burning, it doesn’t matter who set the fire. If there is no fire exit, everyone in the house will be burned!
Erica Cameron, Doorways to Extra Time|Having faith is like having an extra energy source. It allows you to keep moving forward when all logic tells you, you can't.
Andrea Dworkin|Clever man is a chicken; it can fly, but a little. Genius, on the other hand, is a migratory bird; it can fly at high altitudes until He disappears on the horizon!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I wasn't aware that was how I felt, either, until it was out. And now that I've said it like that, I'm not exactly sure it is how I feel. But this isn't a piece of paper I can crumple up and throw away. they aren't words I can cross out to start over. Now they're out, and I know they'll hang here, between us, maybe forever.
Sue Civil-Brown, The Prince Next Door|The only person who worries about my mother is God, and that's only because she wants His job.
Hugh Evans|We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers. White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you blame others, you are affirming that you have no power, and your existence is only a reaction to the power of others.
Judith Merkle Riley, In Pursuit of the Green Lion|He didn't want to puff her up. Puffed-up women are one of the original sources of trouble in the world. If anyone knew that, it was he. He counted it as one of his duties to mankind to keep women from puffing themselves up, though it had been a most monumental duty in his own marriage. A job requiring a hero. It was one of those things that God, being male, questioned you about before you were let into heaven, and he was proud to say that he hadn't neglected it.
John Quelch|Developments in medical technology have long been confined to procedural or pharmaceutical advances, while neglecting a most basic and essential component of medicine: patient information management.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Against inebriation – and for drunkenness! Burn down the liquor stores, and replace them with playgrounds!
Lepota L. Cosmo|Sabism is deabstraction, metacolorism, thematism, exotic, convalescent substrate, soft act, collectivism, pluralization, sensationalism, pluralart, thematic colourism, reabstraction.
Elly Varrenti, This is Not My Beautiful Life: Love, Happiness and Other Great Expectations|I did, of course, on both counts, and started going out with the boy I lost my virginity to - all of it. He lost his to me too, except that neither of us felt we had lost anything - just discovered the meaning of life and love and everything else unnecessary in between.
Oswald Chambers, Shade of His Hand|My life is too short, and God’s work is too great for me to think of making a home for myself in this world.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|The sky was a feather blanket of clouds, save for one blue hole in the fabric. A blue cloud in a white sky.
Jawwad Zafar|Life is like a poetry, without meaning or purpose - it's useless.
Mahatma Gandhi|Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.
Milo Yiannopoulos|If I'm getting on an airplane or anywhere, really, I have a lunch box and stuff. It's a running joke with my friends and family - everyone gives me lunch boxes for Christmas.
Nicola Sturgeon|As I have had to meet different challenges, I realize I am coming into myself, and whatever I'm wearing is another chance for me to explore a new version of myself.
Nicole Eglinger, The Darker Side of Me|Look, at those foolish men in my day we did it the proper way!” he started to say as if he was looking deep within his memory.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Dear me! how happy and good we'd be, if we had no worries!
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Contentment can only happen as we increase desire, let it run itself out towar its fulfilment, and carry us along with it.
William Blake, The Complete Poems|It is right it should be so;Man was made for joy and woe;And when this we rightly know,Thro' the world we safely go.Joy and woe are woven fine,A clothing for the soul divine.Under every grief and pineRuns a joy with silken twine.- "Auguries of Innocence
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Bravery in a fictional character is one thing--it's easy to imagine and easy to write. Bravery in real life offers many challenges. We want to believe we will be brave if a situation requires us to. But if we over-think it, we will certainly fail. One simply needs to act toward the best possible result rather than to ponder all of the possibilities.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Trusting God's grace means trusting God's love for us rather than our love for God. […] Therefore our prayers should consist mainly of rousing our awareness of God's love for us rather than trying to rouse God's awareness of our love for him, like the priests of Baal on Mount Carmel (1 Kings 18:26-29).
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|For many of us, it's just one thing standing in our way of completely following Jesus.
indian proverb|Joe knew what the nod meant-this was why they became outlaws. To live moments the insurance salesman of the world, the truck drivers, and lawyers and bank tellers and carpenters and realtors would never know. Moments in a world without nets-none to catch you and none to envelop you. Joe looked at Dion and recalled what he’d felt after the first time they’d knocked over that newsstand on Bowdoin Street when they were thirteen years old, We will probably die young.
Paula Fox|When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child's hands, you are bringing that child news of the infinitely varied nature of life. You are an awakener.
Zack Love, The Doorman|Sadly enough, sometimes you and Lenny are the only real human interactions that I have all day. The rest of the day I'm just like a machine that mechnically computes and producesAlso in "Stories and Scripts:An Anthology
John Calvin|All the blessings we enjoy are Divine deposits, committed to our trust on this condition, that they should be dispensed for the benefit of our neighbors.
Farrah Naseem|She looked from the hilt protruding between her breasts into the eyes of the boy she loved. The golden light in them enfolded her and her heart stopped beating, leaving the ghost of her smile on her mouth. Her vacant eyes mirrored something infinitely close to peace.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|For all his secrecy and fear of being seen, he was touched that we had observed him so closely, and with such love. He loved that we knew him. This is one reason people need to believe in God -- because we want someone to know us, truly, all the way through, even the worst of us.
Leisa Rayven, Bad Romeo|An opinion isn't right or wrong. It's your interpretation of a subject or a situation. You can't be f......g wrong!"So, if I look at the sky and have the opinion that the clouds are pink, I'm right?""Yes! Because it's an opinion, not a fact, and maybe to you, the clouds are pink because you're nuts. An opinion doesn't need to be true for anyone else in the world but you. Stop trying to f.....g please everyone and just say what you think.
Kaitlyn Greenidge, We Love You, Charlie Freeman|A school library is like the Bat Cave: it's a safe fortress in a chaotic world, a source of knowledge and the lair of a superhero. True, the superhero is more likely to be wearing a cardigan than a batsuit, but still...
Barbara Demick|I'll always remember when I bumped into Good Morning America's Robin Roberts on a flight to my mother's funeral in 1994, and how kind she was during that difficult time.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Success is not simply about intelligence and ambition. The time invested, the quality of preparation, and the effort applied are essential to excellence or mastery.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|Phaedra keeps saying she's being selfish. That she hates herself for it, but she does it anyway. She can't deny herself what she wants, even if it brings about her downfall and his." "And have you learned anything from our literary parallel?" "Not really, I keep thinking that she would do it all over again if there were a chance...a chance that it could go right. Even if 99 times out of a 100 the story ends badly, it's worth it if only once she gets a happy ending.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Who we are and how we engage with the world are much stronger predictors of how our children will do than what we know about parenting. In terms of teaching our children to dare greatly in the "never enough" culture, the question isn't so much "Are you parenting the right way?" as it is: "Are you the adult that you want your child to grow up to be?
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|I realized that the deepest spiritual lessons are not learned by His letting us have our way in the end, but by His making us wait, bearing with us in love and patience until we are able to honestly to pray what He taught His disciples to pray: Thy will be done.
Kamand Kojouri|I remember our childhood dayswhen life was easyand math problems hard.Mom would help us with our homeworkand dad was not at home but at work.After our chores, we’d go to the old fort museum with clips in our hair and pure joy in our hearts.You, sister, wore the bangles thatyou, brother, got as a prize from the Dentist.“Why the bangles?” the Dentist asked, surprised, for boys picked the stickers of cars instead.“They’re for my sisters,” you said.Mom would treat us to a bottle of Coke,a few sips each. Then,we’d buy the sweet smelling bread from the same white vanand hand-in-hand,we’d walk to our small flat above the restaurant.I remember our childhood days.Do you remember them too?
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|Even though I'm a hype man myself, I like the practicality of it all. People who understand how to turn a profit. At the end of the day, this is still business so I'm looking for real practical knowledge of how to actually make money, not necessarily raise it.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|No matter what, we have to keep moving forward, even if we have to crawl.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We learn from education, experience and people.
William  Perry, The End of an Era: Life in Old Eaglehawk and Bendigo|We never knew Jim's surname but to us, as youngsters, he was "Jim Bool the Fool". It may not have been respectful but Jim Bool was the most outrageous liar you could ever meet. If it was test cricket time Jim would tell, in all seriousness, of how he played for Australia, of the centuries he had made and he wickets he had taken. In the football season he would describe the days when he had captained Melbourne. He had won King's Prizes for rifle shooting, the gun championship at Monte Carlo and when Melbourne Cup time came around we were treated to a vivid account of how he had won the Cup in his jockeying days.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|People who are detained (held in prison) are locked up by their past, and because you are locked up by your past you are held hostage by your yesterdays. And if you are held hostage by your yesterdays, you cannot see your tomorrows. -- Rev. Earl Smith, author, Death Row Chaplain, creator of IMPACT (Incarcerated Men Putting Away Childish Things)
Frank Welker|Somehow, the greater the public opposition to the health care bill, the more determined they seem to force it on us anyway. Their attitude shows Washington at its very worst - the presumption that they know best, and they're going to get their way whether the American people like it or not.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Straightaway, she'd called to the guard, "Oh, boys?" She'd sauntered to the glass in only her black lace bra and panties. "I need some assistance," When they slowed, agog, she'd purred, "Can one of you help me find my orgasm?
Joe Nichols|Living according to the basic gospel principles will bring power, strength, and spiritual self-reliance into the lives of all Latter-day Saints.
Tsunetomo Yamamoto, Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai|When you give the supply of discipline, life becomes easy for you.
John Locke|Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|But now isn’t simply now. Now is also a cold reminder: one whole day later than yesterday, one year later than last year. Every now is labeled with its date, rendering all past nows obsolete, until — later of sooner — perhaps — no, not perhaps — quite certainly: it will come.
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|Her constant phrase, "Go with God", had puzzled me a good deal. Suddenly it became clear. It was a revelation - acceptance. It filled me with joy. Accept life, the world, Spirit, God, call it what you will, and all else will follow.
Pratibha Patil|As I grow older, I think friendship between women is a thing to cherish.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In dealing with us, God always starts with our motives. What do you want for the people? What does God wants for his people? What do you want Him to do for you; that's is a starting place.
Jesse Jackson|If there are occasions when my grape turned into a raisin and my joy bell lost its resonance, please forgive me. Charge it to my head and not to my heart.
Albert Camus|Man is always inclined to regard the small circle in which he lives as the center of the world and to make his particular, private life the standard of the universe and to make his particular, private life the standard of the universe. But he must give up this vain pretense, this petty provincial way of thinking and judging.
Thomas Kyd, The Spanish Tragedy|I wanted it more than enough. I wanted it with every fiber of my being, and I had the power to make it happen - to make it so I was the one Drew wanted, not Lizzie
Victoria Osteen|My son is a tree surgeon and gets me a lovely tree. I like to put it up early, as I can't wait for Christmas. We dress it with decorations that have been in the family for years.
Steve Keen|We should look closely on what is happening at the moment, guys with little moustaches can pop up everywhere now given this instable economic situation. A look into history shows us what that could mean.
Tana French, The Secret Place|they saythey only wantflowersto grow frommy mouth,so i willlook themdeadin theeyeas ishovesoft petalspastmy lips,chewwithmy jawcompletelyunhinged,& spitthemdownattheir feet-i will never be your expectations of me
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|I think of you when upon the sea the sun flings her beams.I think of you when the moonlight shines in silvery streams.I see you when upon the distant hills the dust awakes;At night when on a fragile bridge the traveler quakes.I hear you when the billows rise on high,With murmur deep.To tread the silent grove where wander I,When all's asleep.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|Every night, we’re all having multiple metaphysical experiences, wholly constructed by our subconscious. Almost one-third of our lives happens inside surreal mental projections we create without trying. A handful of highly specific dreams, such as slowly losing one’s teeth, are experienced unilaterally by unrelated people in unconnected cultures. But these events are so personal and inscrutable that we’ve stopped trying to figure out what they mean.
Usher|Marriage is tough. I can tell my wife all day long that I love her, but it doesn't mean anything if you don't show that.
Joan Lindsay, Picnic at Hanging Rock|He stood between death and life as between night and morning, and thought with a soaring rapture, 'I am not afraid.
Orson Scott Card, The Folk of the Fringe|It's called civilization. Women invented it, and every time you men blow it all to bits, we just invent it again.
Susan Howatch, Mystical Paths|Do someone a favour, you make a friend; favour 'em too much, you make an enemy.
Brom, The Child Thief|Madness,' Nick called. 'That's all I've found here. Does Avalon breed insanity? Is that the nature of magic, to drive everyone out of their minds?
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|I wouldn't waste a day, not an hour, not a moment. Take what you want and damn caution. Live, enjoy. Feed ravenously. Or the biggest regret you'll have at the end of your life is wasted time.
Elbert Hubbard|I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Challenges will come, but success is proof of challenges conquered and difficulties overcome.
Ashley Tisdale|My mom had Julia Child and 'The Fannie Farmer Cookbook' on top of the refrigerator, and she had a small repertoire of French dishes.
Brittany Perloff, Starting Over|when you shoot for the stars, you can't ever look back.
Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth|The insights given by a great professor are a privilege to receive. To be a teacher, by contrast, calls for more ingenuity and patience; it is the canny art of coaxing insights out of the students themselves.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Anyone that says his mind will be probably regarded a fool, but the true artist is not moved by the comments about the looks of his painting or remarks that are dreadfully sarcastic, but hearken now! That he who says what others want to hear hasn't said anything of his own.
Barbara Davis|There are times when the ocean is not the ocean-not blue, not even water, but some violent explosion of energy and danger: ferocity on a scale only gods can summon. It hurls itself at the island, sending spray right over the top of the lighthouse, biting pieces off the cliff. And the sound is a roaring of a beast whose anger knows no limits. Those are the nights the light is needed most.
Randeep Hooda|You always get a special kick on opening day, no matter how many you go through. You look forward to it like a birthday party when you're a kid. You think something wonderful is going to happen.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|I let out a sound that was definitely not a whimper. It was something far more manly, no matter what it sounded like.
E.M. Forster, Howard's End|While the Gods are powerful, we learn little about them. It is only in their day of decadence that a strong light beats into heaven.
Clayton M. Christensen|The Machine stops.""What do you say?""The Machine is stopping, I know it, I know the signs."She burst into a peal of laugher.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Hey, Carrots," he says.
Chuck Berry|This is part of the involuntary bargain we make with the world just by being alive. We get to experiences the splendor of nature, the beauty of art, the balm of love and the sheer joy of existence, always with the knowledge that illness, injury, natural disaster, or pure evil can end it in an instant for ourselves or someone we love.
Billy Graham|The Bible teaches that Satan is the author of sin. Sin is the reason we have afflictions, including death. All of our problems and our suffering are a result of man’s rebellionagainst God. But God has provided a rescue in His Son.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|The times, they are a-changing! What was once defined by tradition, respect, and custom has evolved into a relaxed and casual society. What is acceptable and normal today would never have been permitted in the past.
Joseph Henry Jackson|Did you ever hear anyone say, 'That work had better be banned because I might read it and it might be very damaging to me'?
Emraan Hashmi|There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened.
Kerrigan Bane, Mirror's Edge|It was almost romantic, in a mad-inventor sort of way.
Anonymous|To Your eyes a thousand years are like yesterday come and gone, no more than a watch in the night.You sweep men away like a dream, like grass which springs up in the morning.In the morning it springs up and flowers, by evening it withers and fades.So we are destroyed in Your anger, struck with terror in Your fury.Our guilt lies open before You; our secrets in the light of Your face.All our days pass away in Your anger. Our life is over like a sigh.Our span is seventy years or eighty for those who are strong. And most of these are emptiness and pain, they pass swiftly and we are gone.
Groucho Marx|Room service? Send up a larger room."]
Jill Shalvis, Get A Clue|I've got a hot shower and an even hotter bed only ten minutes from here."	"Hotter bed?"	"It's got a heater in it."	She narrowed her eyes. "It does not."	"Hand to heaven," he said.	She narrowed her eyes. "Does this 'heater' run on electricity?"	"Nope.
Carrie Harris, Bad Taste in Boys|He paused at the bedroom door, shut his eyes, took a deep breath, and walked right out like it was any other morning, and he and Jack would be having breakfast as if they hadn't had sex the night before."Morning," he said, casting a quick glance over his shoulder."Mmm," D grunted."You done in the bath
Tom Bissell, Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter|And so, my beloved Kermit, my dear little Hussein, at the moment America changed forever, your father was wandering an ICBM-denuded watseland, nervously monitoring his radiation level, armed only with a baseball bat, a 10mm pistol, and six rounds of ammunition, in search of a vicious gang of mohawked marauders who were 100 percent bad news and totally had to be dealth with. Trust Daddy on this one.
Samantha Young, Hero|Without a word he started stalking down the street in the opposite direction my grandparents had taken. I started after him, my steps slower.And then quite abruptly Caine whipped around and marched back toward me. Features etched with determination, he yanked me roughly to him and crushed his mouth down over mine. I made a noise of surprise in the back of my throat before my instincts took over. I couldn’t help sinking into his kiss.When he finally let me go we were both breathing hard. Caine smoothed his thumb over my cheek, his eyes still dark with passion and anger. “I could give a fuck who saw that.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.
Sierra Simone, Priest|When he talked his eyes went away from mine and then he forced himself to look straight at me and he began to explain and I knew that he felt very strange with me and that he hated me, and it was funny sitting there and talking like that, knowing he hated me.
Hans Jonas|In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection.
Louise Sommer|It is an axiom of modern social psychology that the stories that tend to get repeated are the ones that somehow have the potential to strengthen the communities in which they are told, or to enhance the relationship between the teller and the hearer. This principle seems to be reflected in the stories that were handed down from the community around Jesus. Again and again, early Christian stories suggest that virtue is not enough. The lives of families and communities can only really flourish where virtue takes second place to love.
Roberto Bolaño|Books are finite, sexual encounters are finite, but the desire to read and to fuck is infinite; it surpasses our own deaths, our fears, our hopes for peace.
Ellyn Bache, The Art of Saying Goodbye|If there is one thing I have learned, from loving Jessamine and even from the evil tasks you have made me do, it is that all forms of life are worthy of compassion.
Martina McBride|Maybe it's oldest-child syndrome, but I have always been competitive, even as a kid with sports. It spills into my career.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The most holy cannibalism you can perform is to eat the flesh and blood of sagacity, and by sharing it with other wisdom thirsty cannibals.
Jim Cymbala, Spirit Rising: Tapping into the Power of the Holy Spirit|I walked down the empty Broad to breakfast, as I often did on Sundays, at a tea-shop opposite Balliol. The air was full of bells from the surrounding spires and the sun, casting long shadows across the open spaces, dispelled the fears of night. The tea-shop was hushed as a library; a few solitary men in bedroom slippers from Balliol and Trinity looked up as I entered, then turned back to their Sunday newspapers. I ate my scrambled eggs and bitter marmalade with the zest which in youth follows a restless night. I lit a cigarette and sat on, while one by one the Balliol and Trinity men paid their bills and shuffled away, slip-slop, across the street to their colleges. It was nearly eleven when I left, and during my walk I heard the change-ringing cease and, all over the town, give place to the single chime which warned the city that service was about to start.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Captain Harald Biscay rubbed his graying temples, staring deep in thought at the vast star field showing on the large navigation display on the bridge. It had been a pretty rough few days for him. Of all the things he’d seen in his travels through the universe, not many rated worthy of being remembered. Of the few examples of items Captain Biscay rated that highly, when he was a young man, his uncle would often play the bagpipes at strange hours of the night – shortly before being put in a ‘home’. That rated a mention.
Christopher Columbus|It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
Shayla Orick|Sofi had no idea how long she sat like that. Tucked up beside this boy she despised more than anyone other than her mother while his music overwhelmed her senses and set them all right again. This man who'd used her and hurt her and probably would again, and yet who stayed, soothing her hair and not saying a word.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|She laced her arms around his neck. "Are you hungry, Azhar?"	His smile made her blood fizz. "Ravenous, Julia."	"Then please, abandon any attempt at controlling your appetite for me," she whispered into his ear, "Because I too am starving.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I can take everything on her face at face value, and that's valuable in a friend.
K.K. Hendin, Only The Good Die Young|Some bridges you crossed on your own, no matter who drove you to the edge.
William Morris|The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
C.A. Pruit, The Chapel|After the first couple weeks, when all your sex toys had met all my sex toys, ...
Arthur C. Clarke|1. When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.2. The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.3. Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Nadège Richards, Asylum 54.0|I doubt I was much of a storyteller, but I would have put that smile in my book. On page 104, right next to the image of the Ward. I would have written it on my heart. I would have proofread it a thousand times under a thousand moons until a thousand tears thoroughly rationalized what it meant to me. Each time for when I’d met the darkness, and then succumbed. The smile read “you can’t break me’”—bold and in italics.
Melissa Marr, Graveminder|It's okay. You're going to save me, Miss Maylene." The girl gave her a genuine look of happiness. "I know it. I knew if I found you everything would be okay.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Resentment seems to have been given us by nature for a defense, and for a defense only! It is the safeguard of justice and the security of innocence.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|Sex was a happiness transaction. And rugby had given Linc the means to feel very happy, very often.
Vatsal Surti, On Love|Do we really need each other, or are we just covering up each other's loneliness?
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|Now when I die, I shall only be dead.
Agha Kousar|Do whatever you want, even spend time with any one or help any one. Don't keep any expectation that the person you are helping today he will give u same manner tomorrow. This expectation is one of the big obstacle between you and your success. Be independent, limited and love yourself. Enhance your personality instead of wasting time and energy by planning to take revenge. Because best revenge for your enemies is not their defeat but they will get defeat by your success
Mandi Lynn, Essence|If you look up the meaning of healing you can find many different definitions. There’s the adjective, noun, and verb (with and without objects). For argument’s sake we will use the verb. Still there are many definitions. The one that fits here is to free from evil; cleanse; purify; to heal the soul.Free from evil, even if you didn’t know it was there.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|If I hadn’t stopped to thank the ghoul, I might not be covered in rotting, slimy, dead guy. I shook my head ruefully and continued walking. No good deed goes unpunished.
Evita Ochel|Shed who you think you are, to experience who you really are.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|He was thirty-six years old, and six foot three. He spoke English to people and French to cats, and Latin to the birds. He had once nearly killed himself trying to read and ride a horse at the same time.
Nina Bangs, The Pleasure Master|She felt the glide of his hair as he lowered his head to study the zipper on her skirt. Herimagination supplied other places his hair could touch, and she drew in her breath.He carefully pulled down the zipper, then pulled it back up. After several up and downforays, Kathy grew impatient:"Hello? Have I lost you to a zipper?" Darn. She must sound like every greedy womanwho'd ever lain with him.His soft chuckle reassured her. " 'Tis a long night, lass, and the waiting willna hurt ye.These metal teeth are wondrous things.
Jack Ma|If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|If, living in the world, you refuse to be a part of it, you will help other out of this chaos - not in the future, not tomorrow, but now.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|I'm so alive.As I stand facing the beauty of the never-ending Pacific Ocean, a late afternoon breeze blows down from the hills behind. As always, it is a beautiful day. The sun is making its final descent. The magic is about to begin. The skies are ready to burn with brilliance, as it turns from a soft blue to a bright orange. Looking towards the West, I stare in awe at the hypnotic power of the waves. A giant curl begins to take form, then breaks with a thundering clap as it crashes on the shore.
Michael Chabon, Werewolves In Their Youth|I HAD known him as a bulldozer, as a samurai, as an android programmed to kill, as Plastic Man and Titanium Man and Matter-Eater Lad, as a Buick Electra, as a Peterbilt truck, and even, for a week, as the Mackinac Bridge, but it was as a werewolf that Timothy Stokes finally went too far.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|There is beautiful you are.""No," said Marged, between a sigh and a sob."Yes," said Owen."No," said Marged, not so certain."Behold," Owen said, from Solomon. "thou art fair. Thou hast dove's eyes.""Dove's eyes are small." Marged said."Yours are so big they are my whole world," said Owen.
Stefan Sagmeister|Ninety percent of games lose money; 10 percent make a lot of money. And there's a consistency around the competitive advantages you create, so if you can actually learn how to do the art, the design, and the programming, you would be consistently very profitable.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: Part One|I gritted my teeth and suffered my agony in silence. I did it for a sense of control, even though I knew that screaming was a release that would help ease a little of my pain.
Arnold J. Toynbee|Who does not desire such a victory by which we shall join places in our Kingdom, so far divided by nature, and for which we shall set up trophies in another conquered world?
Ilona Andrews, Magic Burns|Not only will you sleep with me, but you will say 'please.'"I stared at him, shocked. The smile widened. "You will say 'please' before and 'thank you' after." Nervous laughter bubbled up. "You've gone insane. All that peroxide in your hair finally did your brain in, Goldilocks.
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches. 
Bahman Ghobadi|I am not the same man I was 35 years ago. And I hope that five years and ten years from now, I'll be a better man, a more mature man, a wiser man, a more humble man and a more spirited man to serve the good of my people and the good of humanity.
Lottie Moggach, Kiss Me First|The atom can't be seen, yet its existence can be proved. And it is simple to prove that it can't ever be seen. It has to be studied by indirect evidence — and the technical difficulty has been compared to asking a man who has never seen a piano to describe a piano from the sound it would make falling downstairs in the dark.
Dada Bhagwan|Illusion (maya) cannot enter where there is ‘light’ (enlightenment, awareness). Once darkness falls, illusion will enter there. The Gnani Purush can arrange for your illusion to go away permanently.
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|What we sometimes see as annoying, incessant questions from a child may be a plea for recognition. Maybe they do not need an answer as much as attention.
Clint Catalyst, Pills, Thrills, Chills, and Heartache: Adventures in the First Person|Sorrow is humbling. I want my pain to be fabulous. I don't need my pain to be worse than anyone else's; I just want it to be strangely, uniquely mine. Art to someone else's breakdown. — Thea Hillman, "Dear Kath 
Jerhia|If you get NO as an answer, remember, N.O means Next Opportunity.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Life was not to be sitting in hot amorphic leisure in my backyard idly writing or not-writing, as the spirit moved me. It was, instead, running madly, in a crowded schedule, in a squirrel cage of busy people. Working, living, dancing, dreaming, talking, kissing — singing, laughing, learning. The responsibility, the awful responsibility of managing (profitably) 12 hours a day for 10 weeks is rather overwhelming when there is nothing, noone, to insert an exact routine into the large unfenced acres of time — which it is so easy to let drift by in soporific idling and luxurious relaxing. It is like lifting a bell jar off a securely clockwork-like functioning community, and seeing all the little busy people stop, gasp, blow up and float in the inrush, (or rather outrush,) of the rarified scheduled atmosphere — poor little frightened people, flailing impotent arms in the aimless air. That's what it feels like: getting shed of a routine. Even though one had rebelled terribly against it, even then, one feels uncomfortable when jounced out of the repetitive rut. And so with me. What to do? Where to turn? What ties, what roots? as I hang suspended in the strange thin air of back-home?
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quite alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature. As longs as this exists, and it certainly always will, I know that then there will always be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be. And I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|You couldn’t make someone love you with a rune, and you couldn’t assuage grief with it either. So much magic, Clary thought, and nothing to mend a broken heart.
Red Skelton|Take care of him. And make him feel important. And if you can do that, you'll have a happy and wonderful marriage. Like two out of every ten couples.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|Was it necessary to tell me that you wanted nothing in the world but me?'The corners of his mouth drooped peevishly.Oh, my dear, it's rather hard to take quite literally the things a man says when he's in love with you.'Didn't you mean them?'At the moment.
Paul Kropp, How to Make Your Child a Reader for Life|When Benjamin Franklin, the famous inventor and publisher, was serving as the American ambassador to France, he often impressed French intellectual with the wisdom of his remarks. At one dinner, the question was raised, "What human condition deserves the most pity?" Each of the guests responded, but the answer that is still remembered is Benjamin Franklins's: "A lonesome man on a rainy day who does not know how to read.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Something ancient in us bends us toward the origins of the whole thing. We either drown in the splits and confusions of our lives, or we surrender to something greater than ourselves. The water of our deepest troubles is also the water of our own solution. In surrender, we descend down to the bottom of it and back to the beginning of it; down into what is divided in order to get back to the wholeness before the split. Healing, health, wealth, wholeness: all hail from the same roots. To heal is to make whole again; wholeness is what all healing seeks and what alone can truly unify our spirit.
Wogu Donald|My heart is set on my dreams, I persevere and I make a difference
T.S. Eliot|Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.
Robert Jordan, The Eye of the World|The forest smelled fresh here and the ground was soft, carpeted by leaves and fallen pine needles. It was tranquil and enchanting in its way. Ursula was lovely; she just wasn’t a naiad. Her hair was dark and sleek, and so long it fell below her waist, swaying this way and that as she walked. Her eyes were a piercing blue, always aware, and she had a keen eye for the smallest details. She may have been a merchant, but she’d also trained as an archer for the city militia, and she could easily spot movement at a distance. That was her intention now; it was just a different kind of movement.
L.J. Smith, The Passion|More than anything." Rob persisted. "You'd crawl on your belly over broken glass for her. Easy.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Happiness and success require the highest possible optimism, with minimal expectations. Optimize without limits, and expect anything in particular.
Robert Fulghum, True Love|We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness — and call it love — true love.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Change your focus. Refocus on the desired results Once you acknowledge how easy it is to attract factors in your life that you do not want and accept how effective and simple the law is, you can start using it to your advantage.
Isabel Allende|If I were involved with the NBA, I wouldn't want a 19-year-old or a 20-year-old kid to bring into all the travel and all the problems that exist in the NBA. I would want a much more mature kid. I would want a kid that maybe I've been watching on another team, and now he's 21, 22 years old instead of 18 or 19, and I might trade for that kid.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray by Oscar Wilde, Fiction, Classics|She is all the great heroines of the world in one. She is more than an individual. I love her, and I must make her love me. I want to make Romeo jealous. I want the dead lovers of the world to hear our laughter, and grow sad. I want a breath of our passion to stir dust into consciousness, to wake their ashes into pain. 
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Every man has a specific skill, whether it is discovered or not, that more readily and naturally comes to him than it would to another, and his own should be sought and polished. He excels best in his niche - originality loses its authenticity in one's efforts to obtain originality.
Amit Chaudhuri, Freedom Song|It was winter, and a night of bitter cold. The snow lay thick upon the ground, and upon the branches of the trees: the frost kept snapping the little twigs on either side of them, as they passed: and when they came to the Mountain-Torrent she was hanging motionless in air, for the Ice-King had kissed her.
Juliette Gordon Low|Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
Charles Jencks|We had two rules growing up in my house: If you're going to take a shower, do it with whomever you're dating so you don't waste water; and if you buy one for yourself, buy six, because everybody's going to want one.
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|You see, this would be a death by the imagination. And though the imagination feeds on phantoms, it needs a premise in reality to begin with. Then it can go on from there under its own power.("Mind Over Murder")
Mahendra Singh Dhoni|It is hard to compete with other sports. Badminton is a sport which, when compared with football and tennis, still needs promotion.
Anonymous|God's revelation in the Gospel not only reveals Who He is, but it also reveals who we are.
Neil Jain|Man is always inferior to a woman, a fact he will never realize not confess in his lifetime!
Anne Spollen, The Shape of Water|All too often, when we see injustices, both great and small, we think, That's terrible, but we do nothing. We say nothing. We let other people fight their own battles. We remain silent because silence is easier. Qui tacet consentire videtur is Latin for 'Silence gives consent.' When we say nothing, when we do nothing, we are consenting to these trespasses against us.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|I, too, am a drum major for justice. I will continue to speak out-LOUD and PROUD- as long as gay youth are killing themselves because someone instilled in them they are not enough. Well, baby, you're more than enough. You were molded with the same care and precision as your heterosexual counterparts. You are unique. God has a special plan for you that only you can fulfill. Live your life!
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|However it might go, I should have no regrets. If I should be reduced to begging in the street, then I should enjoy the feel of pavement beneath my feet and the odors of asphalt and automobile exhausts. Good and bad fortune were equally attractive when viewed in such a context. Hunger was as interesting as satiety. A life without sight was as interesting as life with sight. Who was to say different? Society? The bulk of humanity?They were living their first lives, cautiously aware that someday they would die. They had everything to lose. They could not take the risks. But I had been through death, had my insides burned out by it twice.I was living a second life, freed of those cautious awarenesses.I had nothing to lose. I could take all the risks.
Honore de Balzac|There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|When a caterpillar looks in the mirror, he sees a butterfly.
Wayne Chirisa|Every great dream has no defined parameters, out of fear we set the limitations.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Every man becomes the image of the God he adores.He whose worship is directed to a dead thing becomes dead.He who loves corruption rots.He who loves a shadow becomes, himself, a shadow. He who loves things that must perish lives in dread of their perishing.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|In spite of minor hassles, life was good.
Toba Beta|As a Christian, your godly life and your godly mothering sends its shimmering wake throughout all eternity.
John Brunner, The Sheep Look Up|We know a lot nowadays about how to extrapolate from rats to people, but we don't only have to rely on that. In a sense we've made ourselves into experimental animals. There are too many of us, too crowded, in an environment we've poisoned with our own-uh-byproducts. Now when this happens to a wild species, or to rats in a lab, the next generation turns out weaker and slower and more timid. This is a defense mechanism.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|It's a world of sorrow, Oddie, because we make it so.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|To the untrue man, the whole universe is false--it is impalpable--it shrinks to nothing within his grasp.
Martha Brockenbrough|Think about what I said, Kat. You have nothing to prove.”“I don’t?”“No,” I said, and I’d say it a thousand times.But I knew screaming it from the top of Seneca Rocks wasn’t going to change how she felt.
Brendon Urie|With tennis, you can go pick up a racket, take a lesson, and understand how much talent and skill it takes to be as good as the top pros. Same with golf: pick up a club. But not many can go out and get in a race car and experience a drive at over 200 miles an hour.
Phillip Adams|Jesus Hollywood believed in a lot of things. He believed that the stars in the sky were only ghostly images of dead things. He believed in the grass on the side of the highway as he whipped by. He believed in the sound of a gun cocking. He believed that the heart gave up long before it stopped beating. He believed last words and bedside confessions were only half-assed last-ditch efforts at Redemption signalling imminent death. He believed in lust and rage and that pain is the only proof that one is alive. Jesus Hollywood believed that there was no God, no gods, no Divine Being and he certainly believed that Heaven was only a placating fabrication. He believed Love At First Sight was a myth; that Love was masquerading as Lust. He believed Karma was for those too afraid to be selfish. He believed that Luck and Chance, along with Fate and Destiny, were words the weak used to explain away their inaction. He believed that if you wore a long-sleeved shirt, you could win every game of cards with the right poker face and a few extra cards stashed up your sleeves. Jesus Hollywood certainly did not believe in love. And now, Jesus Hollywood believed he was fucked.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Death appears as the harsh victory of the law of our ancestors of the dimension of our becoming. It is a fact that, as productivity increases, each succeeding generation becomes smaller in stature. The defeat of our fathers is revisited upon us as the limits of our world. Yes, structure is human, it is the monumentalization of congealed sweat, sweat squeezed from old exploitation and represented as nature, the world we inhabit, the objective ground. We do not, in our insect-like comings and going, make the immediate world in which we live, we do not make a contribution, on the contrary we are set in motion by it; a generation will pass before what we have done, as an exploited class, will seep through as an effect of objectivity. (Our wealth is laid down in heaven.) The structure of the world has been built by the dead, they were paid in wages, and when the wages were spent and they were in the ground, what they had made continued to exist, these cities, roads and factories are their calcified bones. They had nothing but their wages to show for what they had done, who they were and what they did has been cancelled out. But what they made has continued into our present, their burial and decay is our present. This is the definition of class hatred. We are no closer now to rest, to freedom, to communism than they were, their sacrifice has brought us nothing, what they did counted for nothing, we have inherited nothing, but they did produce value, they did make the world in which we now live, the world that now oppresses us is constructed from the wealth they made, wealth that was taken from them as soon as they were paid a wage, taken and owned by someone else, owned and used to define the nature of class domination. We too must work, and the value we produce leaks away from us, from each only a trickle but in all a sea of it and that, for the next generation, will thicken into wealth for others to own and as a congealed structure it will be used to frame new enterprises in different directions. The violence of what they produced becomes the structure that dominates our existence. Our lives begin amidst the desecration of our ancestors, millions of people who went to their graves as failures, and forever denied experiences of a full human existence, their simply being canceled out; as our parents die, we can say truly that their lives were for nothing, that the black earth that is thrown down onto them blacks out our sky.
Jules Verne|My cat is not insane, she's just a really good actress.
Rachel Caine, Daylighters|He leaned toward me. Suddenly the space between us shrank."I will do everything in my power to ensure your survival, and should the need arise, I will put myself between danger and you." His voice was quiet and intimate. "Do not hesitate to use me as your shield."His voice sent tiny shivers through me.Wow.
Gary Reilly, Ticket To Hollywood|Tall men are the most romantically successful group on earth, bar none: more successful than rich people, accomplished people and educated people.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Certain seeds it will not nurture, certain fruit it will not bear and when the land kills of its own volition, we acquiesce and say the victim had no right to live
Brian Jacques, Redwall|Who knows, my friend? Maybe the sword does have some magic. Personally, I think it's the warrior who wields it.
Andy Crouch, Culture Making: Recovering Our Creative Calling|Are we creating and cultivating things that have a chance of furnishing the New Jerusalem? Will the cultural goods we devote our lives to - the food we cook and consume; the music we purchase and practice; the movies we watch and make; the enterprises we earn our paychecks from and invest our wealth in - be identified as the glory and honor of our cultural tradition? Or will they be remembered as mediocrities at best, dead-ends at worst? This is not the same as asking whether we are making "christian" culture.
John Cameron Mitchell|I was brought up to believe that it's family first. Of all the people my parents knew, the family was most important. You always turn to your family, and the family supports you. We do what we can to support our young and go and see the grandchildren if they're doing plays at school and their sports events.
Wayne Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I don't know about the first steps in a geography of loss, and I know that it's unmapped. I know that we all have to go by ourselves.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|I used to think I'd be just like them when I grew up, but I am not. And the thing is, somewhere along the way, I stopped wanting to be like them, anyway.
Clark H. Pinnock, A Wideness in God's Mercy: The Finality of Jesus Christ in a World of Religions|If a sight of Christ's outward glory might give a rational assurance of His divinity, why might not an apprehension of He is spiritual glory do so too?
Thomas Jefferson|Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|It occurred to me that no words by the tongue of man can express the simplicities of a quiet land, so I returned to the river.
Olivia Laing, The Trip to Echo Spring|At some point, you have to set down the past. At some point, you have to accept that everyone was doing their best. At some point, you have to gather yourself up, and go onward into your life.
Hanif Kureishi|We stay the same as we've always been, keeping to the path we've walked our whole lives. Paths that carry so much importance and perceived stability that we are utterly convinced it is the only one to walk – that anyone not walking it with us is being misled.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|She [Pansy] pushed in next to Poppy so that she could see him around the guard's elbow. She was as tall as Poppy, with shining dark-brown hair and blue eyes. An utterly lovely girl, as all the princesses were, yet Oliver thought Petunia was far more beautiful.
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|She always used to say that the past is a relentless parasite in its quest, feeding off of the senses, looking for anything that will trigger a memory–forever there to complicate the present, forever there to remind us that it will always be a piece of us. I never had a clue as to what she meant, until now.
Hermann Poppelbaum, Man and Animal Their Essential Difference|...the great experiences which form him, arise out of the discontinuity and disharmony between man and the world. Particularly in great personalities, we see how much of their beauty and excellence is really due to trials suffered earlier at the hands of the world. Beauty--as many have recognized--is pain suffered and transformed. Because the animal is adapted to its environment, it is denied the possibility of developing inward maturity and greatness. As an individual creature it cannot grow beyond the limits of its kind; and again, at death, it falls back with its capacities into the group Ego, from which its soul was something like an offshoot or a patrol sent out on reconnaissance.
Larry Watson, Let Him Go|Words were his delight; Hers, a gay gracefulnessOf dancing and moving. But when to the place Of deep loving (Starlight at midnight)At last they came, Their full communion And consummation,Their complete sphere,Was stillness for her,Silence for him.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|He suddenly recalled from Plato's Symposium: People were hermaphrodites until God split then in two, and now all the halves wander the world over seeking one another. Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|Don't be afraid to excuse yourself. Recharge for as long as you need. Lean up against a tree and take a break from the other bears. I'll be there too, but I promise not to bother you.
Beverly Engel, The Nice Girl Syndrome: Stop Being Manipulated and Abused -- And Start Standing Up for Yourself|If you carry around a lot of suppressed or repressed anger (anger you have unconsciously buried) you may lash out at people, blaming or punishing them for something someone else did a long time ago. Because you were unwilling or unable to express how you felt in the past, you may overreact in the present, damaging a relationship.
Avra Amar Filion|We were wiser as children if not for anything else but for our ability to always reflect. Reflection is a powerful tool to move forward into an enlightened stage of wisdom. Children reflect everyday about being reprehended, what made them happy, something new they discovered. This constant state of reflection is what makes them grow and unfortunately the arrogance of adulthood brings reflection to a halt and puts a stop to a continual growth that we should pursue, as we once did.
Deyth Banger|When you want something to move out of your life, don't focus on it. Give attention to what you want.
Charles Caleb Colton|A hug is worth a thousand words. A friend is worth more."True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Luther Standing Bear, My Indian Boyhood|Dad?""What?" A small bird rises from a tree in front of us."What should I be when I grow up?"The bird disappears over a far ridge. I don't know what to say. "Honest," I finally say.
Libba Bray|A great library doesn't have to be big or beautiful. It doesn't have to have the best facilities or the most efficient staff or the most users. A great library provides. It is enmeshed in the life of a community in a way that makes it indispensable. A great library is one nobody notices because it is always there, and always has what people need.
Willa Cather|It was Public Art, defined as art that is purchased by experts who are not spending their own personal money.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|Quote of the day:"You are not a bad person.You are just a good person, in a bad place.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Danse Macabre|Still it might be nice, once in a while, not to have to choose between evils. Just once, couldn't I choose the lesser good?
Daniel Alarcón, At Night We Walk in Circles|Those silly girls had no idea what they were really celebrating. They had no idea what it took to bring Agatha and her friends together seventy-five years ago. The Women's Society Club had been about supporting one another, about banding together to protect one another because no one else would. But it had turned into an ugly beast, a means by which rich ladies would congratulate themselves by giving money to the poor. And Agatha had let it happen. All her life, it seemed, she was making up for things she let happen.
Rand Paul|The Safari Club International has worked the legal system hard to try to keep polar bears - threatened primarily by climate change, but also by hunting - on the list of creatures people can import as trophies after shooting.
|Vow to always persevere through your struggles, challenges, and obstacles until you arrive at the rewarding end of them.
Natascha McElhone|The world that I am coming from, hip-hop, is so regurgitated and repetitive that some people are used to that and they don't want change, they don't like change. And I get that, that's cool. Luckily for me, I'm confident in myself as an artist where I can do what I want, and as long as I'm cool with it, I'm cool with it.
Marianne Williamson|Everyone wants clean air and clean water, but my hope is that we will not regulate it to the point where we drive businesses and industries out of this country, to the point where entrepreneurs cannot start or expand their businesses because they simply can't afford to do so.
Robert Shea|The church wasn't an organization in the first century. They weren't writing checks or buying property. The church has matured and developed over the years. But for some reason, the last thing to change is the structure of leadership.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think you can, you will have the grace to take action.
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|My sister, the one who knows everything and pulls out facts out of a bottomless hat, told me people aren't afraid of snakes or water upon birth. It is only once we hear the snake and water stories, she says, once we are exposed to fear, that we deny our primal instincts and make room for the dread to take root and mature.
Laurence Sterne|We don't love people so much for the good they have done us, as for the good we have done them
Teresa Amabile|In the future, we should anticipate seeing more hybrid wars where conventional warfare, irregular warfare, asymmetric warfare, and information warfare all blend together, creating a very complex and challenging situation to the combatants; therefore it will require military forces to posses hybrid capabilities, which might help deal with hybrid threats.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 26: Call to Arms|A popular Harvard business professor urged his students to read the obituaries in the New York Times before they read anything else, in order to learn from the lives of great men.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|It seemed everyone knew their place in it, but I was in the mood where I would rather be alone and look a houseplants.
Ann Oakley|What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|There is a moment, if you trip or slip, before your hand shoots out to break your fall, when you feel the earth rushing up at you and you cannot help yourself, a passing, fraction-of-a-second terror. I felt that way hour after hour after hour. Being anxious at this extreme level is bizarre. You feel all the time that you want to do something, that there is some affect that is unavailable to you, that there’s a physical need of impossible urgency and discomfort for which there is no relief, as though you were constantly vomiting from your stomach but had no mouth.
Caitlin Moran, Moranthology|Whedon: Studios will tell you: A woman cannot headline an action movie. After The Hunger Games they might stop telling you that a little bit. Whatever you think of the movie, it’s done a great service. And after The Avengers, I think it’s changing.Johansson: A lot of the female superhero movies just suck really badly.Whedon: The suck factor is not small.Johansson: They are really not well made, and already you’re fighting against the tide. There are a couple [female-driven action movies] that have worked-ish, don’t you think?Hemsworth: Angelina Jolie tends to do it pretty well, as the dominant female.Jackson: They got to get The Pro to the screen!Whedon: [Groaning] See, that is the problem. Sam is the problem!Jackson: I love that book!Whedon: [Reluctantly] The Pro is hilarious.Jackson: The Pro’s hilarious. [To the group] You ever see or hear of it?Johansson: No, what’s The Pro?Jackson: It’s [a comic book] about a hooker who gets super powers!Johansson: [Pauses] That is exactly the problem right there.Whedon: That’s why I wasn’t going to bring up The Pro!(From an Entertainment Weekly interview)
Thomas Jefferson|Democracy provides the institutional framework for the reform of political institutions (other than this framework). It makes possible the reform of institutions without using violence, and thereby the use of reason in the designing of new institutions and the adjusting of old ones. It cannot provide reason. The question of the intellectual and moral standard of its citizens is to a large degree a personal problem. (The idea that this problem can be tackled, in turn, by an institutional eugenic and educational control is, I believe, mistaken ; some reasons for my belief will be given below.) It is quite wrong to blame democracy for the political shortcomings of a democratic state. We should rather blame ourselves. In a non-democratic state, the only way to achieve reasonable reforms is by the violent overthrow of the government, and the introduction of a democratic framework. Those who criticize democracy on any ' moral ' grounds fail to distinguish between personal and institutional problems. It rests with us to improve matters. The democratic institutions cannot improve themselves. The problem of improving them is always a problem of persons rather than of institutions.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|It's curious that the Church has become the most tightfisted at the very time in history when God has provided most generously. There's considerable talk about the end of the age, and many people seem to believe that Christ will return in their lifetime. But why is it that expecting Christ's return hasn't radically influenced our giving? Why is it that people who believe in the soon return of Christ are so quick to build their own financial empires--which prophecy tells us will perish--and so slow to build God's kingdom?
Charlie Caruso, Understanding y|Entrepreneurship, with the right mindset, can help anyone reach his goals in life.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|That thing you thought you'd doYou start to think you can't;You always say tomorrow,But you haven't got a plan.Everyone's asking questions,And all you do is dodge.That career that you'd imaginedWas only a mirage.The older that you get,The smaller that you feel;You forget what's only in your head,And what is really real.Sometimes people make it;They become who they meant to be.But most of the time,Dreamers only dream.
Alexandra Elle|Be you, love you. All ways, always.
Michael  Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6)|As I grew older and when I became wiser, I realized that not only are we made of molecules, we are also governed and ruled by them. We are just molecular slaves in this vast limitless creation.
Shoshana Zuboff|In today's knowledge-based economy, what you earn depends on what you learn. Jobs in the information technology sector, for example, pay 85 percent more than the private sector average.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Evil became invisible when it was everywhere. Like air, everyone forgot it was there until it was blowing hard enough to knock off their hat or muss up their hair.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Twenty-seven.”His brow puckered, and he blinked over at her. “Twenty-seven hundred years, right?”If he were speaking to Taliyah, yes. “No. Just twenty-seven plain, ordinary years.”“You don’t mean human years, do you?”“No. I mean dog years,” she said dryly, then pressed her lips together. Where was the filter that was usually poised over her mouth? Strider didn’t seem to mind, though. Rather, he seemed stupefied. Would Sabin have had the same reaction were he awake? “What’s so hard to believe about my age?” As the question echoed between them, a thought occurred to her and she blanched. “Do I look ancient?”“No, no. Of course not. But you’re immortal. Powerful.
Eoin Colfer, The Arctic Incident|I'm the crazy girly captain, Remember?
Dean Francis Alfar|One of the best ways to recharge is by simply being in the presence of art. No thoughts, no critiques. Just full-on absorption mode.
Angela Carter|These days, you could stage a three-point orgy in the garden and nobody would bat an eye...
Valery Bryusov, The Fiery Angel|All my life I have preserved in the depths of my heart a live faith in my Creator, the Defender of the World, in His Sanctifying Grace and in the expiatory sacrifice of Christ our Saviour, but never have I agreed that true religion demands outward manifestations.
Anita Brookner, A Start in Life|Dr Weiss, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature
Adam Gopnik|What drives innovation is abundance and ease, not the pressure of scarcity.
Simon Spurrier, Crossed: Wish You Were Here, Volume 2|Modesty of a way of living,makes it worth while.Petra Hermans
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|I caught his hand. “What do you want me to do?”Leaning down, he kissed the pulse beating on my neck just above the damaged skin. “Tomorrow, I need you to die.
Jose Serrano|Be an advocate for your loved ones in the hospital. Ask tough questions of your local hospital and health system about preparedness for the likeliest emergencies, and express your views on how medical resources should be allocated in case they ever fall short.
S.E. Harmon, Stay with Me|You don’t know the protocol for any kind of anniversary.""Fuck you." Cam's mouth slanted into a smirk. "If you're gonna bitch, maybe I should just give you flowers and chocolate next year.""Beats the blow-job coupons you gave me." Austin grinned wryly,-- Austin & Cam
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|You were placed there by God for a reason, which is to possess the land for the glory of the KING!
Debasish Mridha|Achieving a goal is important, but what is more important is the distance that you have to travel with its ups and downs, fears and failures.
Rachel Spanswick, Fading - Episode 1|There will always be someone, a friend, a relative, a co-worker even, just someone, who will be willing to try that bad thing with you. And they won’t judge you, so don’t worry about that.
Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake|{Calpurnia)"My mother…she’s desperate for a daughter she can dress like a porcelain doll. Sadly, I shall never be such a child. How I long for my sister to come out and distract the countess from my person."He joined her on the bench, asking, "How old is your sister?""Eight," she said, mournfully."Ah. Not ideal.""An understatement." She looked up at the star-filled sky. "No, I shall be long on the shelf by the time she makes her debut.""What makes you so certain you’re shelf-bound?"She cast him a sidelong glance. "While I appreciate your chivalry, my lord, your feigned ignorance insults us both." When he failed to reply, she stared down at her hands, and replied, "My choices are rather limited.""How so?""I seem able to have my pick of the impoverished, the aged, and the deadly dull.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Summer turns and marches away, fed up with being handled like a child. Like she’s a glass doll that might break at any minute. She hasn’t been a child since the day she was whipped into muteness. Anxiety might strangle her sometimes, but she’s not some baby needing to be coddled.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Grateful moments, blessed time.
Oliver Burkeman|When I look at people talking about intersectionality, what I see is the human being magnifying a biological attribute, and then putting them aside, putting them in a corner as victims of oppression....I most certainly don't see myself as a victim.
M.J. Rose, Seduction|The fifth sense is "common sense"- either you have it or you don't.
Brynn Myers, The Life & Death of Jorja Graham|The end is also the beginning. In order to arrive at your destiny, you must first accept the path that lies ahead. It is paved with loss, betrayal, and sorrow, but the circle is not at its end You must continue on until you find your true center and your peace.
Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan|Islam affords women their rightful status, and encourages them to work in all sectors, as long as they are afforded appropriate respect.
Benjamin Franklin|If you would be remembered, write a book worth the reading or live a life worth the writing about.
Angelica Hopes|If you ask an Irishman for directions, he might be quick to answer, Well if I were going there, I would not start here.
Robin Gibb|I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional.
Max Muller|Our conscience is not the vessel of eternal verities. It grows with our social life, and a new social condition means a radical change in conscience.
Deyth Banger|To know as much as me, to know more you must start do stuff which make some scars on you.
Anthony Holden|I didn't finish my dress until about three days before my wedding - I had the flu and was stitching it from my bed. And the tulle came back from India all brown. We had to wash it for hours, but that didn't dissuade me from wearing it.
Ross  Turner, Jenson|Regardless of my age, such a trivial thing isn’t important, it was upon that decision which my life hung.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Take anything that is above you to God, lift it, bless it and release it and see what God will do.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|I do not remember how it got into my head to make the first calculations related to rocket. It seems to me the first seeds were planted by famous fantaseour, J. Verne.
Sigrid Undset, The Axe|God grant ... that he may learn to understand in time, that whoso is minded to do as he himself wills will soon enough see the day when he will find he has done that which he had never willed.
Siobhan Davis, Finding Kyler|This whole scenario is sick, depraved, but also grossly fascinating. I’ve become a Peeping Tom. And. It’s. Turning. Me. On.
Molly Ostertag|We don’t vote for people because they are the exact embodiment of our values, but because they are likely to be the most responsive to them.
R.G. Risch, Beyond Mars: Crimson Fleet|War is nothing more than organized insanity. That's why crazy and unexpected tactics work most of the time. When they don't, we won't live to tell about it.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Above all things physical, it is more important to be beautiful on the inside - to have a big hear and an open mind and a spectacular spleen.
Thomas Aquinas|let anyone using those weasel words “freedom of worship” know, they have “freedom of worship” in China and it is meaningless and it is vile. “Freedom of worship” says you may do what you like in that building on Sunday mornings or whenever you like, but when you come out you will bow to the secular orthodoxy of the state. That is the antithesis of what the Founders meant in guaranteeing “freedom of religion.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The central element in the economic problem of money is the objective exchange-value of money, popularly called its purchasing power.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There is more than one road to spiritual salvation. We discover a philosophical way of living by encountering the world, culling knowledge from all available resources, and thinking reverently about life.
فرید الدین عطار|How arrogant you areTo think your wretched Self so singular!The disappointments of this world will dieIn less time than the blinking of an eye,And as the earth must pass, pass by the earth Don't even glance at it, know what it's worth;What empty foolishness it is to careFor what must one day be dispersed to air!
Stasia Ward Kehoe, Audition|Dare I tell them that since I came here to danceI have been giving pieces of my body awayTo ridiculous diets,To repeated injuries,To Remington?And that maybeI thinkWith each bit of my bodyI lose a little piece of my soul
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no gem like virtue, no wealth like happiness, no treasure like faith, and no jewel like love.
Colton Robinsmith|make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sorts of acquaintances only - those by whom something may be got, and those from whom something may be learned. - Colton
Jennifer Elisabeth|I know that your soul is on life support and that you feel lost and like you’re completely spinning out of control, but you’re finding yourself — here, tonight… even in this darkness.
Vera Wang|Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
Lucy Foley, The Book of Lost and Found|«This summer's been a dream,» Ethan murmured.«I know.»«I just hate that we've only got one week before it ends.»«You've got it all wrong, Eth,» Alek said, gently running his hand through Ethan's surfer hair. «This summer's not the dream. We are. You and me. And it doesn't matter what time of the year it is, as long as we're together.»«I like that, Polly-O.» Ethan smiled.«We'll wreak havoc, you and me.» Alek told him.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|Given her deafness, the auditory part of the brain, deprived of its usual input, had started to generate a spontaneous activity of its own, and this took the form of musical hallucinations, mostly musical memories from her earlier life. The brain needed to stay incessantly active, and if it was not getting its usual stimulation..., it would create its own stimulation in the form of hallucinations.
Harper Lee|Beauty may be only skin deep but the judgments founded on it ten to go a lot deeper, whether we wished they would or not.
Gisele Bundchen|A happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|Heyday, now that is a funny word ain't it? Part of a heyday is, you don't never know you are having yourself one till later when it's all over with, long gone.
Malak El Halabi|He says "You are my property" and I feel relieved. After all, no one wishes to shatter what he owns.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|Where wealth is health, bankruptcy is death.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|I made a list of people who needed just a little bit of money. And when the list was complete, there were 42 names. The total amount of money they needed was $27. I was shocked.
Mark W. Boyer|As a mentor you have to learn how to tackle the past of your mentee, be able to put it to sleep and focus to the promising future of him/her.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, gets broken.
Anna Smaill, The Chimes|When you don't grasp something or remember something, I think your mind at last says, "Okay," and part of it accepts this. In the end your mind gets to welcome that deadening. that's what I believe anyway. Half of our memoryloss is by choice.
Mollie Hunter, The Kelpie's Pearls|[Hades] returned his attention to the playlist while I eased the car back on the road. His fingers flipped deftly over the screen. 'Orpheus...Dusk...Orpheus...Dusk...do you have anything on here that doesn't make people want to jump off a cliff?' ... 'I'm driving. When you learn to drive something more modern than a horse and buggy, we can listen to your music.''I can drive!''Did they even have cars the last time you can to the surface?' I teased.'Yes.''Not counting the minute and a half you spent rescuing me last year?'Hades fell silent, and I laughed. 'I didn't think so.
Marian Jordan Ellis, Sex and the Single Christian Girl: Fighting for Purity in a Rom-Com World|You've done her a service to teach her that romantic love is largely made of illusion." [said Mina.] "Is it?" Alessandra asked, unable to suppress a worried sigh. Mina looked at her as if she knew exactly what Alessandra was thinking. "I said 'romantic love,' my dear--not true love." "But how can one know," asked Alessandra, "one from the other?" "True love," said Mina, "is something that reveals itself only with the passage of time.
William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin|His shirt is rumpled. His fingers, long and slender, are stained yellow at the tips from smoking. His mind is always on something else. My mind is busy, too, reading every cue and signal, keeping track of all the things that cannot be discussed, that must not be remembered, that have to be erased.
L.H. Cosway, Still Life with Strings|A picture is just a picture, but add music and there's emotion. There's a story.
Ignatius of Antioch|Food culture is like listening to the Beatles - it's international, it's very positive, it's inventive and creative.
Agnostic Zetetic|Should' assumes that when either willingness or ability is lacking, it may be compensated for by an abundance of the other. This is simply not realistic.
William Hague|Jazz stands for freedom. It's supposed to be the voice of freedom: Get out there and improvise, and take chances, and don't be a perfectionist - leave that to the classical musicians.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Anyone whose goal is 'something higher' must expect someday to suffer vertigo. What is vertigo? Fear of falling? No, Vertigo is something other than fear of falling. It is the voice of the emptiness below us which tempts and lures us, it is the desire to fall, against which, terrified, we defend ourselves.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, The Great Divide: Unequal Societies and What We Can Do About Them|Democracy, we now know, is more than periodic elections in some countries, such elections have been used to legitimize essentially authoritarian regimes and deprive large parts of the citizenry of basic rights.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Love of love written by the broken hearted, love of life written by the dead.
Floor|Enchantment and fulfillment were on the gold and garnet horizon - autumn's breath, a dormant dream reawakened, a yearning nearly satiated, a tender thank you with a brush of the lips, and a connection as fingers touch and go hand in hand.
Anaïs Nin|As long as you draw breath anywhere -here or ten thousands miles from here- I will love you. I can't help loving you, so I choose to hate you...to make my love bearable.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|You're asking me to define an abstract concept that no one has managed to explain since time began. You sort of sprang it on me," Gansey said. "Why do we breathe air? Because we love air? Because we don't want to suffocate. Why do we eat? Because we don't want to starve. How do I know I love her? Because I can sleep after I talk to her. Why?
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. Eons ago, we created a Universe, then sat back and watched miniature versions of ourselves try to make all the same mistakes we did.
Rita Mae Brown|There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.
Wallace Stegner|The warmth and sun-drenched days of late summer, had been replaced by the cold, darkness of November, where the crisp chill served as a precursor to a winter that would long overstay its welcome once the holidays had past.
Anthony Liccione|Peeta" I said "Stay with me"I heard him say one word before the drigs pulled me under, I realised later that what he said was 'always
Chica Umino, Honey and Clover, Vol. 6|Dear God,what is my purpose of life?What should I do to find it?Once I found it, will I become stronger?....Oh no, my mind is blank.a strange sound kept ringing in my head.What sound is that...?Ah, I know.It's...The sound of emptiness.
Nargis Fakhri|A successful marriage is a decision. You decide it's going to work. You can't always be there, but you have to be there enough. And you have to make sure you are where you're needed most.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|And keep in mind that the you that makes life worthy of living today won’t be the same you that makes life worth living this time next year. Identities aren’t meant to be permanent. They’re like cars: they take us from one place to another. We work, travel, and seek adventure in them until they break down beyond repair. At that point, living well means finding a new model that better suits us for a new moment.
Victoria Abril|I love the smell of shampoo on a girl's hair. You can walk past someone and be like, 'Wow, you took a shower this morning, didn't you? Because you smell lovely.'
S.J. Himes, Wolf of the Northern Star|Kane hugged Ghost to him. Ghost clung, pressing his face into Kane’s chest. “Whether you are Luca or Ghost or you choose a new name, none of that will change how I feel about you. Your family may not be the way it was before you got lost, but I am here. You came back to me. And I am never going to let you go.
Callie Hunter, The Artist|Maybe I lacked coping skills. Maybe I was weak. I cared for people for no better reason than they seemed to care for me, acknowledge me. It didn’t seem so dangerous at the time.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Isolation is at the heart of all disease, therefore healing requires community and the support of others.
Mohamed Zahy Hussain|it can't be wrong, if it feels so wrong
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|You were you,and I was I;we were twobefore our time.I was yoursbefore I knew,and you have always been mine too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Jesus Christ suffered,to bear the sin of mankind.
Monique Wittig, The Straight Mind: And Other Essays|A text by a minority writer is effective only if it succeeds in making the minority point of view universal. ('The Universal and the Particular')" ... In claiming the lesbian point of view as universal, she overturns the concepts to which we are accustomed. For up to this point, minority writers had to add "the universal" to their points of view if they wished to attain the unquestioned universality of the dominant class. Gay men, for example, have always defined themselves as a minority and never questioned, despite their transgression, the dominant choice. This is why gay culture has always had a fairly wide audience. [From the Foreword "Changing the Point of View" by Louise Turcotte]
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|I get accused all the time of having a bigmouth. But if you ask me, guys gossip way more than girls do.
Elton John|I have an armchair interest in gardening, but I don't like to get my knees dirty. I don't have a garden.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes|The Greeks were more preoccupied with, where these ousted gods resided. That is: The fallen son's of God could go where humans were, but humans could not go where they were. According to Greek mythology, Tartarus was an imposed condition for bad gods--not bad humans. (page 10)
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: Notes on a Latin American Journey|I now know, by an almost fatalistic conformity with the facts, that my destiny is to travel...
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|Our experiences and our memories are within us, and the key is to be aware of the lens or the filter, to realise that we can also change the angle, especially when we are feeling agitated or stuck in life, that we can change the record.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|People look down on stuff like geography and meteorology, and not only because they're standing on one and being soaked by the other. They don't look quite like real science. But geography is only physics slowed down and with a few trees stuck on it, and meteorology is full of excitingly fashionable chaos and complexity. And summer isn't a time. It's a place as well. Summer is a moving creature and likes to go south for the winter.
William Blake|Participate joyfully in the sorrows of the world. We cannot cure the world of sorrows, but we can choose to live in joy.
Ramana Pemmaraju|If you're to explain your works, then surely you have chosen wrong audience!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ignorance is your opponent, fear is your enemy, vice is your adversary, virtue is your friend, and wisdom is your helper.
Sunday Adelaja|Without a relationship with God, it is not possible to have order in your life.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|And this is what living next to a waterfall is like, Safran. Every widow wakes one morning, perhaps after years of pure and unwavering grieving, to realize she slept a good night's sleep, and will be able to eat breakfast, and doesn't hear her husband's ghost all the time, but only some of the time. Her grief is replaced with useful sadness. Every parent who loses a child finds a way to laugh again. The timbre begins to fade. The edge dulls. The hurt lessens. Every love is carved from loss. Mine was. Yours is. Yor great-great-great-grandchildren's will be. But we learn to live in that love
Morgana Blackrose, Phoenyx: Flesh and Fire Erotic Memoirs of a Striptease Artist|It's funny, this - so many words to describe the same thing,” she smiled...“Penis is simply an anatomical appendage, as exciting as a finger or a phalange. A willy is something small and flaccid, and at least slightly humorous. Prick is the organ as viewed with distaste, perhaps with so much as to describe the entire body it’s attached to, like a dick, but more so. Phallus is a symbol of fertility, but my favourite...is the cock, which is only ever the hard, real thing, unleashed and ready to dive head-first into any waiting orifice. Or hole, while I’m in thesaurus mode.
Henri Charrière|When you're suffering, you're oversensitive to everything.
Thorsten J. Pattberg|Yes, the monsters were real. Are real. There are creatures in this world that exist beyond the scope of what you know and see. Remember, not all are created equal. Some are better…and worse than others…just like humans.
Dalene Matthee, Fiela's Child|We humans are different - our brains are built not to fix memories in stone but rather to transform them, our recollections in their retelling.
Neil Gaiman|Libraries really are wonderful. They're better than bookshops, even. I mean bookshops make a profit on selling you books, but libraries just sit there lending you books quietly out of the goodness of their hearts.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|And when I saw him[my father] lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might be not. Either way, we're on our own.
Simon Gray|JASON: 'Intended wings.' How depressing.MICHAEL: Yes. Makes them into suicides, really, the pigeons.JASON: No - no, it doesn't. It could mean the wings were 'intended' to carry them upwards, out of the darkness, but they were defective in some way, these wings, so the pigeons aren't suicidal, not at all, just badly equipped for flying. Like the rest of us.
Gregory David Roberts|Фанатиците винаги имат един такъв раздърпан, опулен вид. Приличат на хора, които не мастурбират, но непрекъснато мислят за това.
Suresh Raina|In 1964, when Lee Iacocca said, 'Shelby, I want you to make a sports car out of the Mustang,' the first thing I said was, 'Lee, you can't make a race horse out of a mule. I don't want to do it.' He said, 'I didn't ask you to make it; you work for me.'
Barbara Ehrenreich, Nickel and Dimed: On (Not) Getting By in America|But apparently you don't need dot-com wealth to ruin an area for its low-income residents. The Pioneer Press quotes Secretary of HUD Andrew Cuomo ruing the "cruel irony" that prosperity is shrinking the stock of affordable housing nationwide: "The stronger the economy, the stronger the upward pressure on rents.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|The dead do not harm us, only the alive.
M.., The Meaning(s) of Life: A Human's Guide to the Biology of Souls|When you gaze out on a quiet, peaceful meadow, next to a still pond, under a motionless blue sky, you wonder how the noisy, busy cacophony of life could have arisen from such silent, motionless beginning.
Pope Benedict XVI|If you follow the will of God, you know that in spite of all the terrible things that happen to you, you will never lose a final refuge. You know that the foundation of the world is love, so that even when no human being can or will help you, you may go on, trusting in the One that loves you.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Consciousness ("here" and "now") is not"false and misleading" because of language; consciousness is language, andnothing else, because it is false and misleading.
Michelle M. Pillow, The Reluctant Lord|Without love, life was nothing but endless tasks and battles.
Jonathan Swift|There's no such thing as old age, there is only sorrow.
Nicholson Baker, The Mezzanine|Cooking is all about connection, I've learned, between us and other species, other times, other cultures (human and microbial both), but, most important, other people. Cooking is one of the more beautiful forms that human generosity takes; that much I sort of knew. But the very best cooking, I discovered, is also a form of intimacy.
Charles Clifford Peale|Life has no smooth road for any of us  and in the bracing atmosphere of a high aim the very roughness stimulates the climber to steadier steps 'til the legend  "over steep ways to the stars " fulfills self.
Mensah Oteh|Success is a product of inspiration, and if you can keep yourself inspired you can achieve any dream or goal
Dan Florence, Zombies Love Pizza|America, I know we have our problems. I realize that the scale and our waistlineare foremost among them. I’m willing to make concessions, I really am. I drink, and prefer, skim milk. I’ll take water packed tuna over oil packed tuna any day. I can stomach low-fat ranch or I-Can’t-Believe-It’s-Not-Anything. I’ll even look the other way on sugar free ice cream (believe me that one hurts), but I’ll be darned if I’m gonna let somebody take my delicious delicious pig fat from me. I’d rather die.
Zia Haider Rahman|Since when did books ever solve anything? They only raise more questions than they answer, otherwise they’re just fucking entertainment, and I am not here to fucking entertain you.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|When you speak of heaven, let your face light up... When you speak of hell well then, your everyday face will do.
Yaqub ibn Ishaq al-Kindi|We should not be ashamed to acknowledge truth and to assimilate it from whatever source it comes to us, even if it is brought to us by former generations and foreign peoples. For him who seeks the truth there is nothing of higher value than truth itself; it never cheapens or debases him who reaches for it but ennobles and honors him.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, God Is in the Manger: Reflections on Advent and Christmas|Two classes of people make up the world: those who have found God, and those who are looking for Him - thirsting, hungering, seeking! And the great sinners came closer to Him than the proud intellectuals! Pride swells and inflates the ego; gross sinners are depressed, deflated and empty. They, therefore, have room for God. God prefers a loving sinner to a loveless 'saint'. Love can be trained; pride cannot. The man who thinks that he knows will rarely find truth; the man who knows he is a miserable, unhappy sinner, like the woman at the well, is closer to peace, joy and salvation than he knows.
Veronica Purcell, In Anwar's Care|Don't worry about the consequences, just be a writer!
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|The word "Christian" means 'like Christ'! We are to reflect His beauty, do His deeds, think His thoughts, and speak His words. This is what it means to become conformed into the image of Jesus Christ. Do we really understand to what we are committing ourselves when we sing the song 'To be like Jesus...All I ask, to be like Him'? Actually, we are asking for everything that Jesus is: His character, His work, His mind, His word, His beauty, power, wisdom, and will. This is a big order, but it is our destiny! This is what life is all about. To miss this is to miss everything. To gain this is to possess the answer to life's biggest question. Christ is the answer! God planned it so. The will of God the Father for you centers in His Son!
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|Trust to some was placing all your insecurities and beliefs in one single person, and hoping he or she wouldn’t squash them.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|I want to tell him that it's just a stupid car, but bits of me are scattered all over town; the graveyard, school, Cassie's room, the motel, and standing in from of the sink in my mother's kitchen. It takes too much energy to gather all the bits together, so I just sit there and watch him implode. 
Tom Hiddleston|I don't think anyone, until their soul leaves their body, is past the point of no return
Stefan Zweig|He felt a kind of bridal expectation, sweet and sensuous yet vaguely mingled with anticipatory fear of its own fulfilment, with the mysterious shiver felt when something endlessly desired suddenly comes physically close to the astonished heart.
Nikola Tesla|The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine.
William Goyen, The House of Breath|I wanted to putt my hand on this hand and hold it still under mine, made still by his made still. Oh he was bright and I was dark and I gave him all my darkness on that ship; but we joined, for all good things in the world, and to find somethin together; and loved, I never knew I could do it and was afraid; and on the bow of the ship that night that he said, "What have we done Christy?"I said, wonderin too, "But somethin good will come of this, I know somethin good will come of this..."Only sorrow came.
Mitt Romney|Great wisdom is generous; petty wisdom is contentious. Great speech is impassioned, small speech cantankerous.
Francis de Sales|What each man is in Your eyes, thus he is, and no more.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|When we shift from personal purity to personal happiness, we lose biblical hope because we are not focusing on God's agenda, we are focusing on our own. God's agenda is guaranteed on our agenda is not.
Robert Jensen|I am afraid of sex as sex is defined by the dominant culture, as practiced all around me, and projected onto magazine pages, billboards, and movie screens. I am afraid of sex because I am afraid of domination, cruelty, violence, and death. I am afraid of sex because sex has hurt me and hurt lots of people I know, and because I have hurt others with sex in the past. I know that there are people out there who have been hurt by sex in ways that are beyond words, who have experienced a depth of pain that I will never fully understand. And I know there are people who are dead because of sex. Yes, I am afraid of sex. How could I not be?
Leah Levkowitz|Once you see how every moment of your life and every choice you make matters and that you can truly do no wrong, you will have fulfilled your purpose."– Divinely Guided Success: Discover The Missing Piece To Reveal Your Destiny
1 Kings 19 1113|The response to stress is not less time in God's Word, but more.
Muhammad Ali, The Greatest My Own Story|People should either be caressed or crushed. If you do them minor damage they will get their revenge; but if you cripple them there is nothing they can do. If you need to injure someone, do it in such a way that you do not have to fear their vengeance.
Margaret Aranda, No More Tears: A Physician Turned Patient Inspires Recovery|We ended up our talk by my asking Dennis his feelings now about the Marines. Any regrets for all those wounds? Or about having been sent to and having to fight an unpopular war?"No. The Marine Corps meant a tremendous amount to me. And even today I gain momentum from it. The Corps is one of the prime reasons Marines are so successful in whatever we do - because we refuse to quit.
Mehmet Murat ildan|History is full of paths and the most useful, the most rational paths for humanity is mostly empty!
Matt Hammitt, I Couldn't Love You More|Mina wanted some of the kind of love Momma gave to her children, wheere love was the first and deepest thing, and the questions came later and the answers wouldn't matter much measured up against the love.
Sunday Adelaja|Having defined your purpose and mission, you need to implement the program directly concerned with your goals every day
Musawir Masood|Time may heal all wounds, but confidence once shattered may never be fully restored.
Arthur W. Pink, The Sovereignty of God|Dignity impacts the quality of your external world in your relationships, communications, and interactions.
Rick Perlstein|Christmas lights may be the loneliest thing for me, especially if you mix them up with reindeers and sleighs. I feel alone. I feel isolated. I feel I do not belong.
Gwenn Wright, Katherine's Journal|And Mother, I love her dearly, but she flies into a panic whenever I mention women’s rights. As she sees it, it will be so much more difficult to marry me off if I am not only of a weak constitution but of a progressive mind as well.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Waiting taught me, I can't have it in my way. But in God's way.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|As a writer, my job is to change your perspective, and make you think outside the box.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|In a profession, members are only partly guided by service to the public.
Lamar Waldron, The Hidden History of the JFK Assassination: the definitive account of the most controversial crime of the twentieth century|A 22-caliber bullet can travel as fast as 1,022 mph. I learned that at Quantico. However, the bullet that hit him probably traveled at 818 mph. Sound travels at 761 mph. I hear the bullet after I see the shot enter his head. But in my mind it all goes so fast that it’s just a single message.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|So Mo began filling the silence with words. He lured them out of the pages as if they had only been waiting for his voice, words long and short, words sharp and soft, cooing, purring words. They danced through the room, painting stained glass pictures, tickling the skin. Even when Meggie nodded off she could still hear them, although Mo had closed the book long ago. Words that explained the world to her, its dark side and its light side, words that built a wall to keep out bad dreams. And not a single bad dream came over that wall for the rest of the night.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Meditation takes you out of your mind and possibly into the future, negative thoughts are quicksands that keeps you glued to your past.
Marcus Samuelsson|Like all food, whether you're talking about Persian food, or Chinese food, or Swedish food, it's always a reflection of wars, trading, a bunch of good and a bunch of bad. But what's left is always the food story.
Danielle Monsch, The Rooftop: A Story of Fallon and Reign|He couldn't have the last word, not at this first meeting. "It would hurt my heart to know I didn't live up to your expectations."Reign glanced over his shoulder, his gaze locking with hers. "No," he murmured, the sound only a decibel louder than the still swirling winds. "I think I need not worry about that.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most of my failures can be ascribed to the fact that I chose that which was ‘easy’ over that which was ‘right’. And while it’s ‘right’ to admit this to myself, it isn’t ‘easy.’ So, which choice am I going to make this time?
Michael Bassey Johnson|When the devil wants to punish his worshippers, he uses the trick of karma.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Give me a bottle of hard cider, a bowl of Peterson Irish Oak in my Neerup pipe, and please, above all, give my Henry David Thoreau’s Wild Apples. Do that and you will see a man contented.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|We're almost there, Oliver said. Once again Petunia was so startled that she tripped and would have fallen is Oliver hadn't caught her around the waist and pulled her upright. "You must have been far away," he said laughing.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|... As for me, I taught the lad the real character of a rifle; and well has he paid me for it. I have fought at his side in many a bloody scrimmage; and so long as I could hear the crack of his piece in one ear, and that of the Sagamore in the other, I knew no enemy was on my back. Winters and summers, nights and days, have we roved the wilderness in company, eating of the same dish, one sleeping while the other watched; and afore it shall be said that Uncas was taken to the torment, and I at hand - There is but a single ruler of us all, whatever maybe the color of the skin, and him I call to witness - that before the Mohican boy shall perish for the want of a friend, good faith shall depart the 'arth and 'Kill-deer' become as harmless as the tooting we'pon of the singer!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Any fool can marry, but only the wise live happily ever after.
Kimberly Cutter, The Maid|Once more, I am watching the most powerful men in the kingdom bring their power to bear on a woman who has done nothing worse than live to the beat of her own heart, see with her own eyes; but this is not their tempo nor their vision and they cannot tolerate any other.
Saru Singhal|He wil sooner lose his best friend, then his least jest.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Hope is not some abstract, softheaded concept. It is an idea with an engine.
Terry Goodkind, The Third Kingdom|In the end, people believed what they wanted to believe. The truth had very little to do with it.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960|Look out!! Ha! Now you've done it! Now you've broken a lamp, and you've got no one to blame it on but yourself!""Maybe I could blame it on society!
C.G. Jung, The Essential Jung: Selected Writings|As understanding deepens, the further removed it becomes from knowledge.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are not free to pick and choose the parts of the Bible we want to believe or obey. God has given us all of it, and we should be obedient to all of it.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Family isn’t something that’s supposed to be static, or set. People marry in, divorce out. They’re born, they die. It’s always evolving, turning into something else.
Don Miguel Ruiz|I love and respect all religions and philosophies. I see how they get formed, how they grow up, and how powerful they are. But for me to believe in a specific god - no. Because what I believe is that the infinite, the absolute, is a living being and the only one living being that really exists.
Jim Walton|It was my first big relationship and it was just very abusive. I wouldn't give him the credit of naming him, if he ever reads this. But he was older, in the music business - or so he said.
Ricki Lake|My wife, she is so good. She was a famous singer - had a show in Carnegie Hall, did a big city tour for RCA. Then she made the mistake of marrying me. The next year, another tour, but the third year, she had Mario and said, 'Either I'm a mother or a singer.'
Anne Rice, The Tale of the Body Thief|The Master created humans first as the lowest type, most easily formed. Gradually, he replaced them by robots, the next higher step, and finally he created me, to take the place of the last humans.
Henry Green|The more you leave out, the more you highlight what you leave in.
Billy Collins|I have my Poetry 180 project, which I've made my main project. We encourage high schools, because that's really where, for most people, poetry dies off and gets buried under other adolescent pursuits.
Jonathan Evison|If the Resurrection is resurrection from the dead, all hope and freedom are in spite of death.
Sarah Beth Durst, Vessel|Come in, my dearFrom that harsh worldThat has rained elements of stoneUpon your tender face.Every soulShould receive a toast from usFor bravery!
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|However, the natural symbol, without our being sufficiently conscious of the fact, is identical with the reality of the world that appears to us, for every object in the natural world is at the same time a symbolic reality to us. The psyche certainly does not use an "object" of nature as a "symbol," but rather the experience of an "object" itself is always already symbolic experience. The star or tree in us is no less real and no less symbolic than it is in outward experience. For each possibility of experience either presupposes a spiritually forming, that is to say a symbolic activity, or is identical with this. That is, everything spiritual appears to us first not just in nature but as nature; or we could formulate this just as well the other way around: everything natural, whether outward or inward, appears to us as an image, that is to say as formed spirit. We are surrounded by images, inwardly and outwardly, but at the same time formed and determined in all our experiences by the natural symbol as though by a unitary natural-spiritual reality, for our psychic system only grasps that which appears to us as the real world through the world of natural symbolism.
Keelie Breanna|The weight of the world is love. Under the burden of solitude, under the burden of dissatisfaction the weight, the weight we carry is love. Who can deny? In dreams it touches the body, in thought constructs a miracle, in imagination anguishes till born in human-- looks out of the heart burning with purity-- for the burden of life is love, but we carry the weight wearily, and so must rest in the arms of love at last, must rest in the arms of love. No rest without love, no sleep without dreams of love-- be mad or chill obsessed with angels or machines, the final wish is love --cannot be bitter, cannot deny, cannot withhold if denied: the weight is too heavy --must give for no return as thought is given in solitude in all the excellence of its excess. The warm bodies shine together in the darkness, the hand moves to the center of the flesh, the skin trembles in happiness and the soul comes joyful to the eye-- yes, yes, that's what I wanted, I always wanted, I always wanted, to return to the body where I was born.
Magda Alexander, Storm Redemption|She breathes a soft sigh, and in the tried and true ways of time immemorial, she welcomes me home.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Once you know what you want, even if you can’t see it, even if you do not know how you will get it, you have to trust that it is there.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Sure, some news is bigger news than other news. War is bigger news than a girl having mixed feelings about the way some guy fucked her and didn't call. But I don't believe in a finite economy of empathy; I happen to think that paying attention yields as much as it taxes.
David Eisenhower|On the night of the winter solstice, when the dead get their annual reprieve, they go up to the 24-hour donut shop and wedding chapel to get hitched. Marriage is a good and proper pursuit for dead people. For a while, it relieves the dark, shuddering loneliness of the afterlife.
Yann Martel, The High Mountains of Portugal|We are random animals. That is who we are, and we have only ourselves, nothing more--there is no greater relationship.
Giuseppe Verdi|When they are alone they want to be with others, and when they are with others they want to be alone. After all, human beings are like that.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|In the beginning—and neither can this be overstated—a Negro just cannot believe that white people are treating him as they do; he does not know what he has done to merit it. And when he realizes that the treatment accorded him has nothing to do with anything he has done, that the attempt of white people to destroy him—for that is what it is—is utterly gratuitous, it is not hard for him to think of white people as devils.
JUVENALIUS|I was on my way to talk to Davis when the car hit me". . . . . . "A dark figure emerged from the shadows, half-lit by the glittering streetlight and the pale glow of the moon". . . . . . . "Huge black wings erupted out of her back like a blooming rose. She was beautiful." . . . . "I knew who this woman was.’Are you Death?'" . . . . . “'Most people have something holding them down to this world,' she said, 'like a tether on a balloon. It could be something material, a person, or persons, an unfinished goal. There are many reasons to want to keep living. I wonder, Juvenalius, what is yours?'I smiled just thinking about it. 'His name’s Davis.'Her hand stroked my cheek so gently I wanted to cry. 'Tell me about him,' she whispered."And Juvenalius does. And you will be transfixed as Juve's first friend comes to life in his memory in this Tale with a gay twist.
Pearl Zhu, CIO Master: Unleash the Digital Potential of It|I was sitting down hanging with the fellas them just for the girls, because really and truly this was bugging me. How could these fellas have the finest girls in the community, and they don’t work, they don’t have any money. Anytime something has to be purchased they would say, ‘Man, Scrooge, throw the blow; buy this and buy that.’So we were sitting on a car one day. They were out to a disco the night before and this fella got chopped or stabbed. I didn’t know anything about it until the fellas came around looking for KC the next day. These fellas just yuck out their guns and started busting shots, and everybody just break off running for their lives. Afterwards I mumbled to myself that these are some crazy fellas. They just came shooting for no reason. The funny thing about it is this: guns were not even that common on the streets then. We’re talking around 1987, 1988. I believe the fella who fired those shots at us, goes by the nickname Dog and he lives in the US now.I said to Ada, ‘What kind of thing this is? I mean, these fellas came and just started shooting.’ That sent a whole new way of thinking in my mind. Prior to that, I was just a person going to work, coming home, and chilling. I just happened to be sitting there one day. They didn’t know me and they didn’t care who I was. I never used to even be with KC and them. I just happened to be there that day. If I had known that those fellas were crazy like that, to come shooting at whoever they saw, I wouldn’t have been there hanging with KC and them. After that, my whole mindset changed. It was either shoot or be shot. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members.
Ruth Ozeki, All Over Creation|Life is a practice. When you 'fail,' you can immediately begin practicing again.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|And so in time the rowboat and I became one and the same-like the archer and his bow or the artist and his paint. What I learned wasn't mastery over the elements; it was mastery over myself, which is what conquest is ultimately all about.
William H. Gass, Omensetter's Luck|Some screw for science only in the afternoon, while others keep their faith with evening—here Orcutt chuckled—it's a matter of light, I understand, but which makes which I can't remember.
André Gide, Lafcadio's Adventures|If you hate, you lose who you are.
RK Vetter|To be honest about it, I didn’t even always like Sharley. Maybe that’s the way it is with friends. Maybe the liking isn’t the most essential part of being friends. Maybe it’s the sticking by. Maybe it’s the impression of yourself you get through your friend’s eyes. Or maybe it’s all the little lessons you learn.
Neil Dunlop|When someone tries to make life miserable for you, remember, they are fighting a losing battle with themselves.
Charbel Tadros|Just like a GPS, the universe sends you signs to show you the best course. If you follow the flow, you get where you want with ease and happiness. If you miss a turn, the road becomes longer and harder.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Love is a kind of killing, Addy," she says. "Don't you know that?
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|When you are pursuing your dreams, they will call you CRAZY because they are LAZY. They never know you are a HERO who just jumped away from step ZERO. Stay away from negative people; they will only pollute you.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Every thing has multiple aspects, it depend on us what we look for and How we look at it.
James Clavell|The skyScorched by the sun,WeepsFecund tears.
Sebastian Thrun|Man takes root at his feet, and at best, he is no more than a potted plant in his house or carriage till he has established communication with the soil by the loving and magnetic touch of his soles to it.
Richard Branson|Politeness and civility are the best capital ever invested in business. Large stores, gilt signs, flaming advertisements, will all prove unavailing if you or your employees treat your patrons abruptly. The truth is, the more kind and liberal a man is, the more generous will be the patronage bestowed upon him.
Josh Billings|Interestingly, simple and ordinary experiences often provide the most important learning opportunities we ever have.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|You may go over the world and you will find that every form of religion which has breathed upon this earth has degraded woman... I have been traveling over the old world during the last few years and have found new food for thought. What power is it that makes the Hindoo woman burn herself upon the funeral pyre of her husband? Her religion. What holds the Turkish woman in the harem? Her religion. By what power do the Mormons perpetuate their system of polygamy? By their religion/ Man, of himself, could not do this; but when he declares, 'Thus saith the Lord,' of course he can do it. So long as ministers stand up and tell us Christ is the head of the church, so is man the head of woman, how are we to break the chains which have held women down through the ages? You Christian women look at the Hindoo, the Turkish, the Mormon women, and wonder how they can be held in such bondage...Now I ask you if our religion teaches the dignity of woman? It teaches us the abominable idea of the sixth century--Augustine's idea--that motherhood is a curse; that woman is the author of sin, and is most corrupt. Can we ever cultivate any proper sense of self-respect as long as women take such sentiments from the mouths of the priesthood?
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|I don't expect to live forever, but I do intend to hang on as long as possible.
Scott Stabile|I love when my mind focuses on how wonderful I am and lets all the other (less generous) thoughts recede into the background. You're wonderful too, by the way. Way wonderful.
Amanda Lang, The Power Of Why: Simple Questions That Lead to Success|Instead of going back and looking at the question, people tinker with the solution, trying to make it fit."-Claude Legrande..."The consequences of failing to do that [in our personal lives] are the same as those facing businesses - even more dire, perhaps, because what's being squandered isn't just the potential for profits. It's the potential for happiness. We miss opportunities to innovate and to make positive changes in our lives when we aren't willing to question ourselves.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|I was having that dream again, the good one where we're all in heaven and never heard of Treegap.
Bob Dylan, The Bob Dylan Scrapbook: 1956-1966|DESTINY is a feeling you have that you know something about yourself nobody else does. The picture you have in your own mind of what you're about WILL COME TRUE. It's a kind of a thing you kind of have to keep to your own self, because it's a fragile feeling, and you put it out there, then someone will kill it. It's best to keep that all inside.
Dalai Lama|Someone asked me if I was afraid to write my memoirs. I told him: 'We have to stop drawing up accounts of fear! We live in a society in which people are allowed to tell their story, and that is what I do.'
Janet Evanovich, Finger Lickin' Fifteen|A friend of mine, the most innocuous dreamer who ever lived, once set a forest on fire to see, as he said, if it would catch as easily as people said. The first ten times the experiment was a failure; but on the eleventh it succeeded all too well.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|He pulled back, but only enough to lock his eyes onto mine as he held my face in his hands. “It will always be you, Cassandra,” he whispered against my lips. Then he kissed me again, much softer this time, as if gently transferring every ounce of love he had for me onto my lips. I didn’t need any words, this was all I ever needed to know that he loved me.Everything around me faded. All my worries, all my fears disappeared when he touched me. We weren’t stuck in this Hell, we weren’t even in its realm. We were in our own world, no one around to save, or to slay. God, if only we could stay here. I didn’t want to face reality, not when I had him here with me now, not after thinking I’d lost him.
Mark Cuban|At 17 years old, STG took me under its wing and shared its resources and wisdom with me, even allowing me to take part in a show at the Edinburgh Festival. Without STG and the Ramshorn Theatre, I would not have found access to the world of drama that I later made my profession.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|No other art can compare with cinema in the force, precision, and starkness with which it conveys awareness of facts and aesthetic structures existing and changing within time.
Agatha Christie, The Seven Dials Mystery|The scientist is not responsible for the laws of nature. It is his job to find out how these laws operate. It is the scientist’s job to find the ways in which these laws can serve the human will. However, it is not the scientist’s job to determine whether a hydrogen bomb should be constructed, whether it should be used, or how it should be used. This responsibility rests with the American people and with their chosen representatives.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|Lifelong pain, an unwanted pregnancy, and even death may be the reward for such a brief window of pleasure. What a foolish gamble!
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|My hair smells of oceanic windMy eyes are two starfishThe charming, turquoise seais seducing meThe rhythms of the calmingCrashing waves are my guide Omnipotent, almost holy,They seek to cleanse my polluted soulHere, by the seductive sea,I am unshackled. I am free.I am me.
A.E. Samaan|The central planners of Democratic Socialism tighten their noose when people resist their plans and assert their rights. All Socialism is intended to devolve into Communism, and as a result, Totalitarianism.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|As I got closer to the fence, I held my shirt over my nose to block the smell. One stallion waded through the muck and whinnied angrily at me. He bared his teeth, which were pointed like a bear's.I tried to talk to him in my mind. I can do that with most horses.I'm going to clean your stables. Won't that be great?Come inside! Eat you! Tasty half-blood!Usually this gets me VIP treatment in the equestrian world, not this time.Poseidon can come in, too! We will eat you both! Seafood! The other horses chimed in as they waded through the field.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Not all can believe anything they want to, because not all have the ability to believe.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Writers begin with a grain of sand, and then create a beach.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Do what other successful people are doing, that is how you can be brilliant.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|A smile is hidden beneath the mustache, it crinkles the corners of his hooded eyes. “I didn’t. I have other business in town and I told my friend I would attend to the matter of his son, as he could not do so himself.”	“Very kind of you.”	“Yes. I have been looking forward to it for quite some time.”	Daddy’s lemonade is almost gone, he sips it carefully, turning his eyes back to the water. “Looking forward to seeing the lad or to conducting your business?” Daddy is toying with him. 	“Both. You see, I had never actually met his son.” The glass rests against Daddy’s lips, unmoving. Mr. Geyer watches him closely. “But now I have, so I can get on with my,” he fixes his own gaze on the water, as though trying to see whatever it is that has transfixed my father, “business.
Radhanath Swami|The irony of environmental opposition to the Keystone XL project is that stopping the pipeline to the U.S. will not stop production in the oil sands of Canada. Instead of coming to the United States, the oil will still be produced and shipped by rail or a pipeline similar to the Keystone XL to Canada's Pacific Coast.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|I barely noticed loneliness anymore; it was my normal condition, by necessity if not by nature.
Maeve Binchy|Gay rights is just a matter of time. Look at the polls. Worrying about gay marriage, let alone gay civil unions or gay employment rights, is a middle-age issue. Young people just can't see the problem. At worst, gays are going to win this one just by waiting until the opposition dies off.
Nikki Rowe|The length of our lives are far shorter then we realise and half of the time when we become aware of such truth, we have lived most of it as someone else.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Matthew White, a self-described atrocitologist who keeps a database with the estimated death tolls of history’s major wars, massacres, and genocides, counts about 1.2 million deaths from mass killing that are specifically enumerated in the Bible. (He excludes the half million casualties in the war between Judah and Israel described in 2 Chronicles 13 because he considers
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you pray, you purify your heart.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Be realistic with your expectations. I'd really like to cuddle a unicorn, but it aint going to happen.
Periel Aschenbrand, On My Knees: A Memoir|I understood and agreed that from a feminist perspective working in a strip club was extremely problematic, but I was saving money to travel and making more in one night than most of my friends made in a week. Plus, it was interesting.
merlin8thomas|EVERYONE NEED EDUCATION,ITS THE NEED OF A NATION,IN IT IS FUTURE'S FOUNDATION,IT LEADS TO HEARTS ASPIRATION,AND TOMORROWS INSPIRATION.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|Entirely in accordance with what education is supposed to be. Education is the sum of what students teach each other in between lectures and seminars. You sit in each other's rooms and drink coffee - I suppose it would be vodka and Red Bull now - you share enthusiasms, you talk a lot of wank about politics, religion, art and the cosmos and then you go to bed, alone or together according to taste. I mean, how else do you learn anything, how else do you take your mind for a walk?
Srividya Srinivasan|Our mother died when I was two, so I never felt her absence. She was a Graham from Montgomery; Atticus met her when he was first elected to the state legislature. He was middle-aged then, she was fifteen years his junior. Jem was the product of their first year of marriage; four years later I was born, and two years later our mother died from a sudden heart attack. They said it ran in her family. I did not miss her, but I think Jem did. He remembered her clearly, and sometimes in the middle of a game he would sigh at length, then go off and play by himself behind the car-house. When he was like that, I knew better than to bother him.
Brad Feld|The assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. made me very, very sad, and I mourned and I cried like many of our citizens did.
Anna Godbersen, Bright Young Things|It is easy to forget now, how effervescent and free we all felt that summer.
Erin Kellison, Delirium|Ray snorted. "Yeah, the air right around where the boat was parked is absolutely full of shit. Like the devil blew his nose all over it.""That's a pretty picture, Ray.
Kate Southwood, Falling to Earth|The only person I compete with is Satan. If that happens to be you, then could you please move out of the way? You’re standing in Christ’s spot.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|A bad song for a night such as this, mayhap, but her heart went its own way without much interest in what her head thought or wanted; always had.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|You are part of my existence, part of myself. You have been in every line I have ever read since I first came here, the rough common boy whose poor heart you wounded even then. You have been in every prospect I have ever seen since--on the river, on the sails of the ships, on the marshes, in the clouds, in the light, in the darkness, in the wind, in the woods, in the sea, in the streets. You have been the embodiment of every graceful fancy that my mind has ever become acquainted with. The stones of which the strongest London buildings are made, are not more real, or more impossible to be displaced by your hands, than your presence and influence have been to me, there and everywhere will be. Estella, to the last hour of my life, you cannot choose but remain part of my character, part of the little good in me, part of the evil. But, in this separation I associate you only with the good, and I will faithfully hold you to that always, for you must have done me far more good than harm, let me feel now what sharp distress I may. O God Bless you, God forgive you!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Indeed the mind of Ilúvatar concerning you is not known to the Valar, and he has not revealed all things that are to come. But this we hold to be true, that your home is not here, neither in the land of Aman nor anywhere within the Circles of the World. And the Doom of Men, that they should depart, was at first a gift of Ilúvatar. It became a grief to them only because coming under the shadow of Morgoth it seemed to them that they were surrounded by a great darkness, of which they grew afraid; and some grew wilful and proud and would not yield, until life was reft from them.
Jim Butcher, Captain's Fury|Family is the theatre of the spiritual drama, the place where things happen, especially the things that matter.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|The night was blustery and raw, with a chill wet wind blowing down the avenues, and when Rose and I met Françoise and her son and a friend at La Lorraine, a glittering brassiere not far from L'Étoile, rain was descending from the heavens in torrents. Someone in the group, sensing my state of mind, apologized for the evil night, but I recall thinking that even if this were one of those warmly scented and passionate evenings for which Paris is celebrated I would respond like the zombie I had become. The weather of depression is unmodulated, its light a brownout.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|In medieval times, contrary to popular belief, most knights were bandits, mercenaries, lawless brigands, skinners, highwaymen, and thieves. The supposed chivalry of Charlemagne and Roland had as much to do with the majority of medieval knights as the historical Jesus with the temporal riches and hypocrisy of the Catholic Church, or any church for that matter. Generally accompanied by their immoral entourage or servants, priests, and whores, they went from tourney to tourney like a touring rock and roll band, sports team, or gang of South Sea pirates. Court to court, skirmish to skirmish, rape to rape. Fighting as the noble's substitution for work.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|No body wishes more than I do to see such proofs as you exhibit, that nature has given to our black brethren, talents equal to those of the other colors of men, and that the appearance of a want of them is owing merely to the degraded condition of their existence, both in Africa & America.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|As I think of myself, so I shall be.
Romesh Gunesekera|The tall building, concentrating man in one place more densely than ever before, similarly concentrates the dilemma of our public architecture at the end of the twentieth century: whether the new forms made possible by technology are doomed by the low calculations of modern patrons and their architects.
S.L. Naeole, Bird Song|The gospel of grace nullifies our adulation of televangelists, charismatic superstars, and local church heroes. It obliterates the two-class citizenship theory operative in many American churches. For grace proclaims the awesome truth that all is gift. All that is good is ours, not by right, but by the sheer bounty of a gracious God.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Then the vulture swooped down and away, racing the LeTort spring to the Conodoguinet Creek from there to the Susquehanna river and from there to the sea. Same river my ancestors took to reach the places where they hunted and farmed and buried their dead.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych And Other Stories|In actuality, it was like the homes of all people who are not really rich but who want to look rich, and therefore end up looking like one another: it had damasks, ebony, plants, carpets, and bronzes, everything dark and gleaming—all the effects a certain class of people produce so as to look like people of a certain class. And his place looked so much like the others that it would never have been noticed, though it all seemed quite exceptional to him.
R. Alan Woods|Although there are several 'schools of thought' relating to why God allows mental, emotional, and physical afflictions, it essentially remains a mystery"~ R. Alan Woods [2012]
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|I suppose it doesn't matter what form love takes, maybe you just need to take it when it comes.
Alexandra Potter, Do You Come Here Often?|Being single isn't a terminal disease.""Try telling that to my mother.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Alice, it took big, dumb Talon Dodo thirty seconds to get you so pissed about a poker hand pun that you were about to beat him to death with your cane.
Nancy Oliver|But it's like no matter how much energy you pour into getting to the station on time, or getting on the right train, there's still no guarantee that anybody's gonna be there for you to pick you up when you get there.
Dada Bhagwan|Only those with whom you have bound karmic accounts, in the past life, will be able to live with you together.
Natasha Farrant, The Secret Diary of Lydia Bennet|Do not be afraid of books, Miss Bennet. Simply treat them with the respect they deserve, and you will be richly rewarded. You do not have to be clever or rich or have attended celebrated schools or universities in order to appreciate them. It is enough simply to have an open and receptive mind-- and sometimes, it is true, a little perseverance. But you must not be afraid, Miss Bennett, for books do not judge you.
Lauren Kate, Rapture|There is no dark, darker than the distorted great light.
Tracee Ellis Ross|I don't really talk about my personal life. It's a strange and funny and weird thing. Sometimes you have a conversation with someone and the paparazzi snaps a picture of you and people decide you're dating. If I try to answer everything people say, I would be up all night.
Agatha Christie, Death on the Nile|Take the Pyramids. Great blocks of useless masonry, put up to minister to the egoism of a despotic bloated king. Think of the sweated masses who toiled to build them and died doing it. It makes me sick to think of the suffering and torture they represent."Mrs. Allerton said cheerfully: "You’d rather have no Pyramids, no Parthenon, no beautiful tombs or temples—just the solid satisfaction of knowing that people got three meals a day and died in their beds."The young man directed his scowl in her direction. "I think human beings matter more than stones.
Ronald Reagan|Flowers are an easy, eloquent expression of love at a time when words can seem clumsy and inadequate.
Elle Kennedy, Claimed|Freedom was a drug, one that grabbed hold of you the second it entered your bloodstream. It made you giddy and reckless if you didn’t know how to channel it. 
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Stop letting unnecessary thoughts feed your mind. It's nugatory. Focus on your long-time goals and maximize your 86,400 seconds today.
Amy Tan|A-POC unleashes the freedom of imagination. It's for people who are curious, who have inner energy - the energy of life and living.
Epicurus, The Epicurus Reader: Selected Writings and Testimonia|Don't fear the gods,Don't worry about death;What is good is easy to get, andWhat is terrible is easy to endure.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|In times of war, the law falls s
Unknown|And when he broke, it was a miracle he managed to find all the pieces of himself again.
Stephen LaBerge|Our theme for this year's festivities, Dreams and Challenges of Asian Pacific Americans, speaks to the many generations of Asian Pacific Americans who worked hard to overcome economic hardship, racism and other barriers in their pursuit of the American dream.
Tony McCoy|We always try to reinterpret sport in an innovative, fashionable way, and when we do fashion, we're always trying to bring our sports heritage into the fashion world.
C.K. Webb|The Church has little idea how unorthodox it is at any given moment. If a church can't yet be perfectly orthodox, it can, with the Holy Spirit's help and by the grace of God, be perpetually reformable.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|It was strange to see the keenness with which men had tried to order, constrain, and systematize human passions, jealousy, rage, violent death, accusations. That was the justice system (...): the absurd pretension that human nature could be dominated by the power of the law. Reducing it all to a summary of a few pages, organizing the facts, judging it, archiving it, and forgetting it. That simple. And yet in the silence of that place you could hear the murmur of the written words, of the key players, the screams of the victims, the hatred never forgotten by either party, the pain that never went away.
Deepanshu Saini, By The Mountains :: Love Reloaded|In times of your need, you will know those who really love you.
David Stern|It's true, some senior Hungarian writers are not known for their laughter. There is a strong Germanic influence - an attitude that if it's enjoyable it can't possibly be literature.
Patrick Ness|You democratize heroism. Everybody is a hero, and simply for doing (and often not well at that) the ordinary tasks of living as a half-decent person. Does your mother fix you breakfast? She is a hero. Does your father visit you every weekend without fail? A hero. Does your teacher mark your papers faithfully when you make a mistake? Unexampled heroism, that. If everyone is a hero, then no one is a hero; and genuine heroes will go unnoticed in all the mindless self-congratulation.
St. Ephrem of Syria|Virtues are formed by prayer.Prayer preserves temperance. Prayer suppresses anger. Prayer prevents emotions of pride and envy.Prayer draws into the soul the Holy Spirit, and raises man to Heaven.
Aldous Huxley|The public weal requires that men should betray, and lie, and massacre.
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|...but it was just her mind playing cruel tricks, and she tried to push away the irrational thought that Richard was still in there, waiting for someone to save his life.
Charlotte Brontë|If for instance the sentiment possessing for the moment the empire of our mind is sorrow, will not the genius sharpen the sorrow and the sorrow purify the genius? Together, will they not be like a cut diamond for which language is only the wax on which they stamp their imprint? I believe that genius, thus awakened, has no need to seek out details, that it scarcely pauses to reflect, that it never thinks of unity: I believe that the details come naturally without search by the poet, that inspiration takes the place of reflection and as for unity, I think there is no unity so perfect as that which results from a heart filled with a single idea...The nature of genius is related to that of instinct; it's operation is both simple and marvelous.
Abhijit Naskar|Plagiarism has been around far longer than the Internet. In fact, I had a poem published in 'Seventeen' magazine when I was 15 years old. About a year later I was informed that there was a girl who used that same poem to win a statewide poetry competition in Alabama. It took months for people to put together that this had happened.
William Lane Craig|We are not immune to the lure of wonder and mystery and awe: we have music and art and literature, and find that the serious ethical dilemmas are better handled by Shakespeare and Tolstoy and Schiller and Dostoyevsky and George Eliot than in the mythical morality tales of the holy books.
Daniel Ek|For much of this decade, both Congressional and administration budget projections showed a decline in science and technology accounts of between 20 and 30 percent in real dollars. The real impact to date has been far less severe.
Katherine Fleet, The Secret to Letting Go|When all you wanted was to be wanted, you wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The day we find the perfect church, it becomes imperfect the moment we join it.
Casey Stengel|You hit a certain age and - especially because of TV - the young cooks coming up say, 'You're a sellout, because you're doing something other than what you should be doing.' 'Top Chef' is a double-edged sword for me: There's a whole group of people who will not come to the restaurants because they assume I'm not in them anymore, all I do is TV.
Brey King, My Heart, My Kingdom's Prince|If that’s what you want, I’ll give that to you. However, I need you to know that my heart, my mind and my soul belong to you. No one else can touch them like you because you and I both know that we are mates.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|Well, the heart always holds out hope that the mind knows may not likely be met.
William Carlos Williams|Being the reader of a dark fairy tale is much like being the hero of one. Our lives are filled with pain, boredom, and fear. We want to venture into the dark wood, to see the oddities and the beauties it holds, and to test ourselves against them. So we pick up a book of fairy tales. The real ones. THe weird ones. The dark ones. We see oddities and beauties galore. We test our courage and our understanding. Finally, we put the book down and return to our lives. And hopefully, just like the hero of the fairy tale, we return stronger, richer, and wiser. In difficult times - of recession and violence and political bitterness - we long for a dark forest to which we can escape; and from which we can return, better than we were before.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Whatever the misery, he could not regain contentment with a world which, once doubted, became absurd.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Alternatively, anyone who favors Intelligent Design in lieu of evolution might pause to wonder why God devoted so much of His intelligence to designing malarial parasites.
Mike Birbiglia, Sleepwalk with Me|We are all powerless to heal ourselves. Research shows that self-help statements have been found to be ineffective and even harmful by making some people with low self-esteem feel even worse about themselves in the long term.39 As a matter of fact, positive self-statements frequently end up reinforcing and strengthening one’s original negative self-perception they were trying to change.40
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|It was there, in particular, that I confirmed the truth that love, which we cry up as the source of our pleasures, is nothing more than an excuse for them.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|People who care nothing for their country's stories and songs,' he said, 'are like people without a past- without a memory- they are half people
Andrew Elfenbein, Romanticism and the Rise of English|He was a man of most subtle and refined intellect. A man of culture, charm, and distinction. One of the most intellectual men I ever met.""I prefer a gentlemanly fool any day. There is more to be said for stupidity than people imagine. Personally I have a great admiration for stupidity. It is a sort of fellow-feeling, I suppose.
Paul Dix|for the service in spec/service_spec.rb, you add another describe block:
Israelmore Ayivor|Do what you want to do in life and you will see what life will do to you on earth. What you always do, pays what it always pays!
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|As far as now, as far as I think everyone deserv a chance. No matter who is he and who was he.
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|Silence is not empty or immaterial, and it is not needed to chain tame things. It often guards powers strong enough to shatter everything.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, How To Understand And Live Your Faith|The moral of the story is, faith does not always bring you happiness, wealth or a comfortable lifestyle filled with fun things to do. What faith does bring us is hope while living out God's attitudes of: love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control, all for the glory of God and the establishment of his kingdom.
Alice  Miller|If you carry a sword, you obey the sword, not the other way round. Nobody can hold a weapon and keep their hands clear of blood at the same time.
Adrienne Rich|As for me, I prefer truth to goodthink. I feel surer on my ground.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|I overreacted to praise, signing an autograph. I'd write a check to buy it back.
Charles Eames|Yes'm, old friends is always best, 'less you can catch a new one that's fit to make an old one out of.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|It's little got to do with anybody, just the energies we create.
Anne Stuart, Cold As Ice|After the dedication, Eleanor saw Bernard privately, probably at her own request. He came prepared to offer more spiritual comfort, thinking that she too might be suffering qualms of conscience over Vitry, but he was surprised to learn that she was not. Nevertheless, several matters were indeed troubling her, not the least the problems of her sister. She asked him to use his influence with the Pope to have the excommunication on Raoul and Petronilla lifted and their marriage recognised by the Church. In return, she would persuade Louis to make peace with Theobald of Champagne and recognise Pierre de la Chatre as Archbishop of Bourges.  Bernard was appalled at her brazen candour. In his opinion, these affairs were no business of a twenty-two-year-old woman. He was, in fact, terrified of women and their possible effects on him. An adolescent, first experiencing physical desire for a young girl, he had been so filled with self-disgust that he had jumped into a freezing cold pond & remained there until his erection subsided. He strongly disapproved of his sister, who had married a rich man; because she enjoyed her wealth, he thought of her as a whore, spawned by Satan to lure her husband from the paths of righteousness, and refused to have anything to do with her. Nor would he allow his monks any contact with their female relatives.  Now there stood before him the young, worldly, and disturbingly beautiful Queen of France, intent upon meddling in matters that were not her concern. Bernard's worst suspicions were confirmed: here, beyond doubt, was the source of that "Counsel of the Devil" that had urged the King on to disaster and plunged him into sin and guilt. His immediate reaction was to admonish Eleanor severely.
Elizabeth Lesser|Adversity is a natural part of being human. It is the height of arrogance to prescribe a moral code or health regime or spiritual practice as an amulet to keep things from falling apart. Things do fall apart. It is in their nature to do so. When we try to protect ourselves from the inevitability of change, we are not listening to the soul. We are listening to our fear of life and death, our lack of faith, our smaller ego's will to prevail. To listen to your soul is to stop fighting with life--to stop fighting when things fall apart; when they don't go our away, when we get sick, when we are betrayed or mistreated or misunderstood. To listen to the soul is to slow down, to feel deeply, to see ourselves clearly, to surrender to discomfort and uncertainty and to wait.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I know I’m not supposed to say this,” he said. “But I think I love you more than ever.”I took his hand and tried not to think about how happy his words made me.
Ayn Rand, For the New Intellectual: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand|To love is to value. Only a rationally selfish man, a man of self-esteem, is capable of love—because he is the only man capable of holding firm, consistent, uncompromising, unbetrayed values. The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|There are things in life that science will never be able to see. We have to rely on what has been passed from our ancestors, generation to generation.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|A friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away, a friend is someone you use over and over again.
Nikki Glaser|The thrill of performing - that's something that hasn't changed for me. That simultaneous joy of creating something and sharing it with an audience - it's the same now as it was then, when it was just my cousins' birthday party.
James Yeager|Those who can, do; those who can't, teach; those who can't teach, police grammar on the Internet.
Christina Engela, The Pink Community - The Facts|Rise of Science DenialismThe problem is, in a world where some people (even in the USA, where someone like Donald Trump was allowed to rise to the level of a serious presidential candidate in 2016) have descended to such levels of ignorance that science itself is dismissed by leaders, political and religious as ‘an agenda’, and frightening numbers of people cling to ignorance and superstition because it suits their conservative anti-human rights views and objectives.
Ralph Lauren|I think women of our generation went through Cultural Revolution, went through hardship, coming from nowhere, and suddenly see China's amazing opportunity. So women just seized the opportunity.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|Discernment is the son of good judgment and the father of self-control. When mixed with an already clear conscience, the ability to read the true motives of a critic keeps one's conscience both clear and at ease.
Erma Bombeck|We've got a generation now who were born with semiequality. They don't know how it was before, so they think, this isn't too bad. We're working. We have our attache' cases and our three piece suits. I get very disgusted with the younger generation of women. We had a torch to pass, and they are just sitting there. They don't realize it can be taken away. Things are going to have to get worse before they join in fighting the battle.
Leon Trotsky, Diary in Exile, 1935|Life is not an easy matter…. You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|Women are already born so far ahead ability-wise. The day men can give birth, that's when we can start talking about equal rights.
Vaun Murphrey|Come on," I say, "let's go be star-crossed lovers and court disaster.
Bonnie Hunt|The ISI is above all a paramilitary organization. It doesn't do all that much collection of intelligence. It's not a very good spy agency, but it's good at running covert action.
Edith Wharton|My eyes still swelled with tears, but my heart was dancing the lazgi.
Jay     Long|Your rebel soul shines like a diamond pulled from dust: bright, clear and flawless.
Mary G. Thompson, Escape from the Pipe Men!|Three lights should be fine." - Zachary"Aye, well if it wis me, I'd want a bloody lighthoose beacon comin' oot o' my arse." - True MacDonald
Erica Jong, Fear of Fifty: A Midlife Memoir|Naomi Wolf dares to explode the myth of 'victim feminism' and pleads for allowing women to be as full of good and bad desires as men, as avid for sexual fulfilment and power as men, but held back by the twin myths of good-girlism and sentimental sisterhood. Though she is perhaps too sanguine about women quickly overcoming their fear of power, Wolf fills me with hope because I see her analysis as having shattered the false categories that imprisoned my generation. Women do not have to agree about everything to join in alliance with each other to promote female power. Women do not have to cast out their inner bad girl to assert their right to power. Women do not have to cast out their sexuality to be 'good sisters'.
John D. Rockefeller|I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.
viral panchal|B E H A V I O U R is Sometimes greater than knowledge, because in Life there are many situations where knowledge fails..but ..Behaviour can handle E V E R Y T H I N G.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|A soul that knows it is loved but does not itself love betrays its sediment: what is at bottom comes up."―Epigrams and Interludes, Section 79
Benjamin Hoff, The Tao of Pooh|The Christmas presents once opened are Not So Much Fun as they were while we were in the process of examining, lifting, shaking, thinking about, and opening them. Three hundred sixty-five days later, we try again and find that the same thing has happened. Each time the goal is reached, it becomes Not So Much Fun, and we're off to reach the next one, then the next one, then the next.That doesn't mean that the goals we have don't count. They do, mostly because they cause us to go through the process and it's the process that makes us wise, happy, or whatever. If we do things in the wrong sort of way, it makes us miserable, angry, confused, and things like that. The goal has to be right for us, and it has to be beneficial, in order to ensure a beneficial process. But aside from that, it's really the process that's important.
Scott Stabile|If you want to change someone, start and end with yourself. You're all you've got control over.yes, other people can change.no, you can’t change other people.
Randy Hultgren|I've made some films for the military that are teaching things like cultural awareness and leadership issues, that sort of stuff. And try to, in essence, look at what training they're doing and say, 'This is how you can improve the training from a humanistic point of view.'
Octavia E. Butler, Fledgling|Let them see that you trust them & let them solve their own problems, make their own decisions.Do that & they will commit their lives to you. Bully the, control them out of fear or malice or just for your own convenience, & after a while you'll have to spend all your time thinking for them, controlling them, & stifling their resentment.
Christine de Pizan, The Selected Writings|For this reason, it is well said that misfortune is sometimes good for something, for it teaches at the same time that it hurts.
T.S. Eliot|Till Human voices wake us, and we drown.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Line of Beauty|If one evil thought, if one evil word, if one evil action, deserves eternal damnation, how many hells, my friends, do every one of us deserve, whose whole lives have been one continued rebellion against God!
Israelmore Ayivor|If you don't have a goal, you will score zero even if you run with the fastest speed.
Sunday Adelaja|Each and every one of us was created to carry out justice, judgment, truth and equity on the earth. It could be in different spheres of life, in various professions or in diverse gifting. But the mandate is clear, his nature must be reflected on the earth. If he is a God of justice, people must see his justice on earth. If he is a God of sound judgment, that sound mind must be revealed in people who identify themselves with him on daily basis. If God is truth, that truth must reign supreme on the earth even as he reigns over the universe. If fairness, impartiality, equity, are his essence, that should become dominant in any society
John Pontius, Visions of Glory: One Man's Astonishing Account of the Last Days|The joy of seeing another person in pain, frustrated or angry is a delicacy only for the most wicked.
Abe Gubegna|If we push on, we begin to feel a vague, tingling sense of who, or what, we really are. It's a powerful feeling, strong enough to have us coming back for more, again and again.
?????????????????|When life puts you in tough situations, don’t say “why me”, say “try me
Michelle Rabe, Cast in Blood|It’s Big Brother with werewolves. Live coverage for a month, leading up to a group kill on full moon.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel; Clockwork Prince; Clockwork Princess|Why, when people are leaving their partners because they're having an affair with someone else, do they think it will seem better to pretend there is no one else involved? Do they think it will be less hurtful for their partners to think they just walked out because they couldn't stand them any more and then had the good fortune to meet some tall Omar Sharif-figure with a gentleman's handbag two weeks afterwards while the ex-partner is spending his evenings bursting into tears at the sight of the toothbrush mug? It's like those people who invent a lie as an excuse rather than the truth, even when the truth is better than the lie.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you can believe in your dreams, you will find the strength to chase them.
Hiromu Arakawa|It's a cruel and random world, but the chaos is all so beautiful.
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|Then it was silent. Heavy now, not the sleepy silence of before. The kind of silence that meant horrifying things.
Vicki Courtney, Ever After: Life Lessons Learned in My Castle of Chaos|If you really want to understand a man, don't just listen to what he says but watch what he does.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|Secularity is a way of being dependent on the responses of our milieu. The secular or false self is the self which is fabricated, as Thomas Merton says, by social compulsions. 'Compulsive' is indeed the best adjective for the false self. It points to the need for ongoing and increasing affirmation. Who am I? I am the one who is liked, praised, admired, disliked, hated or despised. Whether I am a pianist, a businessman or a minister, what matters is how I am perceived by my world. If being busy is a good thing, then I must be busy. If having money is a sign of real freedom, then I must claim my money. If knowing many people proves my importance, I will have to make the necessary contacts. The compulsion manifests itself in the lurking fear of failure and the steady urge to prevent this by gathering more of the same - more work, more money, more friends.
Anthony Liccione|Annoying people is something of a talent of mine. I gave it up for a while, but lately it's started to come back to me.
Alexander Graham Bell|My high school English teacher in junior year, Dr. Robert Parsons, assigned us some Poe stories, including 'The Black Cat' and 'The Purloined Letter.' Being an animal person, I had trouble with 'The Black Cat!' I got hooked instead by 'The Purloined Letter,' a Poe story with detective C. Auguste Dupin.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|At that moment a solitary violin struck up. But the music was not dance music; it was more like a song - a solemn, sweet song. (I know now that it was Beethoven's Romance in F.) I listened, and suddenly it was as if the fog that surrounded me had been penetrated, as if I were being spoken to.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Oh, [god] can hear you just fine. He hears everything. Every scream. Every cry. Every whimper. Every plea for mercy. For death. He hears. He just doesn't give a fuck.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You flesh bodies are so obsessed with goodness, yet no other form of life on earth is capable of such cruelty. You need only convince yourselves your transgressions serve some 'purpose.' Even if it is only greed, or lust, or the raw desire for power that drives you. You will spill the blood of your kinsmen, lay waste to the earth itself, wreak havoc, and cause unspeakable suffering---any and all sins are justified, as long as they are a means to your precous, righteous 'purpose'.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Although an act of help done timely, might be small in nature, it is truly larger than the world itself.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Eating with the fullest pleasure - pleasure, that is, that does not depend on ignorance - is perhaps the profoundest enactment of our connection with the world. In this pleasure we experience our dependence and our gratitude, for we are living in a mystery, from creatures we did not make and powers we cannot comprehend.
Kailin Gow, The PULSE Papers|In tombs of gold and lapis lazuliBodies of holy men and women exudeMiraculous oil, odour of violet.But under heavy loads of trampled clayLie bodies of the vampires full of blood;Their shrouds are bloody and their lips are wet("Oil and Blood")
Tim Wu, The Master Switch: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires|Nothing, save the hangman's noose, concentrates the mind like piles of cash.
Danielle Trussoni, Angelology|Be careful who you choose for an enemy because that is who you become most like, Anna tosses Nietzsche's quote up into the air. She serves up words she has heard me say in the past.
John Brunner, The Shockwave Rider|There are two kinds of fools. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.
Susan Trott, The Holy Man|We can't escape history, anymore than we can recapture it." Master Kai
Heather Schuck, The Working Mom Manifesto|Such a mysterious business, motherhood. How brave a woman must be to embark on it.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|First find a path, and a little light to see by. Then push up your sleeves and start helping.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|What was the future? The future was a solid wall, not promising, not threatening - all bunk. No guarantees of anything, not even the guarantee that life isn't one big joke.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|Her eyes fluttered open. She was lying in Sylvain's lap, his arms tight around her. She reached up and touched his face wonderingly."Why are you crying?" she whispered.He didn't answer. Instead he rocked her like a baby, his face in her hair. Listening to her breathe.
David Rains Wallace, The Untamed Garden and Other Personal Essays|Land and water are not really separate things, but they are separate words, and we perceive through words.
Adam Burch, Song of Edmon|Why do you hate me so much?To be honest, I don't know why,but I really hate to feel this way.
Hector Berlioz|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students."]
Caitlin Moran|Hundreds of people began to care in a personal way about the suffering of farm workers because they care about you and learned that you were willing to go to jail with striking farm workers,” Chris wrote the delegates from the Jesuit spirituality conference. He apologized profusely for having misled them into thinking they would be out in a few days. But no one complained. They told Chris the two weeks ranked among the most moving times of their lives. The gripes came from those who had opted for the picket line that obeyed the injunctions. They had been forced to make the decision too fast, they grumbled to Chris.Chris saw the saga as a modern parable, and he loved to tell the story: The people who played it safe, unwilling to risk arrest, ended up feeling cheated and angry. Those willing to sacrifice emerged from the ordeal enriched, certain that the experience had changed their lives.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty… I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life. I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|Traditional angling is a mindset. So,have you set your mind?
Molly Ringwald|My guiding principles in life are to be honest, genuine, thoughtful and caring.
Charles Solomon, Tale as Old as Time: The Art and Making of Beauty and the Beast|By engaging with film illusions both actively and passively – as I attempt to do in this book – we strengthen the capacity of our minds to reason, imagine and think through ideas in a way unrestrained by some static conception of objective Truth. In so doing, the nihilistic gap existing between the real world and the whole variety of film worlds perhaps widens, but it also serves to offer a free, open space into which our interpretations may spill, mingle and propagate in uninhibited, nihilistic liberty.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|it appears various ancient Mystics had a hard time explainingwith their archaic languages lacking the words for detailing“the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost”the Trinity concept being misunderstood by a good hostthe Father is the immutable unmoving Godheadfrom whence the Holy Ghost flows to all widespreadthe Son, a physical expression in those whose self is deadGod can't be received fully if the “me” occupies spacethe sense of individual selfhood disappears without a tracethe higher nature of God is formless unmanifestedfrom it, this changing world of form is emanatedeverything is God, in God, all-inclusively unendingungraspable by brain-mind and its inferior comprehendingpeople wonder, “okay, but what created God?”contemplate “Eternal” or “Infinite” to see the query flawedAll is the Mind of God without exceptionincluding your Mind prior to conceptionformless No-Thing, yet Infinitely Everythingyet both, yet neither, for it's beyond expounding
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Even people whose lives have been made various by learning sometimes find it hard to keep a fast hold on their habitual views of life, on their faith in the Invisible - nay, on the sense that their past joys and sorrows are a real experience, when they are suddenly transported to a new land, where the beings around them know nothing of their history, and share none of their ideas - where their mother earth shows another lap, and human life has other forms than those on which their souls have been nourished. Minds that have been unhinged from their old faith and love have perhaps sought this Lethean influence of exile in which the past becomes dreamy because its symbols have all vanished, and the present too is dreamy because it is linked with no memories.
Aysha Taryam|For every Aruna story we hear there are hundreds of thousands that will never be heard, swept under the great rug of shame societies have so eloquently woven. It is up to us to speak up, to lift this heavy rug and reveal the ugliness it conceals.
John Christopher, The Pool of Fire|When I feel angry, I want to say something mean, or yell, or hit. But feeling like I want to is not the same as doing it. Feeling can't hurt anyone or get me into trouble, but doing can." (Bunny from picture book)
Adam Phillips, Missing Out: In Praise of the Unlived Life|Falling in love, finding your passion, are attempts to locate, to picture, to represent what you unconsciously feel frustrated about, and by.
Juan Miguel Sevilla|It's funny how love can fit inside a brown cardboard box. With relationships, people often think that things pile up. But when it ends, they're surprised how few these things turn out to be. Or at least, how few things they are willing to let go of.
Latika Teotia|More often than not we forget to give time to ourselves; we are so caught up in our daily lives that we ignore our wants, desires and wishes. Don’t lose your identity in this busy world; don’t give false promises to yourself saying that you will live it up once you have reached a certain level. Don’t put your career ahead of yourself otherwise you will either break down or burn out. Take time off for yourself and the right time to do that is NOW. Self care is just as important, if not more, as your career goals. You can do justice to your daily life, your career, your ambitions and your dreams provided you are well and alive. So now on create the ME time, nourish your soul and make self care your main concern.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|The girls took into their own hands decisions better left to God. They became too powerful to live among us, too self-concerned, too visionary, too blind.
Lori Lesko|He didn't know that sometimes, the most awesome and complicated thing you can do is just stick around.
Jonathan Gottschall, The Storytelling Animal: How Stories Make Us Human|Commentators frequently blame MMORPGs for an increasing sense of isolation in modern life. But virtual worlds are less a cause of that isolation than a response to it. Virtual worlds give back what has been scooped out of modern life. The virtual world is in important ways more authentically human than the real world. It gives us back community, a feeling of competence, and a sense of being an important person whom people depend on.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|She tied him a fly, using a pattern she’d designed, one that had given her untold luck with those silvery fish, those fighting steelhead. She was anxious for his return. “Does it have a name?” he said, when she gave it to him. “The Predator.” She smiled. A little embarrassed. His eyes turned dark, and her heart beat faster. His voice dipped low. “It’s a fine name.” He regarded her for several heavy, silent beats. She felt an atavistic pull, the hairs on her arms rising toward him, as if in electrical attraction. He leaned closer and her mouth turned dry. And he told her about the wild blueberries. Down by the bend in the river. She took the lure. She went in search of the berries. She never came home.
Debasish Mridha|The awakening is finally realizing that you are a part of God, like a single cell that finally sees it is a part of you.
Deyth Banger|I hate him, too," she shivered. "I hate his damned suffering.
Toni Sorenson|It was the greatest, most intricate, most ingenious and most costly rescue mission in all of human history.
Saaif Alam|As I've always said to Talyn, tough times never last. But tough Andarions. I learned that from watching you as a boy. Your parents, grandparents, and Keris treated you like shit and yet you never once spoke against them. You'd just lift your chin and carry on. 'Barking dogs don't bother me,' you used to say. 'Sooner or later, they reach the end of their yard and hit a fence. I'll keep going past it, and won't hear them anymore.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|True love will break you, it devotes to break your beat up, broken heart awaiting to repair and align you to your true purpose.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is the philosophers, theologians, and evangelists who are said to be filled with pride and bigotry due to the strong convictions that they represent. On the contrary, teachings can be either taken or dismissed; whereas voting is the only thing the average person can do to force everyone to live how they would prefer. A simple vote is among the largest yet most acceptable forms of bigotry, and that is because people play the card only when they feel that in doing so it conveniences themselves.
Thomas E. Sanders, Twenty Talks to Teachers|The best advice is to be yourself, but to be your best self.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|To strengthen the connection between your conscious mind and your subconscious mind is to gain access to a map and compass to help you move towards your dream. To gain access to the subconscious mind is to gain the ability to see and create the future, the ability to shift the present, and the ability to alter your own perceptions of the past.
Terra Elan McVoy, After the Kiss|He wanted pure compliments, just as he wanted unconditional love.
Salvador Dali|I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.
Sonja Lyubomirsky|a shift in thinking’ toward someone who has wronged you, ‘such that your desire to harm that person has decreased and your desire to do him good (or to benefit your relationship) has increased.’ Forgiveness, at a minimum, is a decision to let go of the desire for revenge and ill-will toward the person who wronged you. It may also include feelings of goodwill toward the other person. Forgiveness is also a natural resolution ofthe grief process, which is the necessary acknowledgment of pain and loss.
Lynne Kutsukake, The Translation of Love|How many close encounters with death can one person survive? At the age of 21, I had surpassed more than 10 such close encounters with death, which began when I was but 5 years of age. This enemy who has been hotly pursuing me for more than 16 years has no shame to his game at all. At least with me there were certain things I would’ve never done, and knowingly hurt a child was just one of them.
Carroll Bryant|Steadiness of faith, was, in the long run, as illuminating and essential as sophistication of thought.
Cathryn Louis|Children with autism are constantly testing and pursuing truth. They are a bundle of contradictions. They love order and routine, yet often have the most amazingly inventive and creative minds. They may appear to follow rules, but are also the most likely people to come up with a revolutionary new idea. They feel emotion intensly, but often seem to struggle to read facial expressions.
Victoria Justice|Where is instruction in relationships, in the management of career, in the raising of children, in the pursuit of friendship, in the wise approach to anxiety and death? All this sort of stuff I craved to learn about when I was a student and down to this day.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|For some nights I slept profoundly; but still every morning I felt the same lassitude, and a languor weighed upon me all day. I felt myself a changed girl. A strange melancholy was stealing over me, a melancholy that I would not have interrupted. Dim thoughts of death began to open, and an idea that I was slowly sinking took gentle, and, somehow, not unwelcome possession of me. If it was sad, the tone of mind which this induced was also sweet. Whatever it might be, my soul acquiesced in it.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|Since both the departed saints and we ourselves are in Christ, we share with them in the 'communion of saints.' They are still our brothers and sisters in Christ. When we celebrate the Eucharist they are there with us, along with the angels and archangels. Why then should we not pray for and with them? The reason the Reformers and their successors did their best to outlaw praying for the dead was because that had been so bound up with the notion of purgatory and the need to get people out of it as soon as possible. Once we rule out purgatory, I see no reason why we should not pray for and with the dead and every reason why we should - not that they will get out of purgatory but that they will be refreshed and filled with God's joy and peace. Love passes into prayer; we still love them; why not hold them, in that love, before God?
Utpal Vaishnav|In the midst of desert, I found there was, within me, a beautiful lake. In the midst of night, I found there was, within me, an unbeatable morning.I realize through it all, that …No matter how difficult the challenges are, within me, there is a force that wants me to push back. The force wants me to live my personal legend there is no matter what.May the Force be with me … and with you.
Edmund Spenser|Hungary is, in a word, in a state of WAR against the Hapsburg dynasty, a war of legitimate defence, by which alone it can ever regain independence and freedom.
Richard Dawkins|What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do.
John Wooden|Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.
Stephen Richards|But this you must know: the violent murder of a mother- when a boy is at the tender age, when he is just discovering girls- it is a terrible thing. confusingly mixed up with all the things feminine, it leaves a charred residue on the soul, like the black marks found at the bottom of a burned pot. no matter how much you scrub and scrub the pot bottom with steel wool and cleansers, the scars, they are permanent
